When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. Our Global Technology Infrastructure Group is filled with innovators who love technology as much as you do. Together, you’ll use a disciplined, innovative and cost-effective approach to deliver a wide variety of high- quality products and services. You’ll work in a stable, resilient and secure operating environment where you—and the products you deliver—will thrive. JPMorgan Chase has one of the biggest storage environments in the World, servicing a heterogeneous compute system within geographically disperse setting. The L3 SAN Storage Engineer is part of the JPMorgan Chase SAN Storage support team; focusing in finding the underlying issues that impair our systems from performing at its best. Our goal is to fix issues before they impact the stability and resiliency of our applications. This position requires an extensive background in SAN management and support, and experience with the server side as well. We support a widespread of OS version, age and configuration; including AIX, Linux, ESX and Windows. The environment is extremely complex, comprised of CISCO and BROCADE switches; EMC, HDS, SUN and IBM arrays, thus, this position requires an engineer that has a high level of energy and is seeking a challenge. Primary Responsibilities: Management, maintenance, and support of data storage solutions, utilizing EMC VMAX and VNX arrays; HUS; SolidFire; ScaleIO; 3Par; as well as IBM XIV. Ability to identify opportunity for performance improvement on CISCO and BROCADE fabrics. Provides multi-level technical support in defining, developing and evaluating storage products to meet client needs. Supports these activities by diagnosing, reproducing and fixing software and hardware issues. Provides recommendations to improve the storage infrastructure and address/lead critical issues and analysis. Performing detailed array/host level SAN performance analysis and recommending solutions to clients. Utilizing tools like EMC Unisphere / Performance analyzer, Hitachi Tuning Manger and other Performance Analysis tools to carry out performance analysis. Once issues are identified, this position requires ability to put a plan in place to implement fixes and close out such issues, taking into account, the complexity and size of the environment. Remediating SAN side performance related issues proactively. This includes remediating issues both in arrays and SAN fabrics. Works with partner storage teams to ensure the appropriate storage level provisioning is maintained. Monitors server/storage infrastructure and any processes related to these systems. Troubleshoots and resolves problems identified by system administrators or through monitoring software. Investigates, identifies and documents proposals that will improve application recoverability. SAN switch technology management, storage provisioning, LUN masking, zoning, performance management, and volume management. Engaging internal customers. Attendance on management and technical bridges through incident resolution and preparation and presentation of root cause analysis. Coordinating and driving both internal and external vendor IT support teams in resolution activities. Executing assigned Change Request to JPMC standards and controls. Providing on-going improvements to event monitoring. Provides management with strategic and tactical recommendations for SAN environments. Ensure high availability and resiliency across the SAN products and services. This position is anticipated to require the use of one or more High Security Access (HSA) systems. Users of these systems are subject to enhanced screening which includes both criminal and credit background checks, and/or other enhanced screening at the time of accepting the position and on an annual basis thereafter. The enhanced screening will need to be successfully completed prior to commencing employment or assignment. 5+ years distributed SAN operational experience running multiple SAN storage technologies in a fast moving, mission-critical, large scale, global, (preferably financial services) operational environment Experience of other SAN functional roles to supplement operational experience Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills – ability to get to the root of the problem, assess impact, and develop a resolution plan quickly, leveraging all available resources, is essential. Ability to identify tactical quick wins, as well as strategic long term remediation options are both essential skills Organized and self-reliant with proven track record in managing multiple deliverables Enthusiastic style, able to work with disparate groups with often competing motivations Solid verbal and written communication skills, and team working skills Good understanding of impact and importance of storage services to customers. Sense of urgency around critical issues. Capable of acting as business liaison, translating business needs to technical requirements and providing point of contact to business and senior management during high impact incidents Ability to tune a technical conversation according to the technical capability of the audience Provides management with strategic and tactical recommendations for SAN environments Can manage large scale projects Demonstrates leadership - self starter, self motivated, and require minimal supervision Advanced experience of VMAX, HUS, SolidFire, ScaleIO, 3Par, XIV, along with associated HW based replication and point in time copy solutions. Experience with Software Defined Storage is a bonus. Advanced experience of vendor tools for managing, configuring, and troubleshooting (including performance) Advanced experience with large switched fabric environment for Brocade & Cisco In depth experience with storage management CLI’s: EMC Solutions Enabler, Cisco SANOS, Brocade FOS, & Software Defined Storage Ability to accurately troubleshoot low level SAN fabric issues: Logical errors, congestion, etc Ability to mentor junior Storage Engineers on SAN Storage technologies, troubleshooting, and operational efficiency gains Strong performance troubleshooting of EMC VMAX/FAST-VP utilizing EMC Unisphere Expert understanding of how server behaviors and IO load patterns affect storage (LUN Q-Depth, multipathing, application IO size, etc…). Development skill sets including: Python, Cloud frameworks, Angular, and a mindset for automation is a plus.