Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world. The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance. Choose Accenture, and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career. People in our Client Delivery & Operations career track drive delivery and capability excellence through the design, development and/or delivery of a solution, service, capability or offering. They grow into delivery-focused roles, and can progress within their current role, laterally or upward. Liquid Studios will be located in various cities where Accenture has a high concentration of clients who need software developers they can work with face- to-face, using Agile methods of delivery. This studio is based in Redwood City, CA ( Silicon Valley area.) Liquid Studio residents and client guests collaborate on development of “new IT” solutions using liquid software development techniques, beginning with rapid prototyping and construction of business applications, and applying the latest in design thinking and Agile approaches to interactively assemble adaptive applications from modular, proven components. Teams will work in small groups of up to 10 software engineers. Liquid Studios will also be able to take advantage of global centers of innovation (such as Silicon Valley) to attract talent and creative energy from the ecosystem, creating an osmotic effect for experimentation using new tools and approaches and fostering an environment where new styles of working are combined with real-world challenges of building applications for the digital era. Liquid Studio teams will also be able to tap into the power of Accenture’s broader ecosystem partnerships, Global Delivery Network and Accenture Digital capabilities. We have more than a decade of experience in Agile and DevOps along with Accenture tools and assets that can be leveraged to enable continuous liquid delivery. You will alternately be working internally within the Liquid Studio team to develop innovative concepts and applications, and for our clients across the world to pilot and deploy solutions at scale. When working internally, you will participate in the development of our Artificial Intelligence solutions, from prototyping new functionality and technologies to integrating them in our overall products and offerings, thus developing your expertise and skills in this domain. For our clients, you will support the development and deployment of our AI solutions and will usually collaborate with international teams of consultants. Project teams are typically multi-disciplinary, supplementing your technical ability with industry experts, local technology skills, and functional knowledge. For Analysts and above, depending on your level of experience, your activities will spread from requirements gathering, design, development and/or integration of applications and technology solutions, to team or project management, whilst being in regular interaction with client personnel. Your Profile: We are seeking innovative, talented, energetic technology professionals with: General Skills: English language required (additional European language a plus) Very good interpersonal skills and ability to present in front of an audience Team spirit and problem-solving ability, ability to work independently A strong interest in leading edge technology, and in user experience/usability A willingness to learn deep technical skills and apply them to the business of our clients A willingness for international mobility; previous international experience is a plus. Creativity and the ability to propose and drive idea realization. Global mobility: short business trips (1-2 weeks) within the southwest region, 30-50% of time. Domain-Specific Skills: Skills in some of the following domains are also essential: Machine/Deep Learning – machine learning algorithms and platforms, neural networks… Language – Natural Language Processing, machine translation, emotion detection, language detection, classification… Vision – computer vision, object recognition/tracking, face/gender/age/emotion recognition, OCR/handwriting recognition… Sound – audio processing, speech recognition, text to speech and speech to text, emotion detection, language detection, sound recognition, gender/age detection, speaker detection AI solutions – Virtual Agents, Robotic Process Automation, intelligent case processing, Video Analytics, Unique Identity/ biometrics, inference engines, stream monitoring, intelligent search, ontologies/knowledge representations Basic Qualifications: Master degree or Bachelor’s degree plus related experience in a STEM discipline Minimum 3 years’ experience in AI technology systems integration project delivery Technical – deep aptitude and proficiency in programming and design techniques (Python, Scala, Java, Web/DB development, complex event processing, design patterns). Understanding of technical architectures and current state of the market in several technology areas. Familiarity with distributed computing architectures, frameworks and tools, e.g. Hadoop/MapReduce, Spark, HBase, Cassandra, Kafka, and Storm and knowledge of cloud platforms like AWS, GCP, Azure. Hands-on experience. Preferred Qualifications: Communications – strong written and oral communications skills; ability to establish credibility. Innovation and/or Entrepreneurial – ownership, initiation and incubation of new ideas and concepts on school / work projects. Desire to create practical new business applications based on innovative technologies. Leadership / Management –experience in team work and possibly in leading small teams. Professional Skill Requirements Proven success in contributing to a team-oriented environment Proven ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment Desire to work in an information systems environment Excellent leadership, communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status). Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Accenture is a Federal Contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. Equal Employment Opportunity All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.