As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For detailed information on Benefits for this position, click here. As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for four consecutive years. UW Information Technology (UW-IT) is the central IT organization for the University of Washington (UW), responsible for strategic planning, oversight, and direction of UW’s IT infrastructure, resources, and services. UW-IT provides critical technology support to all three campuses, UW medical centers, and research operations around the world. UW-IT’s Information Management (IM) division provides University-wide leadership in the development and management of UW’s major administrative business systems including Finance, Human Resources/Payroll (HR/P), Advancement, and Facilities. IM also provides leadership and support to all UW academic and administrative units in delivering institutional data for decision making. The Enterprise Document Management program (EDM) within UW-IT provides technical solutions and services to academic, business, and IT groups throughout the University. These solutions include Document Management, Workflow Management, Notifications, and eSignatures. These services support the University’s business process modernization and automation efforts, and aid departments in complying with records retention policies. UW-IT has an outstanding full time opportunity for a Technology Manager. The EDM Technology Program Manager provides leadership in three primary areas: planning and management for program expansion in order to support an increasing number of the University’s high-priority business modernization efforts; oversight of the design, development, and operations of a secure enterprise applications infrastructure; and supervision of program staff. This role is responsible for facilitating the planning, implementation, operations, and evaluation of complex, multi-year, multifaceted projects. The incumbent negotiates for human, financial, and other resources, liaises with stakeholders and vendors on program-related matters, and provides professional guidance and leadership to team members to realize the program's business and technical goals. REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s Degree in business, computer science, or technical management field or equivalent experience. Experience in technical program management, including developing priorities, roadmaps, and/or program portfolio. Experience developing, leading, managing, and mentoring diverse teams, with both technical and non-technical staff. Effective independent judgment and decision-making skills. Strong communication skills at all levels. Demonstrated excellent written/oral communication skills, technical documentation skills, user liaison skills, and personal interaction abilities. _Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except when there are legal requirements, such as a license/certification/registration._ DESIRED: Experience in a major research university setting. Leadership of an Agile software development team. Oversight of phases of the software development lifecycle: solution analysis, architecture, and design; systems integration; data conversion and migration; environment management and build processes; and/or deployment planning, execution, and communications. Demonstrated program management skills, including ability to maintain calm under pressure, comfort with ambiguity, ability to earn trust, ability to motivate others, and ability to engage in difficult conversations gracefully. Demonstrated professionalism to lead by example, with a positive attitude, patience, honesty, integrity, and commitment. Ability to set clear expectations and hold individuals and team members accountable. Knowledge of IT accessibility issues for users with disabilities; familiarity with accessibility standards and best practices; experience testing for accessibility; and demonstrated ability to design content/applications with accessibility considerations. Proven fiscal management skills. Understanding of continuous integration and continuous deployment concepts. Understanding of Infrastructure-as-a-Platform solutions, such as Amazon Web Services. Experience working with the IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL) framework. CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT: Open office environment This is an essential position and is required to report to work remotely when UW suspends operations.