Work Location: Grand Rapids, MI Good verbal and written communication skills Good Windows and MS Office skills Experience in VMS/Ingres or Oracle PL/SQL based projects, Windows Server Experience in managing projects to a formal methodology such as PMI SFTP - Designing application interface Retrieve and Update Application Data in Ingres databases Requirements: Should be an US national to work on Aviation Export Control activities Proven working experience in database and migration support for about 3-5 yrs Bachelor Degree or higher in computer science or a related field or equivalent experience Aggressive problem diagnosis and creative problem-solving skills. Change management process knowledge Strong skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines and budgets with business acumen Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse web applications Candidates should be flexible / willing to work across this delivery landscape which includes and not limited to Agile Applications Development, Support and Deployment. Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini. Qualifications Applications Consultants have expertise in a specific technology environment. They are responsible for software-specific design and realization, as well as testing, deployment and release management, or technical and functional application management of client-specific package based solutions (e.g. SAP, ORACLE). These roles also require functional and methodological capabilities in testing and training. Required Skills and Experience: You focus on building solutions and on maintaining, optimizing and improving a client’s applications and systems. You contribute to a business and technical blueprint and customize the respective Software Package Core Module. You may also be responsible for unit testing, contribute to integration testing, and/or be responsible for the design and delivery of end-user training. Qualification: Minimum 3 years experience, Bachelor’s Degree. Certification: Should have or seeking SE Level 1. Should be proficient in Package Configuration. Should have progressing skills in Business Analysis, Business Knowledge, Testing, Architecture Knowledge, Technical Solution Design and Vendor Management Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law About Capgemini A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 200,000 team members in over 40 countries. The Group reported 2017 global revenues of EUR 12.8 billion (about $14.4 billion USD at 2017 average rate). Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.