Do you consider yourself a Data Scientist or want to move into that fast growing space? Do you have a degree and project or professional experience? Do you love statistics and the manipulation of data? Are you interested in Big Data environments? Do you have a solid experience with 'R' , SQL, Python, and Java development? Do any of these words sound familiar to you: Naïve Bayes, Bayesian Graphical Networks, NLP, Random Forest, Linear, Decision Tree, Gaussian, Regression? If so, you may want to join our expanding data science and machine learning team. Their primary mission is to increase the scale and automation of data acquisition, cleansing, refinement, enrichment, and curation. You will be working on a cross-functional collaborative team. Teamwork is tantamount to success in this environment. We are looking to add smart and confident people, who know when to seek advice, how to collaborate with a multi-functional team, and how to focus on practical solutions for productization. The ideal candidate is a collaborative, solutions-oriented thinker with a strong background processing large data sets, applying analytical rigor and statistical methods, and driving toward actionable insights and practical solutions that can make an immediate impact. Responsibilities Here's what a typical day will look like as the Data Scientist: Analyse data to gain deep understanding of the problem domains Design algorithms for predictive modeling and clustering. Develop working prototypes of algorithms. Evaluate the performance of various algorithms/models/strategies Communicate and write research and technical reference reports to document not only the successful solutions, but also the failures as well Implement results into robust frameworks and tools, and help transition them into into production systems Continuously get better - seek out opportunities to further develop our analytical, engineering, and statistical toolkit Data/problem analysis Research the solution space. Proof of concept solutions to demonstrate value to business stakeholders Reports covering research results and software requirements Software/algorithm development (productization/programming) Requirements specifications and technical documents for developed tools and libraries Qualifications You're likely a great fit for this opportunity if you have: BA/BS degree (or equivalent experience) in a strongly quantitative field such as: Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Operations Research, Computer Science, or Econometrics with 2+ years of analytics experience or equivalent combination of education and experience. Familiarity with wide range of machine learning algorithms, including, NLP, neural networks, kernel methods, dimensionality reduction, bayesian inferencing graph algorithms, and hidden Markov models. Strong analytical skills and comfortable working with large data sets Ability to transform data into actionable insights. Strong programming skills in at least one some or all of the following: Java, R, Python, Spark, Hive, Pig, Hadoop, Scala, Julia, C, C++ Experience with SQL and relational databases. Experience with unstructured & semi-structured data sources and requisite processing Benefits We offer an attractive benefits plan with health benefits that include three medical coverage options, vision and dental coverage – HSA, FSA, 401(k) with employer match, paid parental leave, paid time off, paid sick leave, short- term and long-term disability, life insurance, and AD&D; insurance. Why You Should Join DiscoverOrg: A 7-time honoree of the Inc. 5000 fastest growing private companies Only company to win FOUR company CODiE awards in the same year A three time recipient of the Deloitte Fast 500 award Headquartered in Vancouver Has been profitable for the past 10 years Was named the 2017 Growth Company of the Year at the Oregon Technology Awards Is the industry bellwether with award winning products Supported by an award winning Learning and Development team Is led by an EY Entrepreneur of the Year finalist Has an impressive 4.7 star rating on Glassdoor Is honored to be a 2017 Fortune Magazine Best Workplaces , and Finally, is recognized as a 2017 Inc. Magazine Top 50 Best Workplaces