Overview Contribute to a Safer, More Secure, and More Sustainable World. At UL, we know why we come to work. Thousands of us around the world wake up every day with one common purpose – to make the world a safer, more secure, and more sustainable place to live. We clear the way for our customers to introduce the latest products, technological advances, and systems in an increasingly complex world so they can provide peace of mind to the market. Our integrity is woven throughout our company and shapes the way we approach and deliver our solutions. We are proud that the work we do every day has a meaningful contribution to society. We continue to build upon our legacy of trusted expertise and partnership to keep our communities safe and secure as we march forward into the future. This helps us to sleep better at night, and we are confident that the millions of people we touch rest easier too. UL Ventures is passionate about partnering with and funding great teams to develops ambitious solutions together. We provide venture capital and a dedicated team who facilitate access to global UL thought-leaders, engineering expertise and ecosystems. Join UL’s Ventures team in Fremont, CA! Responsibilities The Analyst will be responsible for sourcing, qualifying and recommending interesting startup investment opportunities that meet the strategic and financial objectives of UL Ventures. The Analyst analyzes market segments of potential interest for venture capital investments and develop fresh perspectives and strong investment thesis driven by data. Builds a deal pipeline of investable companies through extensive networking including meeting with founders, entrepreneurs and thought leaders, attending events and collaborating with other players in the venture ecosystem. Supports senior team members in all aspects of due diligence including market research, business model, financial modeling, computing unit economics and SaaS metrics, exit analysis and preparing investment memo. Prepares quarterly reviews for portfolio companies and reports on progress by collecting and compiling performance metrics. Supports knowledge transfer initiatives by working closely with portfolio companies and UL internal business units. Qualifications Minimum of 2-3 years previous experience in venture capital. A Bachelor’s degree in Engineering preferably in Computer Science, or a technical degree with specialization in Data Science. MBA not required for this role. Demonstrated passion for entrepreneurship, deep insights into technology trends and connections to the startup/venture ecosystem in the Bay Area. Excellent financial modeling skills and passion for quantitative, data driven analyses. Previous experience doing large scale data analysis using automation scripts preferred. Previous experience building prediction models using machine learning algorithms is a plus. _CB_