We believe that the future of writing is knowing who will respond to anything you write before you even publish it. Textio’s category-defining augmented writing platform is delighting customers, and we’re looking for a Senior Data Journalist with a strong sense of ownership to join our Seattle team. You’ll start from a great foundation. We have a powerful brand, exceptional PR, and lots of great content. Best of all, Textio’s vast language data set allows our platform to discover fascinating narratives, and we love sharing them. All told, the Textio blog got hundreds of thousands of visitors last year. Our readership is executive, global, and growing fast. As more and more leaders realize that augmented writing is going to define enterprise technology over the next decade, there is a voracious appetite for data narratives about the way people are writing and talking. If you’re a data-minded language person with a penchant for storytelling, there is no better content leadership job in the industry. (We know; we’ve read them all!) What you'll be doing: Plan, write, and collaborate on the narratives we tell, including building a rich, detailed, long-form writing discipline. Own and create content for our Word Nerd blog from end to end, and tackle writing copy across multiple mediums. Work with language data sets and turn data insights into compelling narratives. Interview customers, industry leaders, and teammates across disciplines and tell their stories. Cultivate a community of writers at Textio and among our customers, edit their work, and help them bring out their best work. Last year, more than half our company wrote for our blog. Partner with our marketing team on brand-building opportunities and challenges. How can we maximize our social media influence? Make our emails land? Spread the word about augmented writing? We’d love to hear from you if: You’ve read our blog at https://textio.ai [https://textio.ai/], and you love this kind of writing. You know how to tell data stories for real people; your work speaks not only to data scientists and linguists, but to anyone. You understand that the best data narratives are funny, fascinating, or both. You have a background in linguistics, psychology, data journalism, or another social science, and/or you know how to use math to understand how language works and explain it to people. You know how to make a story last across channels (social media, webinar, email marketing, etc.) and bring a testing mentality help us improve. You’re eager to prove that you can innovate by trying new tactics. You are a superb communicator verbally and in writing—Textio stands for editorial quality, and you do too. You ask smart questions and are an exceptional listener who can find the gem in a customer interview. You understand that sometimes a great data visualization is worth a thousand words. You are a disciplined self-starter who has the ability to juggle multiple, demanding initiatives concurrently. You sweat the small stuff and keep SEO in mind. You have a point of view but are low ego. This is a leadership role on our growing brand team. Great writing about language data is a mainstay of what we do at Textio, and you’re just the right person to develop this discipline for us. Textio embraces diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. If there is anything we can do to create a more comfortable interview experience for you, please let us know. Working at Textio is outstanding. Learn more about our philosophy, benefits, and team at https://textio.com/careers/. Reach out and share your story with us!