Job Description Alexa is the Amazon cloud service that powers Echo, the groundbreaking new Amazon device designed around your voice. Voice is the most natural user interface for interacting in the home and is quickly becoming the preferred way to seek information on any topic, at any time, from any place. Whether in the kitchen with Echo, on the couch with Fire TV, or on the go with mobile, customers expect Alexa to delight them with immediate and accurate answers to their questions. The Alexa BI team is looking for an experienced Business Intelligence Engineer who will be an expert at working with large data sets, has experience working with UIs that make data accessible and consumable, enjoys the challenge of highly complex technical contexts, and above all, is passionate about data and analytics. In this role, you’ll be a member of the Alexa Information BI team, partnering with product and Alexa International teams to support countries across the world in improving Alexa Experience.You will innovate to provide new ways of understanding the Alexa user experience. Teams will be dependent on the data you provide and tools you build to accelerate product improvements and inform design decisions. In addition to providing valuable insights to product teams, you will work extensively with Amazon Data Engineers and other BIEs. A successful candidate will also have exemplary communication skills, and enjoy working in a dynamic team with many partners. Specific responsibilities include: Own the design, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions Engage closely with other engineers, including BIEs and Data Engineers Build and analyze key metrics to uncover trends and root causes of issues. Help define requirements for reporting customer behavior, and translate those requirements into effective data visualizations and analytical solutions Derive insights from customer questions and usage data and provide input into new product development Be responsive to the needs of consumers of the BI data and tools We need actionable insights, and not just reports. We want someone who can distill knowledge from data that will help us decide what to build and how it should work. If data analysis is your super power, and you want to help shape the Alexa customer experience, look no further. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, related technical field, or equivalent work experience. 3+ years of relevant work experience in business intelligence, analytics, data engineering, market research or related field Experience gathering business requirements, using industry standard business intelligence tools to extract data, formulate metrics and build reports Experience using SQL, ETL and databases in a business environment with large-scale, complex datasets 2+ years of coding experience in at least one modern programming language (Python, Ruby, Scala, Java, etc.) Experience with AWS technologies including Redshift, RDS, S3, EMR, EML Experience with data visualization using Tableau or similar tools Preferred Qualifications Experience in designing and delivering cross functional custom reporting solutions Excellent oral and written communication skills including the ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical stakeholders Proven ability to meet tight deadlines, multi-task, and prioritize workload Strong analytical and problem solving skills Track record for being detail-oriented with a demonstrated ability to self-motivate and follow-through on projects A desire to work in a collaborative, intellectually curious environment. Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation