Job Summary: This is a temporary position that may turn into a regular full-time role following an introductory period. Under supervision of Manager/Supervisor or in assistance to Quality or Service Chemist II or III. Perform laboratory tests that have been designed to evaluate the quality and consistency of finished products, intermediates and raw materials and/or the disposition and continued utility of used fluids obtained from customer processes. Analysis of the physical/chemical parameters of product, emulsion, water, competitor and other samples submitted from industrial processes related to the use, manufacture or laboratory developed Quaker products. Responsibilities: Carry out established and validated written procedures that have been designed to yield data regarding the physical or chemical attributes of a sample. Exercise astute judgement of test observations and resultant test data. Accurately, clearly and timely record and report the results according to specified guidelines and/or standard operating procedures. With minor assistance, make recommendations for corrective action. Promptly and consistently reports or comments on any deviations in the obtained results versus the expected results. Repeats tests as required to verify the accuracy of the data. Offers observations related to discrepancies that might be test method related. Conforms to all established safety, health and environmental standards. Make recommendations for improvement. Work with Regional Development and/or Analytical Lab as required for the implementation of new or improved test procedures. Maintain equipment, glassware and workspace in a clean and well-functioning manner. Properly dispose of laboratory waste. Participate in ensuring good management of laboratory equipment and storage spaces for chemicals. Follow all ISO quality and environmental standards as provided in the various procedural manuals. Ensure that all Lab equipment is properly calibrated and functioning as expected. Qualifications: This position requires at least a Bachelor Degree in Chemistry or equivalent (MBO in chemistry in the Netherlands). Must possess the ability to work in a fast pace environment, to work at different projects at the same time, and to think analytically. In addition, must have good prioritization and communication skills (oral and writing). Must be involved, careful, precise, team player, flexible result/customer oriented and takes initiative. Company Overview: At Quaker Chemical, we are experts in the development, production, and application of process fluids, lubricants, and coatings for the steel, metalworking, and many other manufacturing industries. With approximately 2,000 Associates in more than 20 countries, we enable our customers to be more efficient - and ultimately more profitable. It's our obsession. And we achieve this through our intimate knowledge of the industries we serve and each one of the moving parts that comes with it. Quaker is a global publicly traded company with a unique collaborative culture that supports career growth for its associates and offers competitive compensation and benefit programs.