Business Analyst, Online How connect with people every day? Do you chat? Video calls? Meetings? Have you ever had trouble connecting to audio, or video from a meeting room? Have you had a hard time coordinating with your team around a common goal or initiative? We all need to connect with people to get our work done. We are uniquely positioned to make it amazing across hardware and software with a leading market position in meetings. Our next goal is to redefine how people work where communication is at the core of all productive collaboration. What You’ll Do Online team is looking for a business analyst to manage all the internal reports needs on key financial and product usage metrics. In addition, evaluate ways to automate reporting and keep the data up to date and accurate. You’ll be working alongside a team focusing on how people communicate across messaging, calling, and video as well as collaborate on documents, schedules, and tasks. We want to make everyone more productive every day. Who You Are You are detail-oriented, conscientious, thorough and accurate You are self-motivated You can work independently and also across a large cross-functional team You have strong data analysis skills You are able to clearly articulate the key insights from the data Who You’ll Work With We’re a experienced group of product managers, engineers, and designers who are finding new ways to leverage data from communication, people interaction, and collaborative content creation to craft new collaboration experiences in ways that nobody but Cisco can. These new collaboration experiences will give a stronger voice to the remote worker, make distributed teams as efficient as co-located teams, and drive the new generation of everyday collaboration between teammates. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s in business or computer science, Master's degree preferred. 8+ years of reporting and analytics experience Experience with Big data required Experience in SQL, Business Objects, and Tableau is strongly preferred Integrate multiple data sources and extract insights from large and diversified data/results