As Retail Operations Specialist, you build collaborative relationships as part of cross-functional teams to plan operational processes and communications to support ongoing company initiatives, and select the most effective timing and method for delivery of these communications. You impact store processes through analysis, troubleshooting issues, and determining viable solutions. You also affect the success of our stores by developing and maintaining Integrated Store Operations (ISO) content. You act as a liaison, visiting stores to measure the success of these plans and recommend changes to respond to opportunities for improvement. You use a variety of communications vehicles to share information and identify the best way to send information, ensuring understanding and appropriate responses from the field. Essential Functions • Serve as project leader on cross-functional teams to support ongoing company initiative to identify any impact to store workload & processes, including but not limited to, Physical Inventory, merchandising initiatives, and systems pilots, rollouts, and enhancements. • Provide operational support to home office and field partners by monitoring and responding to inquiries received in the Store Operations email inbox. • Update and maintain departmental database applications. • Develop or modify operational requirements for new or changing company initiatives. • Capture project scope, goals, and deliverables in collaboration with stakeholders. • Using the appropriate tools, develop project timeline, milestones, and associated deliverables and communications. • Track and report on project status to stakeholders. • Conduct post-completion project review and create recommendations for future projects. • Write, edit, and maintain Integrated Store Operations (ISO) content & other online reference material. • Review store procedures and communications to ensure compliance with ISO. • Review store processes and recommend revisions to ensure accuracy and reduce workload. • Visit stores to evaluate success of previous projects and to plan new tactics for future projects. Qualifications • You must organize, communicate, prioritize, and balance multiple projects simultaneously, while being flexible to conditions, remaining focused and using resources effectively and efficiently to get things done • You gain insight from mistakes and are open to feedback, translating these ideas into actionable steps to consistently deliver results • You write clearly and succinctly, getting messages across to others with the desired impact • You learn quickly when facing new problems, are open to change, and enjoy the challenge of unfamiliar tasks. You pick up on technical things quickly • You analyze current processes, in conjunction with feedback form both the field and stakeholders, to develop and activate operational efficiencies • Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite • Some travel is required • Bachelor’s degree or comparable experience • A minimum of two to three years of retail management experience, preferably with Barnes & Noble • Additionally, a minimum of two to three years of project management experience, including a solid understanding of project management techniques, tools, and software