Known for being a great place to work and build a career, KPMG provides audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today's most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It's also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it's no wonder we're consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you're as passionate about your future as we are, join our team. KPMG is currently seeking a Sr Specialist in Technology Enablement for our Management Consulting practice. Responsibilities: Visual and UX design of enterprise, consumer and internal digital experiences Translate user research and business requirements visual, workflow and service related design solutions Execute data visualizations, pattern and style libraries and moodboards to convey consistency and direction Participate in design research efforts; Ensure solutions are rooted in real-world needs and deliver functionality that delight and drive adoption Present and defend the value of the team's design solution to client stakeholders through storytelling in a way that inspires confidence and drives approval Collaborate with an interdisciplinary team of Strategists, Designers, Developers, and subject matter leads as well as collaborate with a community of creatives to improve our combined skills, processes and delivery Qualifications: A minimum of three years of experience in user experience design, digital product/service design, or other forms of human-centered design Bachelor's degree from an accredited college/university Client-facing consulting/agency experience (spanning consumer, enterprise or professional services) Expert-level proficiency in current execution tools and processes such as Adobe Creative Cloud, Sketch, InVision, Lean, Design Thinking, and Agile Strong design portfolio, demonstrating problem solving and an impeccable attention to detail as well as passion and dedication to craft, a willingness to be collaborative, an ability to remain flexible and optimistic Proficient storytelling skills (oral, written, and visual) with the ability to inspire, educate and persuade Willing to travel 50 to 80% as needed for client visits and firm meetings Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex/gender, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, physical or mental handicap unrelated to ability, pregnancy, veteran status, unfavorable discharge from military service, genetic information, personal appearance, family responsibility, matriculation or political affiliation, status with regard to public assistance, or other legally protected status. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192). No phone calls or agencies please.