Sr. Systems Administrator (Oracle Agile PLM) The Sr. Systems Administrator will be responsible for the maintenance and development of Agile PLM, PDM, and CAD. The Sr. Systems Administrator will also be responsible for working cross-functionally with Quality, Document Control, IT and Engineering (CAD Admins) and will take ownership of validation activities and integration processes between Agile and other software applications. Professional Experience/Background to be successful in this role: Minimum 5 - 7 years of experience with Agile Oracle PLM with design configuration in the Product Collaboration modul Must have experience leading validations, including writing and reviewing validation documents in a Medical Device environment Experience with the development of: Agile Client code Agile web services Java-based web applications Agile SDK-based customizations Process Extensions Experience in industries where major software validation is warranted (medical device / medical technology / pharma) is required Hands-on experience with SQL and PL SQL scripts is a plus Knowledge and understanding of Document Control, Manufacturing, and Engineering in manufacturing companies, including a solid understanding of the Agile PLM Business process with respect to manufacture domain Familiarity with CAD (e.g. SolidWorks/NX) and Java/J2EE, Agile API, Excel API experience with ability to build Java based interfaces and reporting. Experience supporting Agile PLM interfaces to other systems Key Accountabilities: Interface with Agile, ERP and SolidWorks vault, e-Learning module Identify and manually troubleshoot migration errors Lead validation and integration activities Monitor data sets post-deployment. Where issues are found, analyze system wide impact, develop remediation plan, and assist in uploading fixes to ECO/MCO to help the users apply the fix. Assist in Identifying opportunities for process and procedure enhancements to drive efficiency. Creates new development procedures. Assist in creating new processes to drive desired results. Collaborates with and understands business goals. Regularly exercises discretion and independent judgment on technical matters. Expected Outcomes: Lead the Agile data migration exercises of varying projects. Properly plan and execute mock data migrations within project parameters Support cutover and post-go live aspects of a project to ensure a successful deployment. Lead the formal data validation process(both technical and where necessary with end-users) Manage quarterly updates, follow-up on patches. Address issues or justify why no action is needed. Travel: <5% Who is Verb Surgical? Verb Surgical™ is shaping the future of surgery. A new future, a future unimagined even a few years ago, which will involve machine learning, robotic surgery, instrumentation, advanced visualization, and data analytics. A future of surgery that aims to achieve improved patient outcomes, lower costs, and greater hospital efficiency. Verb Surgical was founded with technology, expertise, and funding from Verily (formerly Google Life Sciences) and Ethicon, a medical device company in the Johnson & Johnson family of companies. This company will continue in strong partnership with Verily and Johnson & Johnson (Google and Johnson & Johnson Team for Robotic Surgery) to advance the surgical tools and capabilities available to surgeons and OR professionals today.