At Stitcher, we're creating the best place in the world for podcasts -- the best place to discover, to listen, to distribute and to create. Our award- winning app has been downloaded over 12 million times and delivers listeners their favorite shows via smart phone, smart speaker and connected car. We love podcasts, and every day we're helping more people share in that love. We're looking for smart, motivated podcast enthusiasts to build and grow even faster. As a Data Analyst at Stitcher, you will be part of a fast-moving data team and responsible for the information needs of the organization, answering analytical questions, building and maintaining the metrics dashboard and digging into the vast repository of raw data to extract meaningful insights. You help support information dashboards, metrics and work closely with members of our highly cross-functional teams to ensure they have a clear understanding of and access to our data. You will be immersed in a wide variety of data- centric technologies and will have an opportunity to both learn and contribute your knowledge to the improvement of the product. What you'll do: Be a data ambassador for organizations across Stitcher Media, including marketing, ad operations, content operations, product and the executive team. Be the expert on where various data repositories are, what they contain and how to interpret them. Build data products, including information visualizations, dashboards and marketing populations Work with other data engineers to support several hundred python and PHP processes that run daily to produce our metrics and product facing statistics. Build new systems to deliver insights to executive and product teams Ad-hoc statistical analysis and exploration Support content, marketing customer acquisition teams with targeted population and list generation. What you'll bring to the job: The ideal candidate will possess experience in multimedia data systems (podcasting preferred), SQL, python, data pipeline systems and information visualization tools and products. Additionally: 2+ years SQL knowledge (Redshift/PostgreSQL/MySQL) 1+ years' experience in at least one of the following: python (preferred), PHP, Java Experience with BI & reporting dashboards (Periscope, Tableau, etc.) Education & Experience/Certifications: Bachelor of Science in computer science, engineering, math or statistics or equivalent experience This role is in San Francisco and requires limited travel. Stitcher is an equal opportunity employer and committed to building a staff that is as diverse and inclusive as the growing world of podcasts that we are helping build. We offer competitive salaries, a flexible paid time off policy, competitive health benefits, 401(k) matching and other perks. We are a part of E.W. Scripps, a 140-year-old media company committed to journalism and free speech. LI-YE1