Location: Conshohocken, PA Type: Permanent/ FTE Start Date: Immediately Scrum Master RS Energy Group is a data-driven organization specializing in the delivery of advanced analytics, research and data science to the most advanced investors and producers in the world. We work in an innovative, fast-paced and dynamic environment, with interdisciplinary teams focused on leveraging cutting-edge technology, data and machine learning to uncover unique investment ideas and provide solutions for producers. Headquartered in Calgary, we have offices in Houston, New York, Los Angeles and Philadelphia. We are looking for a dynamic and expereinces Scrum Master to join our Data Science Team in the Conshohocken, PA office. Responsibilities: Coordinate, organize and facilitate Scrum ceremonies (sprint planning, daily standup, sprint demo, retrospective) and practices for 3-4 small teams. Coach and mentor team members and organization regarding Agile practices. Capture and utilize scrum metrics to promote continuous process improvements. Participate in roadmap and release planning. Help write or split user stories. Support product owner in backlog grooming and ordering activities. Track and remove impediments. Facilitate conflict resolution. Qualifications: CSM, CSP, or equivalent experience. Strong knowledge of Scrum theory, rules and practices. 2+ years in an Agile leadership position with an understanding of Agile planning and execution processes at the portfolio, roadmap, and team level. Demonstrated experience in a Scrum Master role on Scrum or Kanban teams for technically complex projects. Basic knowledge of software development processes and procedures. Strong written and oral communication skills. SDLC and project management using Visual Studio or equivalent. RS Energy Group offers a competitive salary, a generous benefits package, and an unbeatable work environment. This is a great time to join our organization! RS Energy Group is an equal opportunity employer. By embracing diversity, we gain strength through our people. To learn more, please visit our website at www.rseg.com