The Solution Architecture team partners with Platform Teams across the enterprise to drive success on business critical initiatives by using cross- Company and Tech Platform knowledge for implementation of highly available, scalable and fault-tolerant solutions. In addition, our group owns Principal Architecture for the Non-Card Lending Platform. Responsibilities include: Identifying cross LOB reuse opportunities Identifying and resolving technology solution overlaps and conflicts Assisting/providing end-to-end solution architectures Aligning solutions to strategic technical and capability roadmaps Identifying new shared capability and business opportunities. Our group is looking for a highly skilled individuals with extensive design, hands-on development and cross-functional systems integration experience to join our team. As a Staff Architect, you will collaborate with teams across the globe in architecting solutions that support critical initiatives and adhere to the highest standard of technical excellence. The ideal candidate will have cross-functional domain knowledge, and experience working on a broad range of products, and technologies along with deep implementation-level knowledge of Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and APIs using REST principals. Developing micro-services and deploying on the enterprise cloud solution is a plus. People leader skills is a plus. Job Responsibilities: Lead end-to-end Solution Architecture for Top AXP Programs in collaboration with Platform teams Effectively interpret Technical and Business objectives and challenges and articulate solutions. Match platforms and technologies to program objectives Define platform boundaries and interface definitions and approaches Define Logical Architecture & Process flows Work with program & product teams to define and groom product features and ensure end-to-end architecture is delivered in sprints Review user stories and acceptance criteria Participate in code reviews Perform Design reviews Evaluate end-to-end system performance and availability Remediate (tactical and strategic) any architecture or technical concerns Review/assist with development of APIs as required to ensure they are meeting REST principals Collaborate with Product and Platform teams during and post launch to ensure product meets requirements Qualifications Qualifications: Bachelors or Master's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or other Technical discipline, or equivalent work experience. Experience with technology characteristics, deployment patterns and operational processes underpinning highly available, high performance, scalable platforms for running modern distributed web/mobile/social applications. Advanced hands-on experience with application solution architecture design. 10+ years professional experience in information technology delivery, including system, solution, and application architecture, development, enhancement, migration and maintenance on multiple platforms. 8+ years of direct hands-on coding in one or more currently supported languages at Amex Experience designing and building large scale applications, including designing for scalability, high throughput/TPS, low latency, and high availability. Includes the ability to evaluate and tune performance for such an application. Mastery of Agile software development principles. Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions. ReqID: 18010454 Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time