Ridley Park,Pennsylvania,United States 6K8CP2 The Boeing Chinook H47 Systems Safety Engineering team is seeking a candidate to perform systems safety engineering and analyses in our Ridley Park, PA office. The selected candidate will have an exciting opportunity to work with an experienced team of system safety professionals and grow their knowledge of military rotorcraft systems. As a system safety engineer the candidate will experience the big picture when it comes to defense operations and witness the complexities of the defense industry life-cycle from conceptual development through design, as well as test and into sustainment. The successful candidate will apply: An interdisciplinary, collaborative approach to plan, design, develop and verify basic lifecycle balanced system of systems and system solutions. Evaluates customer/operational needs to define system performance requirements, integrate technical parameters and assure compatibility of all physical, functional and program interfaces. Performs analyses to optimize total system of systems and/or system architecture. Performs analyses for affordability, safety, reliability, maintainability, testability, human systems integration, survivability, vulnerability, susceptibility, system security, regulatory, certification, product assurance and other specialties quality factors into a preferred configuration to ensure mission success. Supports the planning, organization, implementation and monitoring of requirements management processes, tools, risk, issues, opportunity management and technology readiness assessment processes. With general supervision, enters and retrieves data to and from the system safety database/tracking system. Tracks performance and reviews deliverables. Prepares and monitors schedule. Compiles and prepares presentation material for review of lessons learned, safety features and new safety technology for program management. Performs risk assessments with general supervision from the Safety Lead. With general supervision, develops and delivers oral and written system safety and risk presentations and training to employees, customers and regulatory agencies. Under general supervision, prepares system safety documentation. With general supervision, identifies and compiles requirements assigned by senior engineers and supports requirements verification and validation. Supports the development of system safety processes, methods and tools. With general supervision, identifies, analyzes and controls hardware and software hazards. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position requires the ability to obtain a US Security Clearance for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. Typical Education/Experience: Bachelors and 2 or more years' experience or a Master's degree with experience. Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry. ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): Bachelors or higher experience from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry. ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. Must demonstrate the ability to communicate well and work within a team environment with first time quality. Proficiency in default Office tools (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) is required. 2 or more years’ experience in systems engineering/safety analysis Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Experience with rotorcraft product and product support is highly desired Experience providing briefings to senior and/or executive level management is highly desired Yes, 10 % of the Time Vertical Lift Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company