AppZen has developed the world’s first artificial intelligence (AI) solution for business process automation. AppZen’s AI for business solutions uses patent-pending Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision and machine learning algorithms to analyze data and automate functions. Our technology is used to automate business processes for both small and large enterprises, including fortune 50 organizations. The data science-based technology automatically detects accidental and intentional fraud, providing real-time compliance to IRS rules, FCPA regulations, and general company policies. This position’s primary laser-focus is providing Tier I support to customers. You own the problem and the solution. The secondary responsibilities will include product demonstrations, creating support articles and blog posts for new features, and communicating with the development team with suggested improvements. If you are looking to make an immediate impact this is the role for you! About You: You are a patient and caring person, highly organized and driven. You want to help our customers get the most out of AppZen’s audit solution and get joy out of watching a customer really succeed. You have GREAT communication skills and know how to get the message across. You are action oriented; no task is too small or insignificant for you. You have a finely tuned sense of urgency, you know when you can fix something, and when and how to ask for help. Responsibilities: Provide a positive, personalized experience via phone, live chat, and email to each customer who reaches out. You are not a robot; we want each customer to know how important they are. Identify, troubleshoot and resolve Tier I technical issues. Communicate suggested product improvements to the development team. Requirements: Humble and Friendly personality with an open and honest communication style. 2+ years of experience with SAAS software support. Exceptional written and verbal communication skills. Ability to understand our business applications quickly with little hands on training. Bonus Points: Previous experience in fraud and compliance