Overview: Designs, implements and maintains quality management protocols and follows the process for product development. Responsible for planning, implementing and managing compliance of development and/or manufacturing processes with internal and external safety, quality and regulatory standards requirements for worldwide distribution. Designs methods for inspecting, testing and evaluating the compliance of development within the process, production equipment and finished products. Performs analysis of reports and data to identify trends and recommend updates or changes to quality standards and procedures when necessary. Assures compliance to in-house and/or external specifications and standards (e.g.. ISO/TS, APQP, Six Sigma, CSR). Core Responsibilities: APQP activities for GM global OSIS projects. Lead and manage customer meetings and expectations related to GM global OSIS projects. Support satellite (ASAT) project activities on GM global OSIS projects. \- Quality activities on maintenance (current production) projects - Warranty and PCN/PTN activities. Technical Knowledge: Demonstrated advance ability and knowledge in practices and techniques gained through experience and exposure to complex and diverse techniques, theories, and principles. Problem Solving: Demonstrated ability to carefully analyze different possible courses of action and then selecting the best solution for implementation. Research and Development: Demonstrated advance ability of critical analysis, evaluation and synthesis of new and complex ideas. Capable of collaborating research projects in cooperation with colleagues and project partners. Analysis / Synthesis: Demonstrated advance ability of identifying a set of features, parameters, or considerations to take into account, in analyzing a situation or making a decision. Project Management: Demonstrated advance ability of applying fundamental Project, Customer, and Relationship Management Principles with the successful ability to negotiate. Leads projects or sub-teams with internal and external customers. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Required Education: Relevant BS Engineering Degree Required Experience: Minimum 5 years Preferred Qualifications: Preferred Education: Masters Degree Preferred Experience: 7 years of Automotive experience EEO Statement EEO / AA / Disabled / Protected Veteran Employer. Continental offers equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals, without regard to unlawful consideration to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, religion, national origin, disability