Dual-headquartered in New York and London, Fitch Ratings is a leading provider of credit ratings, commentary and research. Dedicated to providing value beyond the rating through independent and prospective credit opinions, Fitch Ratings offers global perspectives shaped by strong local market experience and credit market expertise. The additional context, perspective and insights we provide help investors to make important credit judgments with confidence. Fitch Solutions delivers credit market data, analytical tools and risk services to the global financial community. In addition to offering proprietary market-based content, Fitch Solutions distributes the ratings, research and financial data of Fitch Ratings through a variety of flexible platforms. With innovation and experience behind every solution, Fitch Solutions helps financial professionals meet the diverse and evolving needs of today’s global markets. Fitch Ratings and Fitch Solutions, along with Fitch Learning and BMI Research, are part of the Fitch Group, a global leader in financial information services with operations in more than 30 countries. Fitch Group is majority-owned by Hearst. Fitch Ratings and Fitch Solutions are an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer, complying with all laws governing employment in each jurisdiction in which operating, and provide equal opportunity to all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity and other status protected by applicable laws. Department overview: Fitch Ratings is seeking an Intermediate Systems Administrator to join the Infrastructure Operations team within Fitch’s IT Infrastructure Group. The Infrastructure Operations group is responsible for the day to day operations of our computer, storage and networking infrastructure including server patching, monitoring, backup and recovery and configuration management database (CMDB). Job Description: The Intermediate Systems Administrator is involved in evaluating and executing scheduling system patches, upgrades and changes. The Intermediate Systems Administrator determines root cause of complex network and system problems. Responsibilities include: resolving escalated trouble tickets; performing server maintenance and updates, replacing hardware as needed; updating Operating Systems; performing PC imaging as required; assisting in maintenance calls relating to workstations, software and servers; troubleshooting and resolving server event logs and communication systems; participating in the implementation phase for projects; documenting and tracking model and serial numbers for inventory tracking; developing and maintain preventative maintenance checklists. This individual will also be responsible for managing our Citrix VDI environment. Position Requirements: Working knowledge of the Windows Operating System Working knowledge of the Linux Operating System Working knowledge of Citrix Effective problem solving skills Experience with VMWare ESXi 5.5 Experience with Amazon workspaces Basic scripting/coding skills. The candidate must possess the following skills, experiences and qualities: A minimum of 4 years of Microsoft Technologies experience Experience with Microsoft windows server, enterprise backup, recovery procedures, system performance monitoring tools A minimum of 3 years of Citrix experience Experience with monitoring tools such as SolarWinds Solid background in network, storage and DNS services Strong interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills Strong problem solving and analytical skills Demonstrated ability to work well on collaborative, cross-functional teams. Solid interpersonal skills with ability to work effectively with people of all levels of information technology expertise with a wide range of constituencies and organizational relationships Understanding of Project Management tools, techniques and methodologies including agile Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or relevant work experience preferred _Fitch is committed to providing global securities markets with objective, timely, independent and forward-looking credit opinions. To protect Fitch’s credibility and reputation, our employees must take every precaution to avoid conflicts of interests or any appearance of a conflict of interest. Should you be successful in the recruitment process at Fitch Ratings you will asked to declare any securities holdings and other potential conflicts for you and your Family Members prior to commencing employment. If you, or your Family Members, have any holdings that may conflict with your work responsibilities, they must be sold before beginning work. In certain roles, employees and their Family Members may be limited to investments in diversified mutual funds only._