Scale is looking for talented data analysts to join the Data Science team to help sift through the millions of transactions and tasks that flow through our system. As a data analyst, you will work across product and operations teams to define needs, build insightful, clear dashboards, and design and run experiments. The ideal candidate is detail oriented, rigorous about testing and validating results, talented at distilling down complexity, and loves tackling and solving hard problems. About Us: Our mission is to bring human intelligence to software applications. By combining machine learning and a human workforce, we’re actively bridging the gap between what software can do and what humans can do. Our current clients include Alphabet, Uber, Procter & Gamble, Houzz, and many more. We raised our Series A from Accel and were one of the top YC companies in our batch. We have breakout revenue and traction and have been growing rapidly. We’re still a small team, and we’re hiring to build a world-class founding team. We’re from Harvard, MIT, and CMU, and previously worked at Dropbox, Quora, Snapchat, Facebook, and Palantir. You will: Identify data and metrics needs for business and product teams, and work closely with them to develop clear dashboards that help these teams operate at their best Build efficient and scalable data pipelines to support future data science efforts, as well as self-service analytics Tackle one-off questions by developing hypotheses and testing and iterating on interim results Communicate your findings across the company succinctly and clearly Design, execute, and analyze experiments Ideally you’d have: 3+ years of industry experience in a highly analytical role Degree in a quantitative field (e.g., Economics, Statistics, Sciences, Engineering) Expert skill at writing SQL to query relational databases Strong communication and presentation skills Comfort setting up and using BI tools An inquisitive nature that applies to both defining metrics and diagnosing data inconsistencies