Dispute Resolution Analyst Landsberg Orora is seeking a Dispute Resolution Analyst. Are you motivated by problem solving? This position will test your dispute resolution experience. This position will report to the: Credit Manager Travel Requirement: No Travel Required FLSA Status : Non-Exempt Landsberg Orora started in 1947, with the philosophy that everything begins and ends with the customer. Today, with locations across North America, Europe and Asia, Landsberg Orora is a market leader in designing custom packaging solutions and supplying a broad range of commodity packaging and stock packaging for our global customers. At Landsberg Orora, we take pride in powering innovations in packaging while ensuring sustainability is fundamental to everything we do. We believe our packaging touches lives and together, we, together as a team, deliver on the promise of what’s inside. From custom packaging design and packaging materials, to prototype development and manufacturing, packaging automation and equipment, kitting and fulfillment, global sourcing, and full-service warehousing and logistics, our packaging consultants develop cutting-edge, innovative solutions that take a product from concept to consumer. It is with this passion and commitment to innovation, we believe in hiring and developing the very best talent by living our core values of Teamwork, Passion, Respect, and Integrity every day. Our vision is to be the industry-leading packaging solutions and displays company. We value Teamwork, Passion, Respect and Integrity. These core values define who we are and how we operate. They shape the way we work with each other, with our customers, and with our communities. Every day, we deliver packaging solutions that exceed our customers’ expectations while solving complex problems as a team. We believe that all team members (irrespective of their role or level), should aspire to distinctive leadership behavior, as we continue to deliver on the promise for our customers, shareholders and each other. Leadership is not tied to a job title, i.e. you don’t need to be accountable for a team to be considered a leader. At Orora leadership is encouraged at every level, within the team. What You’ll be Responsible For in this Role You’ll handle assigned disputes and discrepancies within the Company’s credit policy to decrease discrepant transactions. Each dispute resolution specialist will be required to back up other specialists as needed. Confer with customers by telephone and/or email in an attempt to determine reasons for over-payment, short payment, and quantity or price dispute with customer Research initial cause and potential resolution methods of disputes Investigate and resolve accounts with discrepancies in order to receive past due amounts on account balances Investigate customer complaints regarding billing Input credit collections notes in the customer’s account Prepare adjustments Prepare documentation for sales adjustments As needed, you will meet with Credit Manager/Supervisor to discuss status of aged disputes Report daily on status of assigned open disputes Perform other duties and/or responsibilities as determined by Credit and Collections Manager or VP Physical Agility Please refer to the Orora North America Job Analysis Report. Performs other duties and/or responsibilities as requested Performs other duties and/or responsibilities as requested. What We’re Looking For Minimum Qualifications: High School Diploma or GED equivalent required. Two years’ experience in commercial credit and knowledge of commercial credit laws or training. _Any equivalent combination of related education and/or experience may be considered_ Additional Required Qualifications: Working knowledge and familiarity with Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Office Ability to research transactions and critically interpret data found Ability to record information about financial status of customers and status of resolution efforts Ability to investigate and resolve accounts with discrepancies This position requires the ability to demonstrate the following competencies: § Problem solving and judgment § Teamwork § Self-Structure § Thoroughness § Attention to Detail § Sense of Urgency Preferred Qualifications: SAP experience is preferred Reasonable Accommodations Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. If you are interested in applying for employment with Orora and need special assistance to apply for a posted position, or if you believe you do not meet any of the required qualifications of a posted position due to a protected disability and would like to explore the possibility of an accommodation, please contact our Talent Acquisition team at: careers@ororagroup.com for additional support and guidance What We Offer Our rich benefits packages are designed to support the health and well-being of both our eligible co-workers and their families. Medical Dental Vision Group Life and AD&D; Voluntary Life and AD&D; Group Short-Term Disability Group Long-Term Disability Flexible Spending Accounts Employee Assistance Program Profit Sharing and 401(k) Paid Time Off Equal Employment Opportunity We are an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a culturally diverse organization. We strive for inclusiveness and a workplace where mutual respect is paramount. We encourage applications from a diverse pool of candidates, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, or veteran status. We will provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities, as need, to assist them in performing essential job functions. Recruitment Agencies: Orora does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Orora is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.