PM Group seeks a person with an architectural background and a minimum of 5 years of biotech/biopharma manufacturing facilities and/or R&D laboratory design experience preferred. The successful candidate will work directly with our clients and PM Group internal teams on projects of all scales. Primary responsibilities will include leading the design and planning process for multi-faceted production facilities and overseeing the production and coordination of architectural construction documents under the direction of the Architectural Department Manager. Essential Job functions Provide architectural design for varied projects and client base. Implement the development of preliminary presentations and construction documentation. Coordinate design issues with the in-house engineering team. Participate in company initiatives for quality control and ISO 9000 certification. Work with clients, contractors and local officials under the direction of the project architect to coordinate construction issues. Education and Experience Bachelors of Architecture Degree with 5+ years of architectural experience. Biotech/biopharma and/or R&D laboratory design experience preferred. Other Requirements Registered Architect in Massachusetts LEED AP accreditation an advantage Knowledge and experience with Revit and AutoCAD. Sketch-up, and other 3-D software experience a plus Familiarity and experience with FDA/EU cGMP guidelines is a definite advantage Good report and technical writing skills desired with proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint Experience with aspects of biotech and pharmaceutical industries a definite plus Demonstrating good interpersonal skills, is attentive and approachable Maintains a professional and productive relationship with clients and co-workers Based in Burlington, Massachusetts, PM Group is a leading international engineering, architecture and project management firm. With a network of offices in Europe, Asia and the US and a multi-discipline team of 2,300 people, we deliver complex, capital projects in the pharma, bio-tech, med tech, food, mission critical, advanced manufacturing and energy sectors.