Don’t miss out on this great Application Development Manager (ADM) opportunity in Microsoft’s Premier Support for Developers organization. For the second year in a row, Microsoft has been ranked No. 1 on the list of “Top 50 Employers” by diversity magazine readers. Our team helps enterprise clients and partners to do more through accelerated product adoption, process enablement, and the productive use of developer platforms and Azure solutions. Application Development Managers have the technical skills to provide advisory across the customer solution lifecycle. They provide best practices on Azure app development and influence technical and strategic decisions to ensure positive customer outcomes. Clients benefit from our services in the following ways: Technical Know-How Expert guidance on Azure platform services and disruptive technologies like IoT, Blockchain, AI, OSS/Containers, Augmented Reality, Angular, React, NodeJS and Mobile Dev supporting POC/IOC, design, architecture, and development needs. Performance & Scalability Expert guidance on designing and building solutions to meet performance targets and monitoring that performance in real time. Analytics, Monitoring, & Diagnostics Expert guidance on how to build solutions to gather insights on the user experience, system heath, and business value creation. Learn how to leverage telemetry and insights to implement automated recovery and move toward “self- healing systems”. Availability Expert guidance on building in resilience and fault tolerance for a positive user experience. Operability Expert guidance on how to deliver all components of a solution at high quality; respond quickly to end-user needs including open source technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes. Security, Privacy, and Standards Integrate security and privacy standards into the development process; assess threats and solution vulnerabilities and remediate Modern SW Development Expertise Introduce or advance the use of modern software development techniques and processes to improve outcomes, e.g. Continuous Delivery, Continuous Integration, DevOps including experience with tools like VSTS, Jenkins and Octopus. Production Azure Service Delivery at Scale Enabling the ongoing successful delivery of Azure services for large portfolios and mission critical solutions. We are a fast-growing business, and we need talented individuals with a unique mix of client relationship management and application development skills to join our team. Responsibilities As an ADM, you will provide our clients with access to a wide range of product and application development expertise to help them accelerate their application development cycle and build successful applications. Our goals are our client’s goals, and we work jointly to drive impact and value in their business. Your work will have both proactive, and reactive components. Long-term relationship building with your customers, coupled with your diverse background and experience, will make you a trusted advisor to the customer. You will be expected to make recommendations on application development approach, and services needed to achieve your customer’s desired outcomes. In addition to work with our clients, ADMs often get involved with local schools, communities and organizations like DigiGirlz, which is aimed at helping kids and young adults get excited and interested in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) topics. Key success factors: Customer satisfaction Consistently demonstrates concise and effective communication with customers and employees Contributes to the success of others by sharing best practices with peers throughout Microsoft Consistently establishes and maintains working relationships with internal support delivery teams, customer support teams, customer contracts and material representatives Qualifications Key Stakeholders: This position will have regular contact with other Microsoft roles such as support engineers, Digital Architects, Cloud Solution Architects, Data Solution Architects, Technical Account Managers, Microsoft product groups, service sellers, account executives, managers, and external vendors. Qualifications: Development experience/expertise in one or more of the following technologies is desirable: Programming Languages like Visual Basic, C/C/C++, Python, Java, PHP, R, or others Integrated Development Environments like Visual Studio, VSTS and Eclipse Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) Open Source Software (OSS) experience is a big plus Cloud development and architecture Web application development Relational and non-relational databases technologies Business reporting and analytical technologies Programming infrastructure like .NET Framework Collaboration and communication platforms like SharePoint, Exchange, Lync or Skype. Skill and experience Open minded and inclusive work style with background and experience in developing applications to solve complex business applications. The ability to move between high level design review and “roll up the sleeves” type of assistance across all phases of an application development project. Consistently practices strong organizational, communication, project management, negotiation, and problem-solving skills. Development consulting experience is highly desired. This position may require 30% travel. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.