Join the exciting Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) Storage marketing team as a Strategic Marketing Manager. Leverage your marketing and AI prowess to drive strategy for HPE InfoSight, HPE’s flagship predictive analytics engine that brings Artificial Intelligence (AI) to the data center. This position reports to the Group Manager of HPE Storage Portfolio Marketing within the Storage marketing team. The position is based in San Jose, CA. Looking for a strategic marketing manager that can take ownership of HPE InfoSight and the value proposition of predictive storage as part of the world’s most Intelligent storage portfolio. HPE InfoSight and predictive storage are the lynchpins to the larger HPE strategy moving towards the autonomous data center. In this role, you will develop and evolve the HPE InfoSight/Predictive messaging platform, working with a wide group of stakeholders including product management, sales, GTM teams, brand, analysts and PR/agencies. You will play a critical role in ensuring that HPE sales and channel can articulate our unique value proposition around AI and machine learning for the data center. Manage execution of GTM marketing strategies and tactical plans. Responsible for key content that will further communicate the HPE Storage narrative with sales, as well as injecting differentiation into key storage campaigns. Work with Storage Product Marketing to ensure consistency of messaging across all products. Work with field marketing on driving our narrative throughout local campaigns and events. With the heightened stature of InfoSight within HPE, this position will be highly visible. Responsibilities: Messaging and Positioning: develop relevant messaging that connects HPE InfoSight and predictive storage narrative to the overall HPE Storage strategy around Intelligent storage Develop unique and effective value propositions for how HPE uses Artificial Intelligence (AI) and machine learning to help customers better and more easily manage IT infrastructure. Further promote and incorporate the HPE InfoSight message to other HPE product and solution offerings beyond storage Develop content, web copy and related collateral supporting HPE InfoSight and Predictive storage Actively participate in industry events, social media and marketing activities as a lead evangelist for HPE InfoSight/”AI for the datacenter”/Predictive storage Participate as a critical stakeholder to the global GTM and marketing strategy for the HPE storage portfolio Direct engagement with customers for the development of success stories and case studies Education and Experience Required: BA or BS in Marketing or related field; MBA preferred. 10+ years marketing experience, including offering marketing, segment marketing and partner marketing. Agency, sales and/or channel experience a plus. Knowledge and Skills: Expert knowledge of Artificial Intelligence (AI), analytics, and machine learning. Expert knowledge of marketing principles, practices, tactics and tools. Understanding of the storage/IT industry is a plus. Excellent written/oral communications, including presentation skills. Strong analytical skills. Excellent interpersonal skills. Ability to build, manage and influence virtual teams. Excellent negotiating skills. Ability to interface effectively with all levels of management and functional disciplines. Strong influencing and consensus-building skills. Conflict resolution skills. LI-KN1 Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities. HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.