RCIS - Database Analyst - 180005I8 RCIS (Rural Community Insurance Services) is currently hiring a Database Analyst that will work out of our Anoka, MN office. She/he will have experience working in multi-platform environments. Responsibilities will include working with application development teams and DBA team members to design and implement database objects to support application functionality on SQL Server and IBMi DB2, updating data dictionaries, scripting and preparing changes for production migrations, supporting changes as they migrate to production, query analysis and SQL performance tuning, data quality analysis, database utilization analysis and projections, sharing knowledge and expertise with team members. RCIS is a fast-paced culture with firm timelines, so this person must be able to deliver results despite distractions, manage multiple or changing priorities, and be highly organized. Client Internally Focused - The job’s core deliverables rely on delivering service to internal clients, usually at the line manager or employee level. May involve sharing subject matter expertise to others in the organization or supporting others in their efforts to deliver on our promise. Basic Qualifications: Bachelors Degree and 4 or more years of experience in the IT area OR High School Diploma or Equivalent and 6 or more years of experience in the IT area OR Zurich Certified Insurance Apprentice including an Associate Degree and 4 or more years of experience in the IT area AND Experience in database administration Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of Crop Insurance Industry and/or RCIS databases and data Prior experience with Structured Query Language (SQL) Experience with SQL query/performance tuning and SQL best practices Knowledge and/or experience with SQL Server 2014 technology stack including SSIS and SSRS Experience implementing database object changes and database user security Experience working with data modeling and data replication Prior experience working with Agile development methodologies Able to work effectively in a team environment; detail oriented; strong organization skills; strong written and oral communication skills; self-motivated Good analytical and problem solving skills Ability to establish and maintain effective relationships with internal and external customers Strong working knowledge of Microsoft applications such as Word, Excel and Visio Imagine working for a company that truly cares about their employees, customers, stakeholders, and communities they serve. Imagine working for a values-driven organization that has the ambition and desire to be the best global insurance provider in the world. Zurich is that place where 55,000 employees across approximately 200 countries and territories are all focused on helping people and helping companies protect what is truly most important to them. We are a values-driven organization that takes pride in the work that we do every day and we have the ambition to be the best global insurer in the world. EOE Disability / Veterans Zurich does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or employment agencies. Any unsolicited resume will become the property of Zurich American Insurance. If you are a preferred vendor, please use our Recruiting Agency Portal for resume submission. Primary Location : United States-Minnesota-Anoka Schedule : Full-time Travel : No Relocation Available : No Job Posting : 07/07/18 Unposting Date : Ongoing