JOB SUMMARY: The Financial Analyst is responsible for data collection and analysis. The Financial Analyst role supports the FP &A team in their mission to provide strategic planning, financial analysis, business intelligence and internal consulting across all O’Reilly business units. The Business Analyst, focuses on the Platform side of the business and primarily serves internal teams to O’Reilly; for example, Finance, Marketing, Sales and the Management team. The Financial Analyst, by producing clear and effective reporting, enables people to make informed decisions regarding issues critical to their business. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Work closely with the Learning team to provide in depth programmatic support. I.e. profitability by product type, learning effectiveness metrics, etc. Work closely with Editorial team to provide content related metrics. e. usage and attendance metrics on courses, metrics on video consumption, etc. Leverage existing corporate systems and recommend enhancements, changes, or new systems to support SaaS KPIs and reporting. Perform variance and trend analysis between actual, budget and forecast targets for our SaaS business. Design both recurring and ad hoc analysis on key business metrics and present findings in a clear and actionable format to give management visibility and support decision making. Work directly with functional VPs, Directors and Finance leadership to develop rolling financial forecasts and key performance indicators. Support the broader FP &A group with sales and customer reporting. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES 1 - 3+ years experience in an analyst role. Strong quantitative skills. Excellent attention to detail. Ability to effectively communicate analysis and insight to all levels of the organization. Sufficient understanding and application of data presentation theory and best practices. A passion for problem solving through investigation and inquiry. Ability to work effectively in groups while comfortably executing tasks with a high level of independence. Advanced to Expert knowledge of Microsoft Excel. Experience with Microsoft Access. Familiar with advanced data visualization tools such as Tableau. Sound understanding of reporting/data process flow. Understanding of basic business concepts, with a specific focus on financial and accounting principles. Oracle Business Intelligence is a plus.