It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they are doing! _We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business._ Job Description TITLE: Real Time Analyst LOCATION: Warren, MI STATUS: Full -Time/Non Exempt At Concentrix we are fanatical about our staff and clients. We are tenacious in our pursuit of excellence and of high quality service. We’re not afraid of being bold and disruptive in the marketplace and we like shaking things up. We take our values seriously and they are threaded into everything that we do - we are ONE CONCENTRIX. Join us and BE the Difference for the world’s best brands! Career Description/Summary: Under limited supervision, the Workforce Analyst will be responsible for monitoring intraday call center operations, real-time adherence and generating workforce schedules to ensure appropriate agent coverage to achieve Service Level metrics. The successful candidate will analyze real-time call volume patterns and various agent phone states using a combination of workforce scheduling software and real-time queue management software, making necessary skill changes to ensure calls are answered according to established goals. Hours of operation are Monday – Friday between 7:00 AM and 9:00 PM and could be on a rotating basis. The most likely shift will be 10:00 AM – 7:00 PM. Duties: Re-Forecast interval and daily transaction volumes (inbound, outbound, and casework), handle times and other production metrics by group and report on actual vs. forecasted volumes, service level, occupancy, Average Speed to Answer as well as other contact center metrics. Responsible for analyzing and administering schedule optimization for the Warren Call Center (CEC); including time off request, over time etc. Accurately enter information into IEX Approve and administer real time exceptions Entering and tracking of Intraday Staffing Adjustments (ISA) as well as overtime Tracking, monitoring and reporting of system down time and processes across the BU’s Collaborate with Command Center to understand/improve the accuracy of the data provided Perform various ad hoc analyses, formulate conclusions and present conclusions to varying levels of Management Ability to manage multiple activities at one time in a high-pressure environment Accurately report technical issues to the Command Center during technical incidents Education/Knowledge: High School Graduation or equivalent; Knowledge of MS Office and Excel; Knowledge of general scheduling practices Experience / Skill Qualifications: 1 - 2 years’ experience working in a Call Center Environment; clear understanding of basic workforce management principles. Minimum of one year of experience working in Real-Time Adherence preferred Minimum of one year of experience in monitoring and analysis of customer contacts in a contact center real time environment preferred. Thorough knowledge of IEX TotalView Highly innovative and creative thinker Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to prioritize effectively, have demonstrated independent decision making capabilities and have strong organizational skills Working knowledge of industry standard contact center technology (ACD, IVR, Network Features), reporting automation applications Able to work with others in a highly collaborative way: listens to others’ input, values outside perspectives, continuously seeks feedback Comprehensive understanding of contact center metrics Proficiency in the following tools are ideal: Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Excel (including knowledge of Macros), CCPulse, Avaya CMS, Siebel, GAA (Global Advisor Application). Additional Comments: Other duties are required. Internal Recruitment Process: Interested applicants are requested to ensure that they forward a completed internal application to the assigned Recruitment Specialist prior to the specified deadlines. It is the employee's responsibility to ensure that the assigned Recruitment Specialist receives their complete Internal Application by the specified deadline. A complete internal application includes the following: Completion of online application form and submission of Internal Reference Document to Team Leader/ Manager in time for completion and submission to the assigned Recruitment Specialist prior to the specified posting deadline. Posting Requirements: Applicants must have met and sustained the performance criteria in their current position for the past 3 months (including attendance, performance metrics and schedule commitment) to be considered for this role. What we Offer: Concentrix provides our associates with: Career Pathing and Advancement Opportunities Competitive salary Monthly performance incentives Health insurance (Eligibility requirements must be met) The Company: Concentrix is a high-value global business services company. With more than 90,000 staff in 25 countries, we focus on customer engagement and all that supports it. We do so by partnering with clients to improve the customer experience and business outcomes. For information, recent news, and to follow Concentrix on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Google+ and YouTube, visit www.concentrix.com. Concentrix - A SYNNEX Corporation Company (NYSE: SNX) is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer M/F/D/V and is committed to the Quality Policy WE Drive Results... WE Deliver Service Excellence... WE Act With Integrity... WE Are One Team Concentrix is an equal opportunity employer. Concentrix evaluates qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, disability status or any other legally protected characteristic.