Graduation from accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in a field related to the job, plus two (2) years of related experience. Experience may substitute for education up to the maximum of four (4) years. Licenses or Certifications: None Notes to Applicants Austin Resource Recovery (a department within the City of Austin) is looking to hire a candidate to assist with various Residential Quality Services (RQS) initiatives. In particular, the Quality Assurance Division of Austin Resource Recovery is looking for an employee with strong analytical and report writing skills to complete multiple projects. Specific work tasks include assisting with conducting various internal audits, updating and validating compliance measures, monitoring the department’s performance measures, collecting and analyzing data, and developing reports based off of performed analysis that include recommendations for management. Other duties may be assigned as required. The successful candidate will have excellent communication skills and report writing abilities. The ideal candidate will have a understanding of Six Sigma fundamentals. Familiarity of Municipal Solid Waste systems is a plus. A competency assessment may be required to verify your skill set. This posting may be used to fill other similar positions within Austin Resource Recovery outside of the division listed above. A detailed and complete employment application is required to help us better evaluate your qualifications and will be used to determine salary if you are selected for this position. Your application should reflect your complete employment history (to include all job duties responsibilities and employment dates) on your online application. The application is an official document; incomplete applications will not be considered (e.g., “see resume” or “see Linked In Profile”). The responses to the supplemental questions inquiring about experience should be reflected on your application. Driving on City business: This position must travel between various locations as part of the regular job duties and individual may be required to drive own personal vehicle or City vehicle. A driving record verification will be conducted. Applicants for positions for which City driving is an essential function must meet the standards of the program: age 18 or older, current applicable driver’s license, and proof of insurability. A check will be made of moving violations and points assessed on Driver Record Evaluation (DRE) based on Department of Public Safety (DPS) Driver Record Report. This position falls under the COA safe driver program requirements. Go to the Driver Safety Program for more information: Click Here To View Driver Safety Program Veteran candidates will be required to provide a copy of their DD214 at the time of interview. NOTE: All Austin Resource Recovery locations are tobacco-free. Use of tobacco products and/or e-cigarettes is not permitted on any ARR worksite – including parking lot or in any personal vehicle located on the premises. Pay Range $22.83 – $28.39 Hours Monday – Friday, 8:00 a.m – 5:00 p.m Employee may be required to work some early mornings (6:00 am), after hours and some weekends due to business needs Job Close Date 08/21/2018 Type of Posting External Department Austin Resource Recovery Regular/Temporary Regular Grant Funded or Pooled Position Not Applicable Category Professional Location 1520 Rutherford Lane Preferred Qualifications Experience developing professional reports, to include conducting quantitative analysis Experience monitoring and analyzing databases and associated data A minimum Texas Class “C” license or the ability to acquire before the date of hire. Experience conducting field and contamination audits Experience researching local, state, and federal regulations and standards Duties, Functions and Responsibilities Essential duties and functions, pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, may include the following. Other related duties may be assigned. 1\. Collects, analyzes, and oversees data entry on relevant quality performance indicators or measures. 2\. Maintains a database in order to perform trend analysis and provides statistical reporting of trends, other quality reviews, and associated activities 3\. Monitors and evaluates appropriateness of facility quality management plans and practices. 4\. Designs, schedules and conducts quality reviews as appropriate to the facility or service; performs or coordinates chart and/or other medical record reviews and records and/or abstracts specific relevant data as appropriate. 5\. Coordinates the development or various reports regarding performance of quality indicators or measures. 6\. Participates in the planning, development, coordination, and presentation of specific training and educational programs as appropriate to the quality management needs of the facility or service. 7\. Collaborates and consults with other associated facilities regarding current quality management issues and activities. 8\. Provides quality and compliance assessments of third parties and recommends solutions 9\. Reviews, analyzes and ensures compliance with all related local, state, and federal laws and guidelines 10\. Prepares work papers, summaries, and reports 11\. Provides guidance and recommendations to management in the development and completion of the performance based budget measures Responsibilities \- Supervision and/or Leadership Exercised: None Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Must possess required knowledge, skills, abilities and experience and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Knowledge of financial and economic analysis Knowledge of applicable City of Austin, state, and federal statutes, ordinances, and codes. Knowledge of research methodologies, cost/benefit analysis, statistics, and financial models. Knowledge of accounting practices and procedures Knowledge of quality review practices and procedures Knowledge of performance based measurements and competitive analysis Knowledge of municipal finance and accounting Skilled in communication both verbal and written Skilled in team dynamics Skilled in negotiation of projects and programs. Skilled in engaging stakeholders and facilitating accurate requirements to capture and manage stakeholder's expectations. Ability to assess current operations on an ongoing basis and implement required changes Does this job require a criminal background investigation? This position requires a criminal background investigation EEO/ADA City of Austin is committed to compliance with the American Disabilities Act. If you require reasonable accommodation during the application process or have a question regarding an essential job function, please call (512) 974-3210 or TTY (512) 974-2445. Information For City Employees: If you are an employee within the department, are in good standing and meet both the minimum and preferred qualifications, then you will receive an initial interview.