Cloud Infrastructure Architect - 18000LGS Preferred Qualifications Do you like thinking about how to make largescale deployments that have a lot of moving parts more reliable? Are you comfortable attempting a problem that has never been solved before? Are you someone who thinks about how you can make things better? Are you hands on, driving for excellence and thrive with challenging high scale problems? We are a newly formed group within Oracle working on solving some really hard problems in the areas of chatbots, mobile, cognitive services, analytics and AR. We are like a start-up inside a large company with a big charter and lot of creative freedom. We have assembled some of the smartest people in the industry and are growing this team. As a Cloud Infrastructure Architect, you’ll define how to use latest technologies to identify and optimize the operational efficiency. You will be responsible for the infrastructure and reliability of PaaS services including chatbots, mobile, cognitive services, analytics and AR. You will work with a team pushing the boundaries of scalable, self-healing, autonomous platform built on Kubernetes, Docker, Prometheus, and Grafana. We are looking for someone who is passionate about: Strong knowledge of Kubernetes and related technologies Own end-to-end availability, reliability, and performance of our PaaS services on Oracle public cloud Architect a highly scaleable, performance optimized infrastructure which elastically handles customer needs Innovate, Design, and prototype infrastructure solutions for Bots platform to handle heavy loads Build and maintain our platform and automation frameworks to ensure maximum uptime and predictability while preventing outages and service interruptions or degradations Analyze system failures and develop rapid response solutions to ensure such failures do not reoccur Work cross-functionally with product development, Product management, Program Management and Cloud Infra operations teams Partner with Engineering to provide the infrastructure and services required to enable innovation Predict and provide notice of potential system vulnerabilities for current and future solutions and implementations. Provide specific recommendations and guidance to address such vulnerabilities Develop and manage processes and metrics that ensure maximum reliability and uptime for our customers Analyze, build and maintain all automation tools and processes to ensure the highest standards of reliability and robustness Fully understand our customers’ service needs and ensure we meet these needs Preferred Qualifications 5+ years of experience as Cloud Infra architect with experience building large and geographically disperse infrastructure supporting business critical cloud services Experience creating effective cloud infrastructure solutions that ensure a high level of performance Experience managing complex deployments Successful track record of building and maintaining infrastructure including required monitoring, testing, and tooling Experience with Agile and DevOps methodologies Effective verbal, written communication and interpersonal skills including interfacing with customers on a professional and cooperative level Able to develop and maintain strong relationships with Oracle customers BS degree in Computer Science or related degree or equivalent experience Chatbot, mobile, cognitive services knowledge is a plus No matter your role in our team, you will find yourself in an exciting and challenging environment where every person is empowered to show initiative, be outspoken, and be proactive and not reactive. Oracle is dedicated to the continual growth and development of its staff, striving constantly to strengthen our expertise as well as develop new skills. Our team is spread all around the world in four continents - we provide a full range of opportunities and challenges to apply your kills and grow your career in this new and exciting arena. Detailed Description and Job Requirements Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will take an active role in the definition and evolution of standard practices and procedures. Suggest and justify product directions within approved directions. Define responsibilities for new projects and specifies, designs and develops software according to those specifications. Provide consultative software guidance and strategic direction associated with the developing, designing and debugging of software applications or operating systems. Acknowledged expert/professional within company and/or industry nationally and internationally. Provides leadership in the development and strategic direction of new products, processes, techniques. Acts as primary consultant on large projects that effect the organizations long term objectives / strategy. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 10 more years of software engineering or related experience. Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.