Data Quality Manager - 3DIMG Description : M &T; Bank Enterprise Data Office Data Quality Manager Cheektowaga, NY Basic Function : The Data Quality team within the Enterprise Data Office is responsible for improving the data quality throughout the organization. The Data Quality Team will create a framework to define data quality activities along with an approach to partner on these activities with data stewards and other governance roles within the business. The Data Quality team is expected to perform typical data quality activities (data quality rule creation, edit checks, identification of issues, root cause analysis, value case analysis, remediation planning, and 2nd line of defense monitoring). Position Responsibilities Help manage the day-to-day project activities related to data quality. Direct and monitor resources which may or may not include direct supervisory responsibilities, but rather participants’ project activities to ensure completion of data quality project(s). Provide input to managers on project participants’ performance appraisals as requested. May be responsible on an individual basis for directing the most complex, critical and highly visible data quality initiatives for division. Provide strategic direction and management of the planning, development, and implementation of various projects and initiatives in support of the Enterprise Data Office and Data Quality team. Perform data quality activities (data quality rule creation, edit checks, identification of issues, root cause analysis, value case analysis, remediation planning, and 2nd line of defense monitoring). Drive improvements to maximize value of data quality (e.g. drive changes to have access to required metadata to maximize impact of DQ, quantify the cost/impact of poor data quality). Develop KPI’s and KRI’s for the data quality function. Drive business adoption of data quality activities. Promote education in data management areas throughout the bank – design creative training materials and ensure effective dissemination (including in person training events). Develop and produce complex ad hoc and automated departmental reports and spreadsheets to include but not limited to project or product strategy analysis, profitability, historical reporting, work flow analysis, and financial analysis. Manage budget, P&L; reporting and other business reporting related to data quality. Report variances to senior management. Perform complex analyses to support business decisions. Provide feedback to management regarding results. Make recommendations on findings to management. Develop a thorough and expert understanding of the data quality business and its functions, processes and operations. Keep abreast of business and market trends that may affect the business/department. Define and participate in the achievement of short and long-term business objectives. May be involved, to some extent, in some or all of the following: (i) setting policy or developing and overseeing the implementation of procedures or controls related to compliance requirements within the overall business processes; (ii) directly or indirectly monitoring functions that, on a day-to- day basis, ensure that the procedures and controls are functioning as designed (e.g., reviewing and resolving exception reports or ensuring that exception reporting is occurring and/or providing reporting and trending of data for management), (iii) developing training of business line personnel regarding procedures and controls designed to ensure compliance with laws and/or regulations, (iv) performing or overseeing embedded compliance self-testing, or (v) managing examinations or audits involving regulatory matters and any resultant corrective actions. Nature & Scope: The position requires substantial interaction with internal contacts at senior management level, as well as external contacts in order to obtain pertinent information. The position acts as liaison between department and other bank personnel on various projects. The incumbent is responsible for the overall coordination and management of projects at the division and department level to include day-to-day project supervision of project participants. This position will be responsible for concurrently managing large scale projects. Will need to know how to work within the organization and gain an understanding of the perspectives of others. Supervisory Responsibility This position may have managerial authority with respect to hiring, termination, performance evaluations, and salary recommendations. Ability to provide coaching, mentoring and feedback to direct reports. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in an applicable field such as Business, Finance, Statistics, Marketing or MIS, or the equivalent in work experience. Ten (10) or more years of professional experience Proficient in the Microsoft Office Suite (especially PowerPoint and Excel) Ideal Qualifications Preferred: MBA or other advanced degree Strong communication skills. Strong experience in data quality: DQ value, DQ processes and approach, DQ tools Strong experience in data related activities (metadata, data governance) Two or more years of experience working within the Finance or Risk functions Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Experience working with colleagues spread across multiple global locations Strong attention to detail. About M &T; At M&T;, we understand what’s important when you’re considering a career change: a company with a solid history of responsible growth and positive earnings. A company committed to the communities it services, one that rewards performance and provides employees with opportunities to direct their own career paths. M&T; is a company with a focus on the future. LI-KB1 Primary Location : New York-Cheektowaga-80 Holtz Drive Job Field : Administrative and Support Services Schedule : Full-time Job Posting Jun 8, 2018, 10:07:28 AM Unposting Date Ongoing