Role/Responsibilities: Document BRD, User story, evaluate story points, acceptance criterion Schedule and facilitate project team meetings, and document and distribute meeting minutes as applicable to ensure all team members are informed and issues are addressed. Discuss with client Product Managers to discuss Features and create User stories Explain user stories/requirements to developers, testers and answer questions, review deliverables May serve as Test Coordinator for large project initiatives involving multiple applications to ensure all testing needs are met across all interfacing applications Participate in and document data mapping for integration of systems 3+ years’ experience as Product Owner. Deep Knowledge and Experience in Agile execution model and used Rally/JIRA or other tools Excellent Communication, Leadership and Business Facing Skills Knowledge in Issuing/Authorization/Acquiring/Settlement/Clearing Domain Experience working on projects in Cards and Payments domain Other skills/additional details: Experience in SAFe - Nice to have Experience working with Offshore teams and willing to work in Onsite Offshore model – Must have. Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Business-To-Consumer PL1 Desired 2 Business Scorecard PL1 Required 3 Business Control Center PL1 Required 4 Agile PL1 Required 5 Agile PLM PL1 Desired 6 Business Services PL1 Required Domain Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Networks NA Desired Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Phoenix, Arizona, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 10 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.