Qualifications ESSENTIAL QUALIFICATIONS: Related BA/BS and two years of work experience in the areas of database design and administration, or, unrelated BA/BS and four years of work experience in the areas of database design and administration. Experience in troubleshooting and resolving desktop, server, and network issues Experience in providing technical support for Microsoft Dynamics application support. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Excellent verbal and written communication skills, attention to detail, and effective problem-solving, organizational, and decision-making abilities. Demonstrated ability to meet deadlines, prioritize tasks, manage projects, and work independently. Experience and knowledge of Microsoft Windows operating systems, Microsoft Office platforms, and server administration. SQL Server, Microsoft Dynamics 365, and Great Plains certifications. PeopleSoft experience. About the Job Hiring salary range: $59,000-$72,000 depending on qualifications This position is located within Classroom Technical Services (CTS) - a unit within the Office of Classroom Management (OCM) - that supports the unique needs of educational and research environments by offering design, installation, and maintenance services for classroom technology. The duties of this position will include both leading and supporting the IT, Server and Software administration, telecommunications equipment, and associated Network devices for the department’s technical, engineering, service, and administrative ISO university staff. This position will monitor system servers, processes, and resources, and will help troubleshoot when problems arise. Additionally, this position will recommend solutions/changes to system settings/business processes or identify work-arounds to be implemented until permanent fixes can be made. The purpose of the work performed is for the identification, design, assessment, installation, and maintenance of all related IT, AV, telecommunications, hardware, software and related network peripheral devices and resources in the support of the ISO for the design, installation, delivery and service of AV/IT goods and services for U-Wide Classroom, Boardroom, meeting room, Teaching, Learning and Conferencing technologies. System(s) Administration: (50%) Responsible for technical and administrational operations & maintenance for the CTS servers and systems. Responsible for Server Network Administration with OIT Department managers. Responsible for establishing policies and procedures necessary to meet department and client needs. Provide support for special applications requiring extensive knowledge & expertise for university-wide ISO services. Work with internal. & external vendors on developing solutions for unique software issues. Update and upgrade server(s) to latest service packs and security updates. Add/Remove/Adjust user access to CTS servers and systems, keeping accurate records for all users. Assist in the rapid and thorough resolution of production issues. Evaluate, document, and report issues to management and vendor. Evaluate issue patterns to plan and execute process improvements and system upgrades. Ensure documentation of business requirements and create detailed functional/technical specifications. Maintain in-depth knowledge of all business processes in one or multiple business areas. Work with IT internal and external contract support resources regarding system administration duties. Function as CTS application(s) expert. Maintenance and Enhancements: (25%) Define configuration steps for standard setup, troubleshoot problems, and recommend configuration process improvements. Resolve complex hardware/software compatibility concerns. Develop installation scripts, tests, and programs to meet system requirements. Perform routine duties with maintaining network/domain via WBOB hosted virtual server farm for efficiency and security, data and files for data correctness and back-up, applications for usability and licensing, and servers for uptime and performance. Provide network hardware and software support for Microsoft Dynamics 365 & GP, Microsoft PDK, SQL Reports, EFS software, Perceptive Content software, software to support AV engineering, Windows 10, MS Office, and PeopleSoft Financial IT software processes. Maintain all related IT documentation, libraries, procedures, and disaster recovery planning procedures. Research, recommend and test hardware and service packages for OCM-CTS. Assist with maintaining network configuration files. Manage and administer telecommunications plans and accounts for ISO staff. Participate in IT-related projects, IT-related procurement, and assist in developing resolutions and solutions for IT technical issues. User Support: (20%) Develop and deliver training programs to end users. Lead the development of new support procedures and standards to increase effectiveness and efficiency. Provide support for complex computing environment in areas of hardware, software, and network. Check and report on users’ desktops, laptops, and workstation performance. Provide technical support for users as required, for desktops, mobile devices, printers, and peripherals Maintain extensive library of user training aids and materials as needed. Assist in creating reports and queries as requested by users. Other: (5%) Perform other duties as assigned including deptartmental projects not related to primary job functions. Assist in the development of process improvements and attaining departmental goals related to improving efficiency, cost effectiveness, and customer service for ASR. This position offers the following benefits: University paid contribution (10% of your salary) to your retirement account - vested immediately. 22 paid vacation days per year, in addition to paid medical leave and 11 paid holidays. Reduced tuition opportunities covering 75% - 100% of eligible tuition. Excellent and affordable health care benefits. Wellness program with opportunity to earn lower health care rates. Free disability insurance. Free basic life insurance benefit (115% base salary, $200,000 maximum). About the Department The mission of Academic Support Resources (ASR) is to make a positive difference in students’ lives. ASR is committed to cultivating and sustaining an environment that is diverse, equitable, and inclusive. We are better able to serve and represent our University community by ensuring we value differences and individuality. The knowledge, skills, and abilities of all ASR employees include job knowledge, communication, problem solving/analysis, development, leadership, teamwork, and customer service. The Office of Classroom Management (OCM) directly supports high quality teaching and learning by faculty and students in University classrooms. OCM is the central point of contact, and single point of responsibility and accountability, for all general purpose classroom and study space issues. OCM is a national leader in the coordination and operation of classrooms, and is focused on the continual improvement of teaching and learning environments. How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. After completing the online application, please upload the following documents to ensure full consideration: A cover letter which expresses your interest in and qualifications for the position. Your updated resume. Names and contact information for three professional references who are willing to speak freely about your qualifications and character. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.