IOActive is the only security consultancy with a global presence and deep expertise in hardware, software, and wetware assessments. Our mission is to make certain our clients are more secure in an era of pervasive and emerging threats. IT SUPPORT ADMINISTRATOR Job Description This IT position is a member of the IT & Security Team and reports to the Vice President Information Technology & Security. The ideal candidate will have helpdesk and SharePoint experience, strong demonstrated IT administrative skills and the ability to recommend, implement and maintain a wide spectrum of IT solutions. As a key member of the IT team, this role offers the opportunity to leverage strong project management skills and in-depth IT experience to make a direct and tangible impact on our organization. The successful candidate is internally driven and is always seeking improvement. Essential Job Functions Maintain and administer enterprise systems and networks that support mission- critical business operations Manage enterprise Linux and Microsoft infrastructure (including Active Directory, Exchange and SharePoint). Work with senior leadership and principals to design and implement IT infrastructure solutions that align with business requirements Benchmark, analyze, report on, and make recommendations for the improvement of IT infrastructure and processes Participate heavily as a hands-on technical member of the team Support a 24/7 service-based organization by participating in an on-call rotation Execution of Tier 1 – 3 service desk tasks Maintain the security of client and proprietary data Test and maintain backup infrastructure Provide support for remote offices globally including a physical presence at two separate Seattle locations Required Skills Highly motivated with the ability to drive results Strong interpersonal skills Self-starter with high energy to meet the needs of a demanding business and IT environment Ability to work effectively with strong and diverse personalities 2+ years of system administration experience including hands-on experience with: Development/implementation of IT projects IT helpdesk support Microsoft product administration Administration of Juniper infrastructure including routing, switching, firewalls, and VPNs. Experience designing and supporting multi-site networks is a must. 24/7 support of critical systems Linux operating systems Server virtualization (VMWare, Hyper-V, etc.) Automation through scripting in any POSIX environment (preferably Bash) Administration of a Microsoft server environment including Active Directory, Exchange and SharePoint. Configuration of devices and networks for optimum security Preferred: Professional security certification such as CISSP, GIAC GSEC or equivalent Strong familiarity with security practices and tools highly desirable PowerShell scripting experience Skills in management of Cisco ASA-based appliances Experience using infrastructure automation and configuration management tools