Age of Learning is a leading education technology innovator based in Glendale, California, with a talented team of more than 600 individuals—from educators, developers, artists, writers, designers, and engineers, to producers, product managers, and marketing experts. We are the creators of the award-winning ABCmouse.com ® _Early Learning Academy_ curriculum, experienced by more than 10 million children worldwide who have completed over 3 billion Learning Activities to date. We are committed to helping _every_ child learn. Our Education Access Initiatives reach millions of children by offering the full ABCmouse curriculum at no cost to teachers and community institutions such as libraries, Head Start programs, and community centers—including public housing authorities and after-school programs. At Age of Learning, we are _Bringing Learning to Life_ ®! Summary We are seeking a full-time Game Designer to add to our in-house International team. In this role, you will be responsible for helping establish the vision for each game through close collaboration with our ELL Lead designer, Curriculum and internal production teams. You will help guide the development of each game that ensures it is both fun to learn and to play. Tasks include developing initial concepts with the ELL product owner and other ELL designers, working with educational advisers to insure seamless curricular integration, providing clear documentation to the production team and evaluating deliverables. The position requires a high attention to detail and the ability to react to the needs of creating a fun game experience that works across a vast variety of browsers and devices. Responsibilities Play a key role in the game design through all production phases-from concept to implementation, and finally to release Design, define and maintain all game mechanics, character use, storylines, assets lists, AI behaviors, text and dialogue with comprehensive documentation Assist in the overall design of UI screens, supporting screens and game levels Design curricular elements of the gameplay experience with support and input from educational advisors Review game deliverables Required Qualifications Game design experience on 3 or more published projects A passion for creating high-quality, games that educate and entertain children A deep knowledge and understanding of current trends and use in all areas of gaming (i.e., mobile, browser, social, etc.) Strong creative and editorial skills Ability to understand technical parameters as they apply to design implementations Work well within cross-functional teams, educational, marketing, etc. Preferred Qualifications Knowledge of international markets Developing educational games or games for kids Have worked on casual, mobile and/or classic arcade type games