WJBK is seeking an enthusiastic and creative Director of Broadcast Operation to supervise the technical operation in our studios, news production control room and master control. Duties will include: Manage day-to-day broadcast operations. Address operational issues. Schedule technical staff and stage crews. Manage studio operations schedule. Oversee standard operating procedures in technical areas and help create new procedures. Work with the Programming and Traffic departments on contingency plans for broadcast schedules. Establish and administer on-going in-house training programs. Conduct monthly tests and drills to maintain technical staff readiness. Plan for special events. Other duties as deemed appropriate to be assigned. Qualifications : The successful candidate must have a minimum Bachelor's Degree in a related field or equivalent broadcast experience in television news production and master control operations. Candidate should have 5 years engineering-operations experience working in a TV broadcast news environment plus a minimum 2 years' experience working in a TV broadcast or related media supervisory or management position. Candidate should have an in-depth knowledge of broadcast technical operations and equipment, strong organizational and communication skills, as well as, a proven track record in operational project management. Must be able to thrive in a fast-paced, rapidly-changing work environment. Applicant must be a self-starter with critical-thinking abilities. Candidate must have an aptitude for creating and implementing written procedures and directives, as required. Experience in a union environment is strongly preferred. Must have the ability to establish and maintain harmonious relationships with technical and staging staff, while maintaining company confidentiality. Strong knowledge of digital video systems. Must have the ability to work effectively with the IT department when implementing new systems or troubleshooting existing broadcast computer systems and networks. _We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable law._