Job Description Lead Fulfillment Associate Amazon’s North American Customer Fulfillment team is looking for Lead Fulfillment Associates to join its growing team! Fulfillment Centers are where Associates bring Amazon orders to life for our customers. Lead Fulfillment Associates hold various roles within the Fulfillment Center including, but not limited to: Trainer, Data Analyst, Process Assistant and Shipping Clerk! All role types will include performing production duties as needed: pick/pack orders, receive/stow product, ensure inventory accuracy, and unload/load trucks at or above the rate expectation for each task. Lead Fulfillment Associates will also be responsible for motivating others and keeping their work areas safe! Things to know about working in an Amazon Fulfillment Center: We’re committed to providing a safe work environment. This means you wear a reflective vest, stretch and recognize others for working safely. We have a relaxed, casual dress code (as long as your attire meets our safety requirements). We work to regulate our sites as much as possible, but even with climate controls the noise and temperature levels can vary day to day. Hearing protection is available. You may be asked to work on a secure mezzanine at a height of up to 40 feet, or on powered equipment (forklift, cherry picker, etc.). Hourly Pay Rate: $18.50 Benefits include health care (medical, dental, vision) coverage starting on day 1 as well as 401(k) with company match, holiday/overtime pay, Restricted Stock Units, employee discounts and Variable Compensation Pay (a bonus based upon personal and site performance criteria). Relocation assistance is not provided. For consideration, a resume must be uploaded to your profile! Successful candidates will be required to pass a post offer, pre-employment drug screen. Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation Basic Qualifications A high school diploma or equivalent Are at least 18 years old, and authorized to work in the United States Able to work 40 hours/week, and overtime as required Able to lift up to 49 pounds, stand/walk for up to 10-12 hours, and be able to frequently push, pull, squat, bend and reach, all with or without reasonable accommodation 2+ years of work experience or a completed Associate’s Degree 1+ year of experience working with computers and Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel) Preferred Qualifications A completed Bachelor’s Degree 1+ year of leadership experience directly managing others 1+ year working in a like environment (manufacturing/distribution/warehousing/large retail) Experience with performance metrics and lean process improvement Excellent written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills to coach, train and assist team members