Who we want _Challengers_ _–_ _People who seek out the hard projects and work to find just the right solutions._ _Teammates –_ _Partners who listen to ideas, share thoughts and work together to move the business forward._ _Initiative_ _\- People who take ownership of deliverables, seek out opportunities and drive projects to completion_ _Problem Solving_ _– People who can take on complex problems and make data based decisions_ _Communication_ _– People who can communicate project progress, data analysis and conclusions effectively_ _Responsibility_ _– People who see things through to completion and take personal accountability for end results_ What you will do As a Manager of Quality, you will be involved in a fast paced mix of short design change efforts and longer term NPI projects. As an Associate Manager, your role will vary between being the project team member representing Quality on some projects while managing that team member on others. You will be responsible for product risk management and adherence to design control requirements throughout the product lifecycle. You will make regular use of problem solving tools and statistical analysis to perform or support test method development and validation, design verification, risk assessment and design reviews. You will be responsible for product testing and failure analysis, writing protocols and reports, creating and maintaining risk files and assessing the impact of necessary changes to our products. NV products push the boundaries of technology to meet ever increasing product performance requirements, making the goal of assessing and demonstrating, safety, performance and compliance an exciting challenge. What you definitely need (basic requirements) Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Science or similar field 8+ years of experience in a technical role 4+ years of experience in Medical Devices or Pharmaceutical industry Previous experience in managing employees Experience in Design Control and/or Risk Management Experience leading projects, processes or people And we would prefer that you have Ability to influence across all levels in an organization The company Stryker is one of the world’s leading medical technology companies and, together with its customers, is driven to make healthcare better. The company offers innovative products and services in Orthopaedics, Medical and Surgical, and Neurotechnology and Spine that help improve patient and hospital outcomes. More information is available at www.stryker.com . The Division Stryker’s Neurovascular division is focused on advancing the practice of less invasive stroke therapies through its Complete Stroke Care solutions. The business is dedicated to providing innovative stroke products and services for ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke, and committed to providing clinical education and support to help physicians deliver better patient outcomes. Products include: stent retrievers, detachable coils, stents, balloons, guidewires and microcatheters. In March 2017, Stryker Corporation (NYSE:SYK) announced that for the sixth consecutive year has been named as one of the 2016 FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For ranking 16 out of 100. Our mission Together with our customers, we are driven to make healthcare better. If this is you and this is where you want to be, apply now! Work From Home: No Travel Percentage: Up to 25% Stryker Corporation is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. Stryker is an EO employer – M/F/Veteran/Disability. Stryker Corporation will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.