As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For a complete description of our benefits for this position, please visit our website, click here. As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for four consecutive years. The Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology is involved with teaching, patient care, and research in the areas of normal and abnormal human reproduction: growth and development of the fetus, normal and complicated obstetrics, and surgical and medical diseases of the female reproductive system, including reproductive endocrinology and infertility, oncology, infectious disease, psychosocial problems, preventive health care, and ethics. The department also provides primary and preventive health care for women. The Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology currently has an outstanding opportunity for an ADMINISTRATOR - PROGRAM OPERATIONS. The Program Administrator (PA) is responsible for the day-to-day administration of the ACGME accredited Ob/Gyn residency training program. This position has direct accountability for 28 residents, six Maternal Fetal Medicine fellows and four Gynecologic Oncology fellows. The PA functions as a liaison between the Program Directors, residents, fellows, the GME office, seven participating sites, and other departments. As such, he/she must be knowledgeable about patient care and operational activities at the various training sites and their educational curriculum. This role reports to the Residency and Fellowship Program Directors, as well as to the Director of Finance and Administration of the Department. Within this framework, the PA’s general responsibilities and duties include: Develop an understanding of ACGME policies and procedures, including familiarity with the Common Program Requirements as well as Specialty-Specific requirements. Develop and modify program policies to comply with UW GME and ACGME accreditation requirements when necessary. Ensure program adherence to these policies. Assist Program Directors in developing and maintaining the educational quality of the training program- identify areas for improvement and develop initiatives to address weaknesses. Assist in the development, implementation and ongoing compliance with the programs goals and objectives. Monitor and bring to attention any changes in national requirements. Provide timely response to revised policies issued by governing agencies (ACGME, RRC, ABOG) to ensure continued program accreditation. Assist Program Directors with administration, compliance and management of the OB/Gyn residency/fellowship programs across seven institutional sites. Comply with implementation of collective bargaining agreement with UWHA. Oversee the day-to-day operations of each program, including managing MedHub Residency Management System, ACGME ADS OPLOG system, program accreditation and compliance, appointments/credentialing, resident/fellow files, resident/fellow orientation, vacation/leave, etc as outlined in the UW GME Program Job Description: Manage the Clinical Competency Committee (CCC), and Annual Program Evaluation (APE) process for the resident and fellow programs. Adhere to guidelines of the institution and accrediting bodies. Compile necessary data for continuous quality improvement and accreditation. Work closely with the GME office to coordinate ACGME self-study visits and focused site visits, when applicable. Managing the recruitment and selection process in compliance with UW GME and NRMP policies, including applicant evaluation, screening and interview planning. Work as the liaison between applicants, faculty and resident interview committee. Manage the applicant database. Create comprehensive reports for strategic recruitment. Detailed knowledge of ERAS and NRMP electronic application services. Adhere to NRMP match participation policies to ensure a fair and equitable match process. Manage the onboarding of new residents and fellows, comply with all internal and external deadlines. Manage appointment process for incoming house staff in coordination with appointment and credentialing process requirements provided by the GME office. Ensure resident/fellow compliance with UW and UW GME credentialing requirements, including medical licenses, DEA registrations, PECOS enrollment, immunizations, HIPAA training, Learning Gateway modules, and other training as required. Manage all aspects of the resident/fellow separation process. Planning and administration of academic, operational and financial activities: National Specialty board examinations in-service exams, Surgical Skills Curriculum, Graduation, Orientation, Resident Retreat, and Resident Research Day. Prepare Program Letters of Agreement (PLAs) in coordination with the GME office with participating institutions and training sites. Ensure agreements are revised as needed. Establish and ensure compliance with program-specific credentialing requirements. Oversee the development and disseminating of the annual rotation, clinic, and call schedules. Oversee dissemination, tracking, and ensure compliance with completion of evaluations (of residents, faculty, and program) and clinical work hours. Attend GME Program Events (PDDS) throughout the year to ensure compliance with policy and identify areas for growth. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree with experience in administration and/or office management in an academic health care setting plus 2-3 years’ experience in Graduate Medical Education. Minimum of 2-3 years of direct supervisory or management experience. Advanced proficiency with Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Access), use of PDF, and scheduling. Additional Qualifications: Superior time-management and organizational skills, ability to efficiently multitask and prioritize competing priorities, and meet important deadlines. Ability to provide direct oversight of a diverse team and appropriately delegate tasks. Must be comfortable working independently and in a collaborative team environment consisting of diverse populations of staff, faculty, residents/fellows and other administrative personnel. Ability to handle sensitive situations with diplomacy and confidentiality. The PA should exhibit excellent communications skills (written, verbal, cross-cultural); program-solving and decision making skills; be proactive and willing to take initiative; be able to adapt quickly to changes in work requirements and assignments; and should exhibit, leadership, compassion and a sense of humor. Self-motivation and the ability to use available resources to solve problems and answer questions with minimal supervision. Responsible for supervising 2.0 FTEs Desired Knowledge and Skills: Familiarity with ACGME, AAMC and other accrediting/regulatory bodies that affect resident and fellow education and training. Previous experience working in an academic medical center or in medical education. The University of Washington is a leader in environmental stewardship & sustainability, and committed to becoming climate neutral. The University of Washington is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer.