Graduation from an accredited high school or equivalent, plus three (3) years experience in dispatching field service crews, billing, or customer service. Licenses or Certifications: None. Notes to Applicants This position will be filled for the following shift: Shift 1 : Sunday Midnight – 8:00am Monday 7:30am – 4:00pm Tuesday 3:30pm – Midnight Wednesday 3:30pm – Midnight Saturday Midnight – 8:00am Shift 3 : Sunday 3:30pm – Midnight Monday 3:30pm – Midnight Thursday 3:30pm – Midnight Friday 3:30pm – Midnight Saturday 3:30pm – Midnight Shift assignment for candidates selected will be determined based on business need and is subject to change at management’s discretion. This is an Essential Position, requiring on-call availability and mandatory service in certain situations. All shifts may be required to work overtime, oncall, weekends, nights, holidays, and during bad weather events. Working with Austin Water provides a number of health and welfare benefits, such as medical, paid leave time, a great retirement plan, training opportunities and more – click HERE for more information. When completing the City of Austin employment application: Please be sure to detail on the application all previous employment that you wish to be considered as part of your qualifications. A detailed, complete employment application is required. It helps us to better evaluate your qualifications and will be used to determine salary if you are selected for this position. Be sure to provide job titles and employment dates for all jobs you wish to be considered. A résumé is required, but will not substitute for a complete employment application. Please include contact information from previous employers. A cover letter is also required. In the cover letter candidates should describe, in concise detail, their interest in this position and highlight any prior experience that is relevant to this position. If you are selected to interview: Your skill level in Microsoft Office, Customer Service, Audio Typing, and Data Entry will be assessed, with a required minimum passing score of 70%. If you are selected as a top candidate: Verification of your education (which may include high school graduation or GED, undergraduate and/or graduate degrees) will be required. You must provide proof of education from an accredited organization/institution. Military/Veterans must provide a copy of their DD214 at the time of initial interview to receive military/veteran interview preference. Effective October 1, 2014, all Austin Water worksite locations are tobacco- free. Use of tobacco products and/or e-cigarettes is not permitted on any AW worksite – including construction sites, parking lot, garage or in any personal vehicle located on the premises. Pay Range $17.93 – $22.32 per hour Hours See shift information in Notes to Applicants Job Close Date 08/13/2018 Type of Posting External Department Austin Water Utility Regular/Temporary Regular Grant Funded or Pooled Position Not Applicable Category Technical Location Glen Bell Service Center, 3907 South Industrial Dr., 78744 Preferred Qualifications Experience working in a utility or a similarly-regulated environment Three years of customer service experience in a call center environment Two years of two-way radio experience, dispatching field crews Experience using geographic information systems (GIS) or other geographic mapping software Experience with the City of Austin Customer Care and Billing System (CC&B;) or other similar automated billing system Experience using the Internet to research and resolve customer issues Experience handling a high volume of incoming calls using a multi-line phone system Experience responding to phone and email inquiries from internal and external customers, answering customer requests and inquiries concerning services Database or software experience, including data entry and researching customer account information Experience creating, routing, tracking, filing, and maintaining generated service requests Basic proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel 2010 Bilingual in English and Spanish Duties, Functions and Responsibilities Essential duties and functions, pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, may include the following. Other related duties may be assigned. Dispatches service and trouble calls to field service personnel, ensures calls are dispatched correctly and on time, logs customer complaints, prepares work orders, and provides back up support to Customer Service Representatives. Fields customer questions, complaints and billing inquiries. Creates services requests, and routes calls to appropriate department. Notifies Austin Water executives and other city departments of water outages, main breaks, or out of service fire hydrants or street cuts. Operates 2-way radio/pager to provide technical advice and assistance to field personnel in accordance with FCC rules and regulations. Compiles, records, and updates service orders for follow-up and verifies customer account and active services using various databases and software applications. Interprets Water/Wastewater profiles and blueprints to conduct research on previous work completed. Assists Watershed Protection with WERE program. Monitors security cameras and notifies APD of suspicious activity. May provide technical advice and support to Customer Service, 3-1-1- and the field service personnel Responsibilities \- Supervision and/or Leadership Exercised: May lead and train others. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Must possess required knowledge, skills, abilities and experience and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Knowledge of basic radio codes and operations of the dispatch console. Knowledge of procedures involved in dispatching customer services. Knowledge of streets and highways in Austin/Travis county area. Skill in oral and written communication. Skill in handling multiple tasks and prioritizing. Skill in planning and organizing. Skill in using computers and related software. Ability to handle conflict and uncertain situations. Ability to work with frequent interruptions and changes in priorities. Ability to train others. Ability to operate communications equipment. Ability to establish and maintain good working relationships with other city employees and the public. Does this job require a criminal background investigation? This position requires a criminal background investigation EEO/ADA City of Austin is committed to compliance with the American Disabilities Act. If you require reasonable accommodation during the application process or have a question regarding an essential job function, please call (512) 974-3210 or TTY (512) 974-2445. Information For City Employees: If you are an employee within the department, are in good standing and meet both the minimum and preferred qualifications, then you will receive an initial interview.