Our past is full of iconic moments — but our future is going to spark many more. We're looking for the people who'll help make our next decade just as revolutionary as our first five. If you're one of the super-talented who thrive on change, aren't afraid to take risks and love to make a difference, you're the right fit. Come grow with us. OVERVIEW The Architecture & Engineering (A&E;) team is a critical Store Development function that provides design, architecture, and engineering services for all new and remodel projects across our vast North American and Mexico fleets. This team is responsible for delivering high quality drawings end-to-end; from schematic store design to final construction drawings, and closely supports other key functions in the organization to develop, open and operate our stores with expert technical guidance. The Director of Architecture role within the A&E; team is responsible for three key areas: Being the A&E; Brand Liaison for assigned Brands to ensure operational, product, and store experience objectives are being met within the scoping and design of our projects and initiatives while working within our real estate and project cost guidelines; Leading a team of architectural professionals to execute architectural and engineering services meeting the company’s design, cost, quality, and schedule execution objectives; Being a cross-functional business partner, influencing and leading multiple levels to ensure design, A&E;, real estate, legal, financial, procurement, and construction strategies are aligned to enable the best enterprise level outcome. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Leads the Architecture Project Management Team. Supervises up to (4) Sr PMs & a network of ~7 national A/E consulting firms to deliver high quality products that meet high customer service expectations Informs annual goals and priorities to meet demanding business climate. Acts as Brand liaison, supporting all needs related to Architectural and Design layouts, acting as point of contact for escalations. Develops strong partnerships, informs SLA’s and delivers quality customer service to meet brands’ needs. Manages a team directly responsible for delivering high quality new & remodel store layouts, drawings and exhibits for construction projects. Owns cross-brand portfolio of projects from initiation through turnover and responsible for ensuring portfolio of projects meet business objectives. Regularly partners with department director peers to identify and initiate cross functional initiatives to improve work. Oversees assignment and execution of work of external architects to meet schedule and quality expectations of projects across all drawing phases from gut check, feasibility, design development & construction documents. Ensures each team has deep knowledge of brand design standards to ensure alignment across all consultants and projects. Ensures that team delivers products within budget. Sets consultant strategies, identifies consultant needs to support the workload, negotiates w/ consultants for best service and fees. Leads initiatives to continually improve service & deliverables, leveraging industry best practices. Creates strategic consultant relationships that drive the business forward, challenging industry norms to be best in class. QUALIFICATIONS Strong leadership, relationship building and management skills. Proven ability to motivate teams at all levels, inspires and drives, leads by example Exhibited confidence in communication to all levels of organization. Demonstrated success in management leadership, problem solving, and creating processes to ensure efficiencies in the design process. Excellent scheduling, team management and project forecasting skills. Excellent interpersonal, presentation, and negotiation skills. Thorough understanding of construction sequencing and building codes. Must have a high-level understanding of merchandising strategies and store operations. Logical, methodical and intuitive thinker with ability to independently develop and administer action plans in response to immediate, long range, and/or complex problems. Results oriented with proven ability to motivate teams to deliver results. Knowledge of architectural building systems (structural, mechanical, electrical) and their impact on design, detailing, and code requirements. Knowledge of construction, real estate and legal standards/processes. Expert in space planning, materials usage, and fabrication options. REQUIREMENTS 1\. Minimum Educational Level: Degree in Architecture Licensed Architect preferred. 2\. Experience: Minimum 15 years’ experience in Architecture Minimum 10 years’ retail (roll-out) experience. Supervisory Management role for 10 years minimum. Min 10 years of architectural project management experience 5 years minimum direct construction documentation and detailing 3\. Location: Position is based out of Gap Inc. San Francisco office Travel required (approximately 30%) KEY BENEFITS: Merchandise discount for our brands: 50% off regular-priced merchandise at Gap, Banana Republic and Old Navy, 30% off at Outlet and 25% off at Athleta. One of the most competitive Paid Time Off plans in the industry. Employees can take up to five “on the clock” hours each month to volunteer at a charity of their choice. Extensive 401(k) plan with company matching for contributions up to four percent of an employee’s base pay. Employee stock purchase plan. Employees receive medical, dental, vision and life insurance. Employees can apply for tuition reimbursement. Family care programs. Commuter benefits. Pet Discount Program. For eligible employees Gap Inc. is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. We are committed to recruiting, hiring, training and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds, and make all employment decisions without regard to any protected status. In 2016, Gap Inc. was named one of the Best Places to Work by the Human Rights Campaign for the thirteenth consecutive year and was the sole winner of the Catalyst award for equality in the workplace in 2016.