Position Summary We are looking for a skilled creative technologist who has an excellent understanding of interactive design and digital platforms. The role will connect online, mobile, event interactive and a truly user-centered approach to design and content, regardless of platform. The ideal candidate is hands-on creative professional who understands code and is good at prototyping early, testing creative concepts and implementing large web projects. Overseeing external developers and vendors as well as collaborating the global foundation teams will be desired. The candidate will oversee three bodies of work. First, the development and expansion of the Gates Foundation website, influencer community and regional versions. Second, the development and delivery of creative concepts for interactive features at events, experiences and installations. Third, overseeing a range of data visualization projects for web, presentations and exhibitions. Core Responsibilities Lead the development of an agile approach to the relaunch, development and expansion of the foundation’s website passionate about on engaging a set of influencer audiences Lead the conceptual visual/prototype creation of ideas spanning all areas of interactive and digital Build the bridge between online and offline experiences by conceptualizing and implementing interactive event features Lead development vendors/teams, understand infrastructure/code and communicate between technology experts and non-experts to deliver on schedule and on purpose Develop and oversee the execution of a creative concept via production plans, budgets, teams and be hands-on when needed Managing a group of vendors to improve representation, design and persuasiveness of foundation data projects through the ideation and execution processes Work within the organization and community of practice to advocate for innovative solutions and experiences Apply insights/learnings of online measurement and market research to optimize the user experience online and at events Work with the evaluation team to gather strategic insights to inform communications strategies aligned with the broader foundation and advocacy goals Support the deployment of creative technologies for campaign productions, including use of VR/AR, large scale screens, touch screens, sensors and internet of things applications Leadership and Culture We believe that energized people, working well together, fueled by great leadership in an inclusive environment in which they thrive, will do phenomenal things. Core Knowledge and Skills Deep knowledge of creative concepting and emerging digital technologies Ability to quickly understand complex science, global health and development issues for communications purposes Understand how data is used to strengthen creative story-telling Excellent collaboration, communication, presentation and time-management skills across multiple stakeholders and cultures The ability to multitask and pivot at a moment’s notice. Experience in turning complex ideas into simple messages aligned to persuade targeted audiences. Nice-To-Haves: VR/AR – Understanding and prototyping interactive experiences inspired by VR/AR. Display Technology - This encompasses LEDs, TVs, Sensors and Touchscreens. Understanding the strengths and pitfalls of each type of display and how content looks on each one. Experience in managing interactive technologies across global markets including Europe, US, South-East Asia and core African markets is desired. Education and Experience Bachelor’s degree required or other advanced degree preferred. Areas of study include Media Arts, Interaction Design, Computer Sciences or related fields with 7+ years of related experience with focus on or equivalent education and experience. A minimum of 5 years’ experience designing interactive web and mobile applications A minimum of 5 years’ experience with JavaScript, HTML, CSS3 including Animations (canvas and CSS3, sound and multimedia) A broad portfolio of development work demonstrating expertise in at least 2 major areas of multimedia integration. A deep knowledge of the various software options used in the field for design and rapid prototyping (Adobe Creative Suite, OmniGraffle, or Axure, Invision) Demonstrated experience with touchscreen, cross-browser compatibility, fluid layouts and adaptive layouts Fluency in the principles of UX design methods, information architecture, usability, and interface and interaction design Excellent knowledge of the various software options used in the field for rapid prototyping Excellent organizational, time management, and multitasking capabilities, ideally on a global setting Positive attitude, ready to mentor colleagues and an open mindset for feedback and insights Reports to: Deputy Director, Content & Brand Strategy LI-SB1 As part of our standard hiring process for new employees, employment with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation will be contingent upon successful completion of a background check. The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is dedicated to the belief that all lives have equal value. We’re committed to creating a workplace where employees thrive both personally and professionally. We also believe our employees should reflect the rich diversity of the global populations we aim to serve—in race, gender, age, cultures and beliefs—and we support this diversity through all of our employment practices. All applicants and employees who are drawn to serve the mission of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation will enjoy equality of opportunity and fair treatment without regard to: Race Color Age Religion Pregnancy Sex Sexual Orientation Disability Gender Identity Gender Expression National Origin Genetic Information Veteran Status Marital Status Prior Protected Activity