Position: Redaction Workstream Lead Location: All Locations Company Overview: Synchrogenix, a Certara® company, is a global, multimillion-dollar regulatory and scientific writing company headquartered in Wilmington, DE, with US offices in Atlanta, GA; Thousand Oaks, CA; Cincinnati, OH; Philadelphia, PA; Raleigh, NC; Malvern, PA; Parsippany, NJ; San Diego, CA; Nashville, TN; Orlando, FL; Gaithersburg, MD; and Cambridge, MA. Synchrogenix has two wholly owned subsidiaries: Synchrogenix Europe Limited, headquartered in Daresbury, UK, with an additional office in London; and Synchrogenix Philippines Inc. (SPI), headquartered in Manila. Founded in 1986, Synchrogenix takes a unique team approach to projects drawing from the varied skills and backgrounds of its writers and editors. This approach enables Synchrogenix to bridge all functional areas within drug development, with the singular focus on regulatory/medical documentation. Regulatory writing is truly an expertise, and Synchrogenix’s 170+ permanent writers and editors are among the best in the world. Synchrogenix now offers additional technologies and services that expedite the regulatory process. These include: The only artificial intelligence assisted medical writing service in the pharmaceutical industry. This transformative technology helps clients to better meet global transparency and disclosure requirements. Submission Management - our suite of products consists of the solutions regulatory operations professionals need to efficiently manage and publish, validate and review eCTD submissions. Regulatory Services - submission and publishing services for marketing and pre-marketing applications as well as subsequent lifecycle submissions to support original applications. Document Management - an intuitive, affordable document management system that reduces complexity form a user perspective while meeting the same robust standards for security and regulatory compliance This combined knowledge makes Synchrogenix the consultancy of choice for life science and biotechnology companies worldwide. Synchrogenix was named one of the INC 500/5000 Fastest Growing US Companies in 2012, 2013, 2014, 2016 and 2017 and has been named a Best Place to Work multiple times. Corporate Culture: Synchrogenix was founded on the principles of ethical business practices and high-quality work. It is a learning-oriented organization with a strong commitment to the idea that every individual—regardless of experience level—has something to teach and something to learn. Synchrogenix has built its culture on: Being fast and flexible, non-hierarchical, apolitical, and non-defensive Active participation—nobody sits on the sidelines Teamwork—the company’s success is important to all of us Cross-functional communication (lots of it) and a high-tech culture that works to have everyone on the same page Disciplined leadership that inspires passion and commitment Personal accountability Strong peer and management support for those who want to learn Position Overview The Transparency and Disclosure (T&D;) Workstream Lead will maintain oversight of all T&D; services provided to their assigned clients under the T&D; Director, including tracking and assigning of projects, liaising with Director of Resourcing for resourcing, and Business Development for budgets. Responsibilities The T&D; Workstream Leads manage the delivery of T&D; services across their assigned clients to include the delivery of lay summary, registry postings and redaction services. They provide project management expertise for individual projects as well as oversee the full T&D; relationship for each client. T&D; Workstream Leads provide support and feedback for the Transparency and Disclosure team members. They are responsible for general training/materials, SOPs for their area of expertise, development of the T&D; team members, and ensuring consistency and quality throughout the workstream. They are responsible for coordinating with coordinating with the resourcing managers to ensure all work is appropriately staffed. The T&D; Workstream Leads must remain informed of regulations and industry trends impacting T&D; and must participate in helping to develop processes and procedures in support of this changing landscape. They are expected to become subject matter experts in all T&D; service lines, with responsibility for being a leading subject matter expert in at least one T&D; service line. The T&D; Workstream Leads are asked at times to support business development efforts. They are included in final stage conversations with prospective clients and to provide feedback on potential contract structures and inform pricing decisions. Requirements Experience/Skill Requirements: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience required Meticulous attention to detail Strong organizational skills Skilled at working with and leading a team Experience providing client support and managing client relationships Key Performance Indicators (KPIs): Assists in managing utilization for employees on the team to a specified level At least 33% of base 100% billable (ie, 689 of the 2088 hours/year) delivering T&D; services Directly mentors and supports at least 5 team members on a T&D; services new to them Leads simultaneous projects for multiple client across multiple service areas Brings in or expands at least 2 client relationships Present internally once per year to help broaden T&D; knowledge across the Synchrogenix platform Develops and supports training activities Develops or masters at least 1 additional product offering Participates in sales/capabilities presentations as needed The Ideal Candidate Is reliable, professional and discrete, and personable with business acumen Is a team player who is flexible with an extremely high level of attention to detail and enjoys collaboration Is deadline conscious with strong leadership and management of process Is self-motivated and solution-driven Can manage changing and competing priorities in a fast-paced environment Desires challenges, both technical and interpersonal Opportunity and Value for the Right Candidate Make an immediate contribution Be a critical driver to overall company success Variety — submission-level work across therapeutic areas Flexibility — custom schedules and benefits of “flex time” Stability — almost 32 years in business Support — a community of writers working as a team Grow - excellent potential for growth and advancement Learn - gain valuable knowledge and expertise for development and advancement (training provided); the ever-evolving pharmaceutical and biotech industries, and a niche segment, that is growing exponentially. Competitive compensation and benefits package _Synchrogenix is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without discrimination on grounds of disability, sex or sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity leave status, race or national or ethnic origin, age, religion or belief, gender identity or re-assignment, marital or civil partnership status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Synchrogenix makes reasonable accommodations for disabled employees and applicants. Synchrogenix only employs individuals with the right to work in the country/ies where the role is advertised. We are committed to fostering, cultivating, and preserving a culture of diversity and inclusion. The collective sum of the individual differences, life experiences, knowledge, inventiveness, innovation, self- expression, unique capabilities and talent that our employees invest in their work represents a significant part of not only our culture, but our reputation and achievement._