/PRIMARY FUNCTION: The Sr. Application Analyst- Epic Registered Nurse uses clinical knowledge and experience to develop and support safe and high quality care using the electronic health record. The Sr. Application Analyst - Epic Registered Nurse is responsible for participating in the overall design, implementation, training, documentation, operation and support of Clinical or Business applications and reports. This includes contributing to the planning, design, implementation and optimization of their specific application. The Sr. Application Analyst - Epic Registered Nurse takes general direction from their supervisor or manager. The Sr. Application Analyst - Epic Registered Nurse may in some instances also serve as a Project Helios liaison to their associated clinical or business departments throughout the system. This includes, but is not limited to, the assessment of optimization efforts to meet system goals including patient safety/quality of care, revenue capture and efficient operations The Application Coordinator- Epic Registered Nurse performs these activities following HFHS standards and processes. PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 1) Uses Clinical knowledge and experience to support safe and high quality clinical workflow and optimized use of information technologies by the clinical staff. Collaborates with clinical practitioners to maintain ongoing adoption and optimization of clinical information systems. Utilizes the knowledge and skills of clinical practice to determine clinical functions that are suitable for computer application and to ensure the Information systems are consistent with professional standards of clinical practice. Specializes in patient care processes and clinician workflow and leads initiatives to promote effective process design, development, and implementation of the electronic health record Ensures that Clinical practice workflow and process issues and concerns are proactively identified 2) The Sr. Application Analyst - Epic Registered Nurse will provide at the elbow support for end users in a clinical setting to ensure effective use of system and processes in direct patient care setting. As possible, will continue to provide direct patient care to ensure continued clinical expertise and incorporate best practice knowledge into continual support and optimization efforts within Project Helios. 3) Plans, designs/builds, tests, implements, and supports the needs of their application. Participates in the definition of operational readiness requirements. Participates on cross-functional teams as required to ensure integration and alignment of build, process design, and configuration of workflows. Identifies inefficiencies and opportunities for improvement within application design and recommends solutions. Supports implementation success by participating in the planning for KPIs and in the response to metrics post go live Provides ongoing operational support post implementations. 4) Acts as the Project Helios liaison to associated departments and constituencies throughout the health system on their specific application. Understands core system processes and interdependencies. Participates actively in key meetings with Application Teams to develop best practice processes for their specific application. May represents application team within other Organizational Departments. Recommends and develops process and workflow configurations and/or changes to align with best practices, standardization, integration needs/requirements, compliance and/or regulatory policies. Uses human factors and error proofing concepts whenever possible to improve safety and efficiency. 5) Works effectively as part of a team in resolving issues escalated through the Help Desk in a timely manner. Investigates, tests, resolves problems related to application. Ensures that their application team provides high level of customer service and appropriate coverage off-hours for critical problems. Identifies, escalates and resolves issues that impact infrastructure and application performance. Evaluate trends on performance, capacity and operational health and develops plans to address key issues. Participates in the development and review of disaster recovery plans. Provides preventative maintenance, troubleshooting and resolves problems to ensure infrastructure and application stability. Focus on continual improvement best practices by identifying and diagnosing improvement opportunities. Suggests improvements to solution architects and supervisors. Adheres to Service Level Agreement expectations demonstrated through ongoing support of live users. 6) Promotes, develops and adheres to system standards, and best practices. Collaborates across Project Helios team to develop unified approaches and standard work. Collaborates with other team members to promote re-use and develop consistent technical build, implementation and support processes. Provides input to solution architects for standards, best practices, and process improvements. Input may be, but not limited to, best clinical and /or business process and workflows. Participates in testing best practices and standards Works to implement applications according to requirements, specifications and compliance/regulatory standards. Stays current with respective technology capabilities and/or third party billing and compliance regulations (when applicable). Participates in implementation of major version upgrades and special updates. 7) Communication & Relationship Management Works with other Project Helios teams to resolve issues while maintaining HFHS Standards of Excellence. 8) Provides input to support technology planning Works with IT, Project Helios and Operations management to ensure systems are in line with overall policies, standards, processes, and overall workflows. Stays current with vendor capabilities and provides input into software/system implementation strategies and plans. EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: Graduation from an accredited school of nursing. Bachelors degree preferred Clinical knowledge and analytical abilities necessary to formulate effective nursing care plans. Ability to perform a wide variety of professional nursing services. Ability to effectively communicate with patients, families, and hospital personnel. Minimum of 2 years of applicable work experience in the Technical OR Clinical areas detailed here: Preferred technical experience includes: Strong knowledge of state-of-the art engineering approaches in design, build, testing, debugging problems, and ongoing technical support. Able to articulate previous examples of workflows and processes associated with previous IT experience. Preferred clinical experience includes: Strong knowledge/experience in clinical workflows and processes. Able to articulate previous examples of workflows and processes associated with clinical experience integrated with IT solutions. CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSURES REQUIRED: Current licensure as Registered Nurse (RN) by the Michigan State Board of Nursing. Epic Certification in designated Application (May hire into position without certification, but must attain certification within first 6 months of hire to continue employment.) Minimum salary: $72,217.60 _This rate is the minimum pay for the position. Actual compensation will be based on education, years of experience, and other factors at the time of offer._ Overview Henry Ford Health System, one of the largest and most comprehensive integrated U.S. health care systems, is a national leader in clinical care, research and education. The system includes the 1,200-member Henry Ford Medical Group, five hospitals, Health Alliance Plan (a health insurance and wellness company), Henry Ford Physician Network, a 150-site ambulatory network and many other health-related entities throughout southeast Michigan, providing a full continuum of care. In 2015, Henry Ford provided $299 million in uncompensated care. The health system also is a major economic driver in Michigan and employs more than 24,600 employees. Henry Ford is a 2011Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award recipient. The health system is led by President and CEO Wright Lassiter III. To learn more, visit HenryFord.com. Benefits Whether it's offering a new medical option, helping you make healthier lifestyle choices or making the employee enrollment selection experience easier, it's all about choice. Henry Ford Health System has a new approach for its employee benefits program - My Choice Rewards. My Choice Rewards is a program as diverse as the people it serves. There are dozens of options for all of our employees including compensation, benefits, work/life balance and learning - options that enhance your career and add value to your personal life. As an employee you are provided access to Retirement Programs, an Employee Assistance Program (Henry Ford Enhanced), Tuition Reimbursement, Paid Time Off, Employee Health and Wellness and access to day care services at Bright Horizons Midtown Detroit, and a whole host of other benefits and services. Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer Henry Ford Health System is committed to the hiring, advancement and fair treatment of all individuals without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, size, height, weight, marital status, family status, gender identity, sexual orientation, and genetic information, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable federal and state laws.