LI-KH1 Strong core knowledge of ETL/EAI/EII space, with architecting and hands-on experience of managing complex data environments In depth, Relational Databases concepts specifically DB2, SQL Server & Postgres including performance tuning and Capacity planning Strong exposure to Client facing applications such as web properties and client data transmission processes Strong understanding and hands on work experience with IBM DataStage Knowledge and experience of Data warehouse concepts, SQL programming and job scheduling tools Candidates should be flexible/willing to work across this delivery landscape which includes and not limited to Agile Applications Development, Support and Deployment Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini. Qualifications Delivery Architects assess a project’s technical feasibility, as well as implementation risks. They are responsible for designing and implementing a project’s technical architecture. They define the structure of a system, its interfaces, and the principles that guide its organization, software design and implementation. The scope of the Delivery Architect’s role is bounded by the business issue at hand. A Delivery Architect needs to have knowledge of all the different aspects of the technical Delivery as well as robust business knowledge. This includes the Software Architect. Day to Day Responsibilities: You are responsible for the end-to-end architecture of a Delivery, including its assembly and integration into the IT architecture principles defined with the client. You define the structure of the system, its interfaces, and the principles that guide its organization, software design and implementation. You are responsible for the management and mitigation of technical risks, ensuring that the Delivery services can be realistically delivered by the underlying technology components. Required Skills and Experience: Certification: Has or seeking IAF level 1. Should be proficient in foundation, People Leadership, client acquisition & development, service & delivery and business leadership. Should be experienced in technology awareness & leveraging and innovation & growth capability. About Capgemini With more than 190,000 people, Capgemini is present in over 40 countries and celebrates its 50th Anniversary year in 2017. A global leader in consulting, technology and outsourcing services, the Group reported 2016 global revenues of EUR 12.5 billion (about $13.8 billion USD at 2016 average rate). Together with its clients, Capgemini creates and delivers business, technology and digital solutions that fit their needs, enabling them to achieve innovation and competitiveness. A deeply multicultural organization, Capgemini has developed its own way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM, and draws on Rightshore, its worldwide delivery model. Learn more about us at www.capgemini.com. Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law