Within the DFPS Information Resource Management Program (IT), this position will supervise and oversee the application development team, a team of developers who support applications that support the agency. The position is part of the Systems Development Resources work unit within the IT program. This position will work with the other Systems Development Resources Managers and Director to plan and assign developers to various IT initiatives and projects. This position will supervise and mentor staff responsible for development, analysis, and revision of systems design procedures, program lines of code, test procedures, and quality standards. This position will also maintain accurate reports and status of the work team's performance measures and results. The candidate must also have documented experience as a supervisor or manager in an IT organization. This candidate should also be familiar with Java and .NET applications. This position is classified as a full-time position (40 hours a week). Work outside of regular hours may be required. Travel to other Austin offices(s) may be required. Performs other duties as assigned. Essential Job Functions: • Supervises a team of Java and .NET developers who support DFPS IT applications. • Coordinates and allocates team resources to ensure the goals and objectives of DFPS application development are met. • Oversees the development, analysis, and revision of systems design procedures, program lines of code, test procedures, and quality standards. • Works closely with project managers and business analysts to identify technology needs and practical solutions. • Ensures development teams maintain quality and industry standards for application usability and design. • Oversees the adherence to business and technology requirements, system scope and objectives to meet business needs and deliverable expectations. • Contributes to development of project timelines and cost estimates, and ensures they are maintained. • Resolves complex problems by considering computer processing capacity and limitations, operating time, and desired results. • Integrates applications and/or legacy systems into the agency's information resources architecture and business plan. • Establishes and maintains standards for accessibility requirements. • Monitors uptime of 24/7 applications and numerous time and data sensitive interfaces to outside agencies. • Oversees the team's analyses and corrections to system issues in response to user inquiries or problems and investigatory requests. • Alerts management, the Help Desk team, and other IT groups when issues arise or are suspected. • Ensures that all assigned staff adhere to agency standards of conduct, policies, procedures, security, and ethics. • Performs all required performance management tasks for assigned team. Knowledge Skills Abilities: • Four years of progressive experience in an IT environment, with at least three years documented supervisory experience of a technical team. • Strong knowledge of application development standards. • Two years of experience with .NET and Java applications. • Ability to coach and mentor development team members. • Skilled in problem solving of technical issues in an application/development environment. • Skilled in the use of Microsoft Office productivity tools. • Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing to any level of the organization in a clear and concise manner. • Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships at all levels of the organization. • Experience with project-related time, resource reporting and tracking data bases used in IT environments. • Familiarity with supervising teams in a matrix environment. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in computer science, business administration, public administration, or related field. Initial Selection Criteria: • At least four years’ progressive experience in IT environments. • Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university. Work experience may be substituted for education. • Experience in .NET or Java development activities. Additional Information: Requisition 384644 MOS Code: Candidates selected for interviews may be required to bring two writing samples or complete an “in-basket” exercise related to job role. Note: There may be no military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.