The Associate EHR Application Analyst is responsible for achieving in-depth knowledge of the Epic system and serves as a bridge between end users and Epic implementation staff. He/she conducts regular day-to-day communication with Epic's installation team, reviews the software, analyzes business operations, and works with Epic and MD Anderson Clinical/Business Representatives/Subject Matter Experts to tailor the system to fit MD Anderson's needs or to provide technical expertise in the design, implementation, and support of the EHR. On an as needed basis, he/she performs in-depth analyses of workflows, data collection, report details, and other technical issues associated with the use of Epic software. He/she is also responsible for developing and documenting the internal procedures that will be used in conjunction with Epic applications. In order to be adequately prepared and trained to build, test and optimize the Epic system, MDA requires that Epic certification be obtained within 120 days of completion of the assigned, required training classes. Required certifications must be maintained as assigned. Implementation/ Optimization 1.Analysis of EPIC model content and negotiation of any user requested modifications 2.Populating databases for which they are the owner during the initial system build, with assistance from Epic staff 3.Understanding choices in application specifications 4.Investigating the preferred choices of the users 5.Analyzing data conversion needs 6.Preparing details of specifications as needed 7.Aiding trainers during user training 8.Input to project plan throughout the course of the implementation to insure major milestones are met and appropriate project tracking is accurate 9.Responding to Epic's technical questions 10.Understanding both the clinical and business workflows to achieve strategic outcomes for the implementation Support/ Content Management 1.Modification of EPIC content as prescribed by project team 2.Working with users on the sharing of data, category lists, etc 3.Developing and documenting internal procedures 4.Troubleshooting problems or questions from users 5.Prioritizing and implementing changes requested for the system 6.Coordinating software updates and changes with users 7.Thoroughly reviewing and testing each new release and communicating needed changes to Epic before users are permitted to access the new release 8.Collecting information regarding potential system enhancement needs Standards 1.Setting standards for naming and numbering conventions and security classifications Education Required: Bachelor's degree. Experience Required: None. May substitute required education with years of related experience on a one to one basis or completed years of college on a one to one basis. Preferred Experience: Experience in software product analysis and methodologies. Experience in the installation and maintenance of commercial application software products. Experience in an academic healthcare setting. Onsite Presence: Is Required It is the policy of The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to provide equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by institutional policy or by federal, state or local laws unless such distinction is required by law. http://www.mdanderson.org/about-us/legal-and-policy/legal-statements/eeo- affirmative-action.html