This position works on problems of complex and diverse scope where analysis of data requires in-depth evaluation of various factors and ensure strategic direction of projects are in line with organizational business plan. Projects assigned are broad in scope and may involve multiple functional areas and/or span across service areas. The core responsibilities of this role include supporting the Director Diversity & Inclusion on Cultural and Linguistic (C&L;) projects, managing and providing analytical analysis for multiple programs and projects, serving as HR point of contact for CLAS and other related regulatory requirements; supporting diversity objectives in workforce planning and staffing programs; providing support for the Southern CA Diversity Advisory Council (SCDAC) and Staff Multicultural Association (MCA) meetings; facilitating the collaboration of inter-departmental activities in support of C&L; and diversity related efforts; and conducting evaluation of the overall Diversity Program utilization, needs and gaps. Example duties for this position includes to help ensure the successful development, implementation and management of linguistic recommendations which include the development, implementation and management of a Comprehensive Kaiser Permanente Linguistics/Language Assistance Program in accordance with State and/or Federal Regulatory mandates, including but not limited to, CLAS standards, executive mandates, enacted legislation (e.g. SB853) and the State's Annotated/Code of Regulations, and other regulatory and/or accrediting bodies. Additional responsibilities include, but are not limited to: working jointly with Kaiser Permanente LMP representatives to coordinate all logistical aspects of the development and implementation of a qualified language assessment program for conversational and clinical levels; working jointly with the Regional Diversity Program Office to ensure that the program is consistently implemented and integrated into local, regional, and national diversity program efforts; oversee the development of a Qualified Bilingual Status (QBS) program manual and program tracking system, provide proactive recommendations for future Cultural and Linguistic (C&L;) audits as it relates to the Kaiser Permanente Linguistics/Language Assistance Program; maintain training tools; monitor SCAL's Comprehensive Linguistics/Language Assistance Program (including the Qualified Language Assessment, the Interpreting Services Utilization trending and tracking, etc.); ensure consistency in the assessment process, methodology, and inter-rater reliability of the adopted Linguistics/Language Assistance Program; strengthening the incorporation of diversity/cultural ethics competencies into linguistic initiatives; and be the linguistics central point of contact in the SCAL region. Essential Responsibilities: Manage projects, conduct analysis, develop metrics and prepare presentations in support of the Diversity function. Assist in operational budget planning and diversity department goals and metrics. Assist Director Diversity & Inclusion in providing leadership to departmental staff. May represent Director Diversity & Inclusion on committees, at meetings and on tasks forces. Act as an HR point of contact for CLAS and other related regulatory requirements, facilitates access to diversity content expertise to key KP functional departments and regulatory groups to ensure compliance, audit readiness and accurate reporting, e.g. TJC, CMS, NCQA, LA CARE, etc. Assists Director Diversity & Inclusion in partnering with key departments and stakeholders to determine how KP will supply knowledge on CLAS standards and pending legislation. Key departments include HPRS, Quality, QOS, RHE, Member Services, and Community & Government Relations. Collaborates with the SCDAC and National Diversity Office to link programs, resources and strategies to ensure consistency around diversity objectives in workforce planning and staffing programs. Provide leadership and analytical support to the SCDAC, Staff Multi-cultural Associations and Community Advisory Committees. Manage and assist in the development of the Diversity Website. Help conduct evaluation of the overall Diversity Program utilization, needs and gaps. Participate on Diversity and/or other committees as required. Develops standards, procedures and policies that are in compliance with Federal and State Laws for Linguistics/Language Assistance Programs (Interpreter Services, QBS Model, Translation Services, Staff Training, Enrollee Needs Assessment, etc.). Partners with all linguistic/language access efforts to develop implement and monitor Linguistics/Language Assistance Programs. Leads program/process redesign/improvement efforts designed to facilitate attainment of key organizational objectives. Coordinates roll-out at Medical Centers in implementation of the Linguistics/Language Assistance Programs (e.g. Dedicated Healthcare Interpreters). Develops and monitors pilot Linguistics/Language Assistance Program programs, analyze results and implements best practices with service areas that have existing pilots. Develops and coordinates training for linguistic staff, to include new hire and existing staff (partnership with Operations and Human Resources). May assist in recommending process for conducting member language needs assessment, identifying key issues, and reports findings to Director Diversity & Inclusion/Key contacts for follow up. Assist local areas in a monitoring process of the availability, accessibility, and utilization of Interpreters, Bilingual Staff, Language Line, etc. May assist in creating a Regional template for this process and in conducting GAP analysis for potential corrective action strategies. Serves as a content expert on Linguistics/Language Assistance topics. Develop/support metrics related to linguistics assessments, interpreter services utilization, gap analysis, and communicates results to Regional and local impacted department/councils. Support the Director Diversity & Inclusion to ensure appropriate vendor selection for testing and training. Works with vendors as necessary.