About the Job At the University of Minnesota, we are dedicated to changing lives through research, education, and outreach. The Office of Information Technology – the University’s central IT department – offers an environment of trust, collaboration, and mission-focused work. Join our team and help us make a positive difference to the University as a Data Center Infrastructure Administrator! As a team member of OIT’s Data Center Administration line, you will provide technical expertise to recommend, design and operate a stable infrastructure to meet the needs of the University and champion the continuous improvement of existing infrastructure practices. You will work closely with collaborative cross-unit teams who make up the entire IT stack to achieve shared goals. This position requires the ability to operate within industry standard practices, adapt to and quickly learn new processes and technologies, and handle multiple priorities and tasks simultaneously with a close attention to detail and minimal oversight. Please note, this position is not eligible for H-1B or Green Card sponsorship. We Offer: University paid contribution (10% of your salary) to your retirement account - vested immediately. 22 paid vacation days per year, in addition to sick leave and 11 paid holidays. Reduced tuition opportunities covering 75% - 100% of eligible tuition. Excellent and affordable health care benefits. Wellness program with opportunity to earn lower health care rates. Free disability insurance. Annual merit increase program. Job Responsibilities: Implements and maintains complex data center infrastructure systems. Provide enterprise level data center administration expertise. Act as a subject matter expert within multiple cross-functional service teams. With guidance from management and/or service directors, coordinate the effort of staff, vendors and resources to meet unit objectives. Fulfill the role of Tier 3 and above for escalated service support. Typically function as team and project lead and provide guidance to less experienced staff. Participate in on-call rotation, which involves carrying a communication device. On-call participation includes the expectation to respond during non-business hours to resolve production problems and perform scheduled off-hour activities with documented SLAs. Interact with service owners and customers to ensure functional service requirements are met with proper technical resources. Generate and maintain up-to-date system/process documentation. Maintain areas that adhere to audit compliance. Maintain HIPAA, FERPA, and PCI compliance where required. Monitor system and performance metrics using standard tools, autonomously responding to trends as appropriate to maintain or exceed expected performance. Develop reports as needed for service analysis. Generate post-mortem reports detailing root cause and process modification in response to service outages/failures. Keep current on industry standards, emerging technologies, and services. Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree and four years of relevant experience or a comparable combination of education, training, and experience. Experience leading and coordinating daily data center operations and planning future work. Experience with the industry standard layout of equipment in a data center space to maximize the efficiency of facility resources. Experience in asset management and documentation. Preferred Qualifications: Experience with data center migrations to alternate facilities, particularly colocation facilities. Working knowledge of network infrastructure topology and layout. Working knowledge of electrical, HVAC, alarm and fire suppression systems. Experience supporting environments across hybrid infrastructure (cloud and on- premise). Exposure to cloud-based infrastructure, such as Amazon Web Services (AWS). In depth understanding of industry standard security and auditing frameworks. Experience with translating and integrating security standards into the design and operations of infrastructure solutions. Capability to employ project management practices with an attention to detail. How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations. OIT_Job Job Skills: AWS, HVAC, Project Management, IT, Newtwork, Infrastructure