The Advanced Analytics (AA) Data Scientist will support Mission Systems and Solutions teams and their customer base through: a deep understanding of advanced technical needs and requirements to perform analytics. The Data Scientist understands structure and techniques of data analysis and can lead data analysts. The Data Scientist will be fully integrated into the team’s efforts, from analysis of initial customer requests for information, through data collection support utilizing Big Data and other tools, through delivery of collected data in a format that supports analyst and customer needs. To perform these duties, the Data Scientist will: design and develop methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured, diverse sources including big data sources. Develop and use advanced software programs, algorithms, querying and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate datasets and models complex business problems. Works with cross- discipline teams in order to ensure connectivity between various databases and systems. Identifies meaningful insights and interprets and communicates findings and recommendations. May develop information tools, algorithms, dashboards, and queries to monitor and improve business performance. Maintains awareness of emerging analytics and big-data technologies. Requires knowledge of various technical domains to including systems coding, various software programming languages, and deep mathematical calculation and algorithms to provide intricate analytic solutions to meet end user needs. Has various tool knowledge with both software development and engineering research to create models of relevancy. Experience designing efficient algorithms with programming languages and tools for data manipulation and statistical analysis. Experience designing efficient data mining and text mining frameworks with related tools. Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Desired Skills: Applying data science against open source media to support Intelligence collection and data fusion. Distributed Computing Predictive Modeling Story-Telling and Visualization Math, Stats, Machine Learning BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Previous experience with artificial intelligence or advanced algorithm development. Previous experience in applying data science against open source media to support intelligence collection and data fusion. Masters or PhD in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or equivalent Must have strong problem solving skills, business acumen, and demonstrated excellent oral and written communication skills. Preferred languages: R, SAS, Python, Matlab, SQL, Hive, Pig, Spark Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.