Creates and revises complex technical documentation to support the marketing, operation, repair, and maintenance of company products. Ensures documents conform to company and government standards and specifications and language usage principles. Creates and revises technical documentation using state-of- the-art publishing software technology including product descriptions, detailed functional descriptions, operating procedures, fault isolation, maintenance and repair procedures, illustrated parts breakdown (IPB), miscellaneous reports, proposals, marketing literature, or other technical documentation pertaining to company products. Ensures compliance with customer requirements, government specifications, engineering standards, and language usage principles. Researches and consults with engineering staff on systems and equipment to create and revise technical documentation. Analyzes and interprets engineering drawings and other technical data to translate information into technical documentation. May assist project writer with validating written procedures for equipment. Evaluates illustrations and graphics to determine how to best utilize them within documentation. Requests the creation of new illustrations/graphics or changes to existing illustrations/graphics. Ability to understand and translate engineering designs into understandable language for non-engineers and to write documentation while still maintaining the desired meaning. Ability to write technical documentation of limited scope and complexity, engage in problem solving discussions with cross-functional team members, provide guidance to cross-functional team members, and ensure documents are produced on time. Ability to concentrate, attention to detail, and command of the English language. Typical Education & Experience Typically a Bachelor's Degree and 2 years work experience or equivalent experience Required Skills and Education Arbortext XML Editor experience MS Office suite product experience Adobe Acrobat experience Familiarity with MIL-STD style guides. About BAE Systems Platforms & Services BAE Systems is a premier global defense and security company with approximately 90,000 employees delivering a full range of products and services for air, land and naval forces, as well as advanced electronics, security, information technology solutions and customer support and services. Platforms & Services designs, develops, produces, supports, maintains, modernizes and upgrades armored combat vehicles, wheeled vehicles, naval guns, surface ship combatants, commercial vessels, missile launchers, artillery systems, military ordnance, and protective wear and armor.