3-5 years experience Full-time ASAP We currently seek a Marketing Data Analyst to support performance reporting and analysis for various client engagements, including traditional, digital, and social media programs. The goal is to maximize our clients’ return on marketing investment through ongoing program measurement, disciplined in- market testing, and results-based performance management. RESPONSIBILITIES MERGE is a collaborative company. While this description includes core functional responsibilities, all of our employees are active members of the team, flexible in assisting the company as it grows and evolves. This expectation requires each person to be capable of adapting to the dynamics of a client driven environment. We’re as interested in your human side as your technical expertise. The ideal candidate will be upbeat, optimistic and happy to help the team. Core functional responsibilities include: Collaboration with cross-functional teams (Account, Creative, Media and Technology) to define measurable program goals and objectives Development of measurement plans outlining project objectives, measurement framework, data sources, and reporting frequency Collaboration with technical teams to implement and test tracking prior to project delivery, including tracking tag generation from website analytics systems (e.g., Google/Adobe Analytics) and/or ad serving systems (e.g., DCM, Conversant, Sizmek) Ongoing tracking, maintenance, and issue resolution with regard to measurement framework while programs are in market (e.g., monitoring ad delivery, confirming tracking tags are working) Aggregation of data from various sources (including but not limited to: site analytics, third party ad servers, social listening platforms, call center data, CRM, etc.) into integrated report templates or dashboards Data review and analysis, as well as presentation of findings to internal teams and/or clients Supporting the overall Analytics vision for the agency, including ongoing refinement, implementation, and maintenance of processes, tools, and templates QUALIFICATIONS 3-5 years of experience in the media, interactive, and/or analytics departments of an agency Experience with web site analytics packages (Google, Adobe), online ad serving systems (DCM, Conversant, Sizmek) Mastery of Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint Detail-oriented and well organized Strong qualitative and quantitative skills Analytical mindset, comfortable working with numbers Strong communication skills (written & verbal) Ability to manage timelines and multitask across a variety of projects Ability to work independently as well as part of a team Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in Business, Mathematics, Statistics or Economics; advertising, direct marketing, CRM or digital background desirable VALUES Ability. Ability to bring the highest level of skill and competence. Agility. To keep us flexible, nimble and incredibly responsive to client and market demands. Humility. Constant seekers of new ideas, amazing collaborators and builders of those around us.