Internet Brands is currently seeking a Database Administrator. Reporting to the DB Manager, the DBA will be responsible for the design and implementation of next generation database support and new products. Day-to-day duties will include: data modeling and schema design; ETL architecture, development, documentation and optimization; generation and analysis of reports; establishing best practices for data systems; performance tuning and data partitioning. Responsibilities: Administer MySQL databases. System level DBA functions including: Configuring and setting up replication. Manage database backups, upgrades and tuning. Analyze trends and work with development teams to develop a long-range plan designed to resolve problems and prevent them from recurrence. Refresh staging database environments with production data when requested. Follow department standards for documents and project management. Able to work extra/off hours as needs dictate. Requirements: 5 + years administering multiple MySQL databases and versions. Advanced understanding of explain plan and sql statement tuning. Advanced understanding of MySQL backup and recovery. Expert understanding replication and configuration. Experience with mission critical, 24/7 production environments required. Experience in Virtual/Cloud infrastructure environment is a plus. BS or MS in Computer Science or related field. Success starts with having the right people. At Internet Brands, we value and mentor each member of our growing team. We seek out talented, goal-oriented professionals who live and breathe the Internet and thrive in a flexible but challenging work environment. Our team of innovators has enabled Internet Brands to sustain high levels of profitability and success while evolving along with the Internet for over 20 years. At IB, we promote an entrepreneurial, friendly culture that applauds innovation and results while embracing change and independence. Our employees are intensely driven and constantly encouraged to reach higher and use creativity to achieve success – all the while enjoying high levels of collaboration and the luxury of coming to work in jeans and sneakers. We are proud to offer a unique blend of the innovation of a start-up with the history, stability, and benefits of an established corporation. Internet Brands and its wholly owned affiliates are an equal opportunity employer.