If you possess dynamic leadership capabilities and outstanding analytical and interpersonal skills, consider a career opportunity with Friedman Real Estate as a Data Administrator. Friedman Real Estate is one of the Midwest’s largest commercial real estate organizations. Friedman offers a full range of services that include: commercial brokerage, property and asset management, investment and loan sale advisory, turnaround management and receivership, space planning and design, construction and project management, graphic design and marketing in addition to a vast array of advisory services. We provide our clients with a single point of contact for the entire range of services we offer. Friedman manages more than 140 commercial properties encompassing more than 16M SF and more than 10,000 apartment homes throughout the United States. Friedman’s brokerage team has over 800 current listings with $10 billion in closed transactions. As owners and managers of commercial property for 30 years, Friedman understands what it takes to achieve results that maximize their clients’ objectives. For more information, please visit: www.friedmanrealestate.com. Friedman offers highly competitive compensation and full benefit packages , including Blue Cross Blue Shield medical insurance, Delta Dental, vision, 401(k) with employer match, and over three weeks of vacation time. Apply today and see why Friedman is the right choice for the next step in your career! The Data Administrator position will work within the Business Process Improvement Team and will be responsible for the accuracy of data within Company databases, along with creating processes/procedures for improving data accuracy. Responsibilities : Maintain the Friedman companywide database(s) and conduct routine audits and maintenance as needed to ensure data integrity Review and approve new data as it is added by others within the company to ensure completeness and accuracy and to eliminate the potential for duplicates Develop and document processes for data cleansing, consistent data entry, and record maintenance Obtain, clean, and manipulate data to import into our CRM; and create views based on import as needed Export and manipulate data to meet management reporting requests Review data for inconsistencies or anomalies that could skew analytical results Streamline data collection and analysis procedures to ensure fast access to metrics Conduct data research on new leads to obtain lead details that are missing or originally incorrect Communicate with Friedman CRM Superusers and Friedman employees about data changes or requirements Complete large-scale data verification and updates required as part of business process improvement initiatives Provide administrative support for initiatives relating to Friedman company-wide database(s) Additional tasks as assigned Qualifications Minimum of a high school degree and 3+ years of experience in an office setting and/or related field. Associates degree in related field and/or experience with a commercial real estate organization is preferred. Ability to work with large data sets and a high level of proficiency with Microsoft Excel 2 years’ experience in data management or analysis Ability to set personal and project priorities and be highly organized in day-to-day and longer-term planning and execution Exhibits a high level of accuracy in work Effective communication skills – both verbal and written Experience with CRM system management or Yardi, preferred Friedman Real Estate is an Equal Opportunity Employer Applicants are considered regardless of race, color, religion, creed, sex, pregnancy, family responsibility, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, marital status, sexual orientation, transgender status, veteran's status, genetic information, or status as a qualified individual with a disability or any other protected characteristic in accordance with applicable law.