Radiant is looking for a Logistics Operations Coordinator to work 2nd shift (2pm – 10pm M-F) who has great customer service skills. You will be the primary interface between Radiant Global Logistics, customers, sales, system operations, and vendors. You will be responsible for Answering telephone properly and timely. Providing general customer service. Data entry of shipments. Tracking and tracing of shipments. Understanding TSA regulations that apply to the position. Ensuring company compliance and policies are followed. Research of shipments for Corporate requested reports. Key contact for special projects Requirements High school diploma. Knowledge of North American geography. 1 - 2 years’ experience in Transportation or Logistics industry is an asset. Proficient in Microsoft Office e.g. Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint. Working knowledge of any Transportation Management Software (is an asset). Highly organized with the ability to multi-task. Team cooperation and respect is required. Able to work in fast paced environment. Accurate and detail-oriented ABOUT US Radiant Global Logistics is a comprehensive North American provider of third party logistics and multimodal transportation services. As a non-asset provider, with minimal investment in equipment, the company delivers advanced supply chain solutions through a network of company-owned and strategic operating partner locations across North America under the Radiant®, Radiant Wheels™, Radiant Clipper™, On-Time™, Airgroup®, Adcom®, DBA™, Service By Air™, and Highways and Skyways™ network brands. Our network now extends to over 100 locations across North America. Through its comprehensive service offering, the company provides domestic and international freight forwarding services, truck and rail brokerage services and other value-added supply chain management services, including customs brokerage, order fulfillment, inventory management and warehousing to a diversified account base including manufacturers, distributors and retailers using a network of independent carriers and international agents positioned strategically around the world. BENEFITS Radiant Global Logistics offers a competitive benefits package to our full- time employees. Radiant Global Logistics is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to promoting a culturally diverse workforce.