Overview At Perficient you’ll deliver mission-critical technology and business solutions to Fortune 500 companies and some of the most recognized brands on the planet. And you’ll do it with cutting-edge technologies, thanks to our close partnerships with the world’s biggest vendors. Our network of offices across North America, as well as locations in India and China, will give you the opportunity to spread your wings, too. We’re proud to be publicly recognized as a “Top Workplace” year after year. This is due, in no small part, to our entrepreneurial attitude and collaborative spirit that sets us apart and keeps our colleagues impassioned, driven, and fulfilled. About Our Practice: The Adobe Practice at Perficient was established in 2010 and has expanded to a global presence. We offer a wide array of solution offerings that help our customers create more meaningful connection points with their audiences across all channels. Our digital technologists help forge the path toward the connected enterprise by using the complete Adobe Digital Marketing technology stack. Perficient is currently looking for an Adobe AEM Technical Architect for our National Adobe Digital Marketing Practice. This position will be located in Dearborn, MI. Work will be done primarily from the client office. Job Overview: The Technical Architect for Adobe AEM Role will play a vital role in the architecture design, testing and deployment of Adobe Digital Marketing solutions, including Adobe Experience Management, Adobe Analytics, and Adobe Target. You will work closely with clients, developers, system administrators, project managers, business analysts and end users to build a state-of-the-art Digital Marketing Platform using Adobe's Digital Marketing suite of products. Responsibilities Install and configure Adobe Experience Manager for on premise solutions or cloud based solutions. Architect and design the component model that will be used to construct a Digital platform for both web and mobile using Adobe Experience Manager for global enterprises. Configure OSGI settings for an AEM install base. Install and Configure core code bundles for AEM related projects. Effectively communicate physical architectural designs to customers and present design options/considerations. Help to establish overarching program goals and objectives in the Digital marketing program for a customer. Develop AEM templates and components leveraging AEM Sightly framework. Employ strong coding standards for efficiency, readability, and reuse. Help design analytics scenarios Design Content targeting Scenarios and architect how those scenarios will be implemented in AEM and Adobe Target. Qualifications Experience in architecting at least 2 large implementation of Adobe Experience Manager. Experience in designing content lifecycle using Adobe and Adobe Marketing tools. Strong leadership and communication skills Minimum 6 years of experience in Web Content Management and 10 years of IT experience. Strong JEE and front-end technology experience in Angular, JQuery, SASS, CSS Hands-on architect, to do Proof of concepts and building framework as needed. Good to have mobile hybrid application development experience SOA development experience using NodeJS and related technologies Experience in complete project life cycle activities on development and maintenance projects. Knowledge and experience in developing software using agile methodologies. Proven track record of technical leadership roles delivering solutions within defined timeframes. Skilled in building relationships with clients and in practice development activities. Demonstrated success in performing work and managing complex and/or large consulting projects. Excellent written and oral communication skills; Ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical staff. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field. Must be open to travel. Preferred Skills and Education: Experience working with a globally distributed team and managing off-shore teams. Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field. Certification in Adobe Experience Manager (Architect). Experience with authoring, editing and presenting technical documents. Perficient full-time employees receive complete and competitive benefits. We offer a collaborative work environment, competitive compensation, generous work/life opportunities and an outstanding benefits package that includes paid time off plus holidays. In addition, all colleagues are eligible for a number of rewards and recognition programs including billable bonus opportunities. Encouraging a healthy work/life balance and providing our colleagues great benefits are just part of what makes Perficient a great place to work. More About Perficient Perficient is the leading digital transformation consulting firm serving Global 2000 and enterprise customers throughout North America. With unparalleled information technology, management consulting and creative capabilities, Perficient and its Perficient Digital agency deliver vision, execution and value with outstanding digital experience, business optimization and industry solutions. Our work enables clients to improve productivity and competitiveness; grow and strengthen relationships with customers, suppliers and partners; and reduce costs. Perficient's professionals serve clients from a network of offices across North America and offshore locations in India and China. Traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, Perficient is a member of the Russell 2000 index and the S&P; SmallCap 600 index. _Perficient is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national, origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law._ _Disclaimer:_ _The above statements are not intended to be a complete statement of job content, rather to act as a guide to the essential functions performed by the employee assigned to this classification. Management retains the discretion to add or change the duties of the position at any time._ _LI-JP2_ LI-JP2