Working under the guidance of more experienced staff in the Center for Academic Advising & Professional Development in the College of Liberal Arts, the Academic Advisor I advises students regarding curricular requirements, course scheduling, program selection, and academic standing. The Advisor I meets regularly with students on an individual and group basis to discuss academic and professional goals, and refers students to resources throughout the College and University as appropriate. The Advisor I reviews transcripts, placement exams and student files in preparation for new student orientation, and delivers presentations during group advising sessions. The Advisor I works closely with faculty and staff to administer program, College, and University requirements and policies. The Advisor I engages in a variety of activities designed to achieve, maintain and improve student success and retention, and provides students with access to the information and resources necessary for the attainment of academic, professional and personal goals. The Advisor I acts as an advocate and referral source, and provides consistent outreach and follow-up services. The Advisor I represents the College of Liberal Arts at various internal and external meetings and events, and helps to communicate and further our vision, mission, and academic goals to enhance student development and actively promote student responsibility and success. Required Education & Experience: Master’s degree with at least six months of experience in an academic setting in higher education. Required Skills & Abilities: Excellent interpersonal and oral communication skills, with the ability to interact effectively with a diverse group of students, faculty and staff. Demonstrated ability to prepare concise, accurate and high-quality written work. Ability to maintain a consistently positive and objective constituent service approach. Ability to manage time effectively while balancing multiple tasks and maintaining meticulous attention to detail. Demonstrated problem solving skills and ability to use independent judgment. Demonstrated ability to work as part of a team in a high-volume, fast-paced environment. Demonstrated understanding of and appreciation for the value of a liberal arts education. Knowledge and use of personal computers and proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite. Preferred: Experience in a professional academic advising setting. Temple University values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity for all persons regardless of age, color, disability, ethnicity, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other status protected by law. Compliance Statement: In the performance of their functions as detailed in the position description employees have an obligation to avoid ethical, legal, financial and other conflicts of interest to ensure that their actions and outside activities do not conflict with their primary employment responsibilities at the institution. Employees are also expected to understand and be in compliance with applicable laws, University and. employment policies and regulations, including NCAA regulations for areas and departments which their essential functions cause them to interact. To obtain additional information about Temple University please visit our website at www.temple.edu. Temple University's Annual Security and Fire Safety Report contains statistics, policies, and procedures related to campus safety and can be found at: http://www.temple.edu/safety/asfr/ You may request a copy of the report by calling Temple University’s Campus Safety Services at 215-204-7900.