Los Gatos, California Financial Planning and Analysis THE OPPORTUNITY Netflix is revolutionizing the media and entertainment industry. Underpinning this revolution are bleeding edge efforts in technology infrastructure - including Cloud Infrastructure, Open Connect Content Delivery, and Digital Supply Chain - that fuel Netflix’s success. This role will be a part of the current three person Cloud Infrastructure team, focusing on infrastructure pricing and resource utilization analytics. A role is only as exciting and challenging as the problem to be tackled. What’s our Cloud Infrastructure problem? Ensuring capacity availability and efficient resource usage for a global infrastructure that serves 125+ million customers through a microservice architecture (6,000+ services) that has no budgeting or capacity procurement wait time across 80+ teams and 750+ engineers. Externally, you would be responsible for wing to wing pricing analytics and research all the way from hardware manufacturing industry reports to the final cost of an individual virtual CPU. Internally, you would drive targeted efficiency opportunities for our largest microservices. Given Netflix’s scale, even a small percentage optimization would materialize into millions of dollars of savings. In addition to intellectual curiosity, we desire candidates who are excited by and interested in technology, either from a professional or personal background. Since our analysis revolves around the product engineering organization and the backend infrastructure, having the ability to connect Netflix’s business focus areas to the engineering projects and the related infrastructure usage & cost is critical. Having previous working experience in a pricing or valuation role is strongly preferred. RESPONSIBILITIES Create pricing frameworks and drive negotiations for each of our AWS products Extensive analysis of our cloud footprint, focusing on optimization and efficiency opportunities Own the short and long term financial forecasts for the Cloud Infrastructure Provide financial and strategic ad-hoc analytics to engineering teams, senior leaders, and corporate FP&A; Report and iterate on key financial and operational metrics to help inform engineering decisions Drive cross-functional efficiency and strategic initiatives from vision to execution QUALIFICATIONS Candidates are required to be highly analytical and be strong, effective communicators. Ideal candidates have a proven track record of superior financial and statistical analysis, including the use of supporting tools. Demonstrated passion and curiosity for technology is highly preferred. A successful candidate must be comfortable supporting the business demands of senior business managers and must have the ability to work autonomously as well as within a team. She/he must thrive in a fast-paced environment, possess a high level of intellectual curiosity, and focus on generating results while exhibiting the highest personal and professional standards of integrity and ethics. Attributes sought in candidates: Minimum three years in an analytical role Strong understanding of server, data center, and networking technologies Ability to independently explore and understand high volume datasets - familiarity with SQL or other query languages Previous experience in a valuations or pricing role Strong understanding of accounting and financial metrics Expert working knowledge of Excel and the ability to quickly learn internal tools; working knowledge of statistics and visualization tools (i.e. Tableau) Ability to present and context switch between peer groups and senior level management Experience working as a business partner with technical teams Bachelor's degree in finance, economics, mathematics, engineering/computer science, or other relevant field that demonstrates quantitative competence