AECOM is actively seeking a creative, highly talented Entry Level Bridge Design Engineer for immediate employment for the Dallas, TX office. AECOM is pleased to include you in a unique development opportunity, the Graduate Development Program (GDP). This program is designed to support your assimilation into the organization and assist with creating a foundation of knowledge for a successful career at AECOM. You will gain experience in your discipline through learning on the job and participate in development opportunities during the program, including access to AECOM's social media resources, group mentoring, and professional networking. The program also has learning activities that will be available to you, including webinars and online programs. Imagine working on rewarding projects within a diverse culture, and having access to exceptional training and career development opportunities. Working at AECOM means being part of a global team, working with award-winning professionals across the world. Aspire to be a key player on some of the best projects regionally, with opportunities to work on projects nationally or internationally. Our people bring deep industry knowledge to help you succeed. The responsibilities of this position include, but are not limited to: \+ Perform assignments requiring application of standard techniques, procedures and criteria to carry out engineering tasks. Assignments are designed to further develop judgment and understanding of professional and ethical responsibilities. \+ Exercise judgment limited to developing details of work in making preliminary selections and adaptations of engineering alternatives \+ Prepare engineering related calculations and develop drawings and visual aids \+ Work on a wide range of projects and tasks and assist with field research, data collection, data analysis, graphics, maps and data presentation, and report development \+ Assist in design of transportation roadway and civil engineering projects \+ Work under supervision of a project manager or senior-level team member \+ Demonstrated ability to build trusting working relationships with clients and colleagues Minimum Requirements \+ Bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering \+ Must have an interest in the design of transportation structures \+ Core curriculum must include concrete and steel design with some exposure to finite element modeling \+ Texas EIT, or can acquire certification within 90 days of hire Preferred Qualifications \+ Master’s degree in Civil Engineering \+ Bridge design experience \+ Core curriculum is preferred to included advance mechanics of materials, concrete and steel analysis, finite element, 3D modeling and CADD. \+ Knowledge of AASHTO, TxDOT Bridge Design Manual (LRFD) & TxDOT Bridge Detailing Manual, or other state DOT design guidelines \+ Design-Build project experience \+ Experience with Freight Railroad Bridge Design & Railroad Coordination \+ Software expertise: MicroStation, Bridge Geometry System (BGS), PGSuper, STAAD-PRO, RCPier, SPCol, LPile What We Offer AECOM is a place where you can put your innovative thinking and business skills into high gear and work alongside other highly intelligent and motivated people. It's a place where you can apply your skills to some of the world's most challenging, interesting, and meaningful projects worldwide. It's a place that values the diversity of our areas of practice and our people. It's what makes AECOM a great place to work and grow. AECOM is an Equal Opportunity Employer. At AECOM, employee's safety and security are our top Safeguarding core value. All employees are expected to set the highest level of safety expectation in their work, display the highest level of safe behavior, and actively participate in AECOM's Safety For Life Program. SH &E; is a part of our company culture and participation is required for all employees. _NOTICE TO THIRD PARTY AGENCIES: Please note that AECOM does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Recruitment Fee Agreement, AECOM will not consider or agree to payment of any referral compensation or recruiter fee. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement, AECOM explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. Any unsolicited resumes, including those submitted to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of AECOM.