Work with children and families exiting domestic violence in a trauma- informed and supportive setting. Job Summary Broadview is a 24 hour facility providing emergency shelter (10 units), transitional housing (21 units) and support services to women, children and youth whose lives have been disrupted by family violence, substance abuse, inadequate medical and mental health care, long periods of family separation, child abuse and neglect and poverty. Support services include on site crisis intervention, case management and advocacy-based counseling, legal advocacy, information and referral, and long-term stabilization services. The Children’s Advocate is responsible for developing and implementing services and activities that respond to the unique needs of homeless children, youth and mothers residing at Broadview. . Essential Responsibilities, Duties & Tasks 30% Provide intake, crisis intervention, case management, advocacy-based counseling, information and referral, and other support services with children and youth residents. Participate in case conferencing, school and general provider meetings as requested to help determine service needs. Help develop and implement effective services for children, youth and mothers that address the impact of homelessness, domestic violence, racism and poverty, child abuse and substance abuse prevention, child development, positive parenting and self-esteem enhancement 30% Help develop, coordinate and/or lead age-specific support groups, childcare and special events for children and youth. Develop and coordinate on-site and off-site recreational activities and field trips, and help facilitate access to community resources for children, youth, and their mothers, including access to daycare and transportation upon exit from the program. Build and maintain relationships with partner organizations. 25% Duties below are shared between the Child Advocates as determined by staff and Children’s Services Manager: Recruit, screen, orient, train, supervise and evaluate volunteers assisting in the children and youth program. Plan volunteer recognition events and appreciation, maintain paperwork and files. Coordinate May and December holiday giving for 33 shelter/transitional households including determining family needs and wants, recruiting community donors, coordinating receipt and distribution and donor recognition. Coordinate outside daycare needs and infant/toddler supplies/donations for all shelter and transitional residents including assistance with outside program application and enrollment. Maintain updated data resource lists. 10% Help foster an atmosphere of support and safety for residents, staff and volunteers with a trauma-informed care approach. Help maintain order and security in the buildings and communicate/enforce program policies and procedures. Provide front desk coverage as needed. 5% Maintain accurate and confidential resident case records, statistics and daily notes. Participate in program, department and agency meetings and relevant trainings as required. _The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related, or a logical assignment to the position._