Display media supervisor Job Description Nina Hale is a performance digital marketing agency that drives revenue by connecting data to human behavior. The agency specializes in providing strategy + planning, paid search, paid social, display, social media, technical and content search engine optimization (SEO), content strategy, conversion optimization, traditional media, and marketing analytics. A nationally certified women-owned business (WBENC) and 100% employee-owned, the agency has been recognized as a 17-time Best Places to Work award recipient and has been named to Inc. 5000's Fastest Growing Companies for five consecutive years. Nina Hale is currently seeking a full-time, Media Supervisor to contribute to the leadership of our display media team. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES This position will be a leader and trainer within the executional display team. Our display media portfolio has grown, and we are in need of an expert who can help create seamless processes that integrate well with all other channel teams, train internal team members, grow our display business, and strengthen our display offering, ensuring it is of Nina Hale quality. Key Responsibilities Include: – Finesse processes for all aspects of display; planning, buying, maintaining, optimizing, measuring, and billing – Set strategy within the display media channel (video, audio, banners, native) – Present display strategies and tactics to clients, relaying to them the affect display media will have on their business – Understand the pros and cons between internal trading and outside vendor partnerships; make recommendations for the best approach – Research display programmatic partners and direct publishers, their evolving capabilities, and related industry trends – Develop vendor relationships and coordinate vendor meetings – Execute key display tasks such as writing RFPs, negotiating, trafficking, creating tracking tags, and billing; train internal team members on these pieces – Monitor campaign performance and pacing, managing vendor and in-house optimizations – Build client-facing reports with data visualization and insights – Summarize and communicate status of all campaigns with appropriate internal contacts – Evaluate display impact on website and search performance – Work with project manager to create and ensure timely delivery of project schedules – Complete monthly billing calculations and discrepancy resolution REQUIRED SKILLS – Preferred 5+ years’ experience with display media planning and execution – In depth knowledge of display partners: publisher direct, programmatic, networks, etc. – Ability to train team members of all experience levels – DoubleClick trafficking expertise – High proficiency with Microsoft Excel—formulas, pivot tables, creating efficiencies – Strong knowledge and background in display metrics and results-driven optimization – Strong written and verbal communication skills – Strong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously while meeting deadlines – Willingness to learn and use Google Analytics—any current tool certifications are a plus – The ability to work independently as well as with a team in a fast paced, goal-oriented environment – Self-starting, positive work ethic, to consistently meet and exceed objectives and take on more responsibility COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS – Competitive Salary—DOQ – Top-rate health plan, paid 100% for staff – Immediately-vested 2% match IRA – Work-life balance and Best Places to Work company atmosphere – Ongoing training and education opportunities – Participation in company stock ownership plan (this is an additional benefit for employees, at no cost to them) About Nina Hale We are 100% employee-owned, so we have good reason to create a place people want to work. We value curiosity and integrity. We hire people who are authentic, experts at their craft, and genuinely passionate about digital. We have an open-door policy. Positive work-life balance is a top priority. And we consistently carve out time for all-company field trips to build the NH community. Some of our favorite events? A Segway tour of Minneapolis, a grown- up Easter egg hunt (with coveted prizes like cash and additional days off), full days at the Minnesota State Fair, and our annual cookout at our Founder’s family cabin.