General Mills is reshaping the future of food. We believe food makes us better. It nourishes our bodies, brings us joy and connects us to each other. As one of the world’s leading food companies, General Mills operates in more than 100 countries and markets more than 100 consumer brands, including Cheerios, Nature Valley, Betty Crocker, Yoplait, Annie’s Homegrown, Old El Paso, Epic Provisions, Blue Buffalo and more. Are you passionate about the future of food? You’ve come to the right table. We want the very best talent to help lead something big. JOB OVERVIEW Technology at General Mills accelerates process transformation and business growth around the globe. To achieve business success, the Global Business Solutions team uses leading edge technology, innovative thinking and agile processes. One of our General Mills’ key technology priorities is driving business action through connected data. The General Mills Enterprise Data and Development Services organization is currently in the process of building a big data platform based on Cloudera Hadoop as part of a multi-year strategic Data Lake program, to advance the data-driven decision making capabilities of our enterprise. If you are an agile learner, have strong problem solving skills and are able to function as part of a highly technical, cross functional team, we would like to hear from you. MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES Act as a key technical leader within General Mills Design, create, code, and support a variety of Hadoop ETL solutions (potentially including but not limited to: Python, Scala, Kafka, SAP Data Services, or others) Generate and implement your own ideas on how to improve the operational and strategic health of big data ecosystem Participate in the evaluation, implementation and deployment of emerging tools & process in the big data space. Partner with business analysts and solutions architects to deliver business initiatives. Collaboratively troubleshoot technical and performance issues in the big data ecosystem MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s Degree required; Computer Science, MIS, or Engineering preferred Minimum 3 years of IT experience, 5+ preferred Understanding of Hadoop ecosystem Database development experience using Oracle or SQL Server Process mindset with experience creating, documenting and implementing standard processes Effective verbal and written communication and influencing skills. Effective analytical and technical skills. Ability to work in a team environment Ability to research, plan, organize, lead, and implement new processes or technology PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Python, Scala or Java development experience Big Data Development experience using Hive and/or Spark Familiarity with Kafka Familiarity with the Linux operating system Experience with agile techniques or methods _Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with General Mills (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status)._ CB2 DCGM