Disaster Recovery Analyst \- (180003VI) Carlson Wagonlit Travel’s Business Resiliency team was recently formed to safeguards core business / IT capabilities that ensure premium service continuity for clients. Interested in supporting Resiliency on a global scale? Check out our Disaster Recovery Analyst position. Pioneer the future at CWT! _Support ongoing Business Resiliency program initiatives and projects._ _Coordinate the development, quality review, and testing of Disaster Recovery planning to ensure the resiliency and recoverability of core business technologies._ ___Perform governance over internal IT groups that support core business technologies and key IT third party vendors to ensure that enterprise Disaster Recovery compliance requirements and strategic resiliency objectives are met._ ___Assist with the formulation of enterprise Cloud strategy._ ___Support core business technology recovery as required during an unplanned IT disruption._ ___Administer a database and tools to track and manage incident response and recovery process._ ___Support ad hoc Risk and Security program initiatives and projects._ Support all aspects of enterprise Disaster Recovery planning, testing, and governance. Contribute to IT infrastructure strategy and roadmap to align and incorporate disaster recovery. Maintain disaster recovery program strategy (forward looking roadmap) aligning services and portfolio components to the strategy. Work collaboratively with IT support teams to develop executable Disaster Recovery plans for core business technologies they support, including [but not limited to] applications, infrastructure platforms, and physical locations with critical assets such as data centers. Ensure that IT support teams are adequately trained on Disaster Recovery requirements, policies, and standards. Perform quality review of Disaster Recovery plans and recovery / validation procedures to ensure that they are written to an appropriate level of technical detail. Work with IT support teams to ensure that Disaster Recovery solutions are adequately aligned with business requirements, in place, maintained, and tested. Collect and organize information about current systems to create an inventory of systems and applications, with hardware, software, and network requirements, as well as inter-system dependencies clearly identified for DR purposes. Develop Disaster Recovery testing schedule, participate in DR tests, and track the completion of DR tests from an audit and reporting perspective. Actively manage and coordinate testing schedules, objectives, exercises and post mortem reviews. Write reports summarizing testing activities, outlining goals, pre-planning efforts, scheduling, execution, results, analysis, conclusions, lessons learned, and strategic recommendations. Analyze intelligence and risk data to identify trends, patterns, or warnings indicating threats to security of people, assets, information, or infrastructure. Support Business Resiliency program training and awareness initiatives through the creation, administration, and delivery [as required] of Disaster Recovery related topics. Assist with the facilitation of data collection for the enterprise Business Impact Assessment (BIA). Interpret government regulations and client requirements to ensure CWT is meeting Disaster Recovery compliance obligations. Provide ongoing feedback for risk management, mitigation, and prevention. Provide practical solutions that improve enterprise Disaster Recovery readiness. Regularly report Disaster Recovery activities to upper management. Represent disaster recovery cost requirements in the annual budgeting process. Deliver Disaster Recovery metrics and reporting. Qualifications Experience & education: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information systems, information protection (information security), or a related IT field. Project management experience preferred. Certification such as CBCP preferred. Knowledge of information security a plus. 2+ years of business continuity / disaster recovery preferred. Knowledge of IT infrastructure required. Experience with Cloud disaster recovery / information security desired. Ability to develop and drive DR strategy as well as write, communicate, facilitate, and present to all levels of Information Technology leadership and Business Partners. Languages Ability to communicate effectively in English, both written and verbal Knowledge, skills and abilities (KSAs) Familiarity with Disaster Recovery program life cycle plans and source deliverables (e.g., risk assessments, audits, BIA, Disaster Recovery plans) is essential. Broad IT knowledge and a comprehensive understanding of emerging paradigms and technologies. Demonstrated collaboration, analytical, and planning skills, with solid understanding of professional best practices. Ability to set priorities and work in a fast-paced, multi-project environment. Strong attention to detail. Self-motivated. Ability to be creative in developing solutions. Ability to participate in and facilitate group meetings. Recognized as an expert, both externally and internally, on all matters concerning business operations. Ability to influence others to the appropriate actions. Require excellent oral and written communication skills to convey plans, exercises, and activities. Must be able to interact with technical, non-technical, and management staff. LI - AF FB-AF Primary Location : US-MN-Minnetonka Work from home : No Employment type : Standard Job Family : Information Technology Scope : Global Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Shift : Day Job Organization : P&T;_Security & Risk Experience Level : 3 to 5 years Job Posting : Aug 7, 2018 As an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action employer, the organization will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant’s race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other federal, state or local protected class