This position performs the tasks necessary to analyze, design, configure, author,, implement and support Costco’s Global Enterprise Monitoring systems, related services, processes, applications, and integrations. This will involve working closely with IT functional and technical areas, process owners and vendors. Tasks will consist of developing detailed designs, execution and troubleshooting of strategic solutions in support of effective monitoring, alerting, escalation, automation, reporting and event correlation. The position includes involvement with resolving application and configuration issues and concerns, providing ongoing analysis of performance, implementation of approved changes, and ensuring continual service improvements in monitoring. Tasks and responsibilities Diagrams and documents monitoring system solutions, configurations, and break/fix procedures. Analyzes business requirements and designs comprehensives, cost-effective enterprise level solutions. Performs complex systems design, implementation and integration functions. Assists engineer and management with developing long-term global enterprise road map. Provides specific, relevant reporting to process stakeholders in support of root cause analysis, risk and event mitigation and elimination, and automation. Possess or develops a strong understanding of Costco and/or industry Information Security policies and practices. Mentors and provides training to Enterprise Monitoring staff, IT functional and support personnel, and business end-users. Responsible for daily troubleshooting, support and maintenance of enterprise monitoring systems. Interest and willingness to cross train across variety of monitoring tools used within the organization. Assists in other areas of the department and company as necessary. Required skills, abilities, and certifications Experience working with cloud infrastructure environments. Experience with design, implementation and support of monitoring tools in a complex, multi-platform environment. Experience with industry standard OS – including, but not limited to, Unix, RedHat Enterprise Linux, SUSE, AIX, ESX/ESXi, and Windows. Experience with a diverse range of monitoring suites and tools, including, but not limited to: Splunk, HP OMi, HP OML, Tivoli ITM, Dynatrace, Sitescope, SCOM, and SAP Solution Manager. Ability to provide assistance with design, maintenance, and improvements to enterprise level solutions. Demonstrated ability with programming and scripting languages. Demonstrated ability working with various database platforms. Ability to adjust priorities in rapidly changing environments; work well under pressure. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to present complex ideas and designs to a variety of technical or non-technical stakeholders. Able to provide effective work support off-hours as required, including weekends, holidays, and 24/7 on call responsibilities on a rotational basis. Recommended skills, abilities, and certifications Experience with Orchastration Software and monitoring automation improvements. Experience with Puppet Enterprise and/or Open Source. Proficiency in Agile development. Certifications in RedHat Linux, AIX, Windows, and/or ESX. Knowledge of application performance management and web based technologies. Understanding of security and vulnerability best practice and design implications. Required Document(s) Letter of interest Resume Apply: Use the link below to upload all required documents to https://chm.tbe.taleo.net/chm02/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=COSTCO&cws;=1&rid;=2536 Applicants and employees for this position will not be sponsored for work authorization, including, but not limited to H1-B visas. If hired, you will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the United States. Apart from any religious or disability considerations, open availability is needed to meet the needs of the business.