Employee Fraud Detection Risk Manager - Monitoring and Analytics-180027227 At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. Join our growing team! We are now hiring for an exciting opportunity as an Employee Fraud Detection Risk Manager - Monitoring and Analytics, within U.S. Bancorp’s Enterprise Fraud Risk Management (EFRM) and Employee Fraud Detection team. An Enterprise Fraud Risk Manager works with members of first and second line of defense fraud teams to develop/modify/implement/monitor fraud rules and strategy changes, support large Enterprise Fraud data related initiatives, provide subject matter expertise on fraud analysis techniques and complete ad- hoc analysis as opportunities are identified. Core responsibilities: Analyze effectiveness of existing fraud rules and strategies and develop recommendations to improve effectiveness and efficiency. Development of new fraud prevention rules/strategies. Identify process improvement opportunities and work with analysts to implement recommendations. Provide guidance and leadership to other fraud strategy/data analysts Offer subject matter expertise on data and fraud analysis techniques Execute and continuously improve upon recurring reporting for management and other key stakeholders – to demonstrate effective fraud monitoring and trending insight Proactively and strategically identify new risks to monitor, source data needed, and develop related rules for analysts to review. Develop and maintain all documentation, supporting rationale and analysis to support all enhancements ensuring a comprehensive audit trail is maintained Partner with compliance and model risk groups around the organization to ensure model soundness Provide leadership on Enterprise Fraud projects with an emphasis on data. Ability to adapt to constantly changing requirements Qualifications Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree, or equivalent work experience Ten or more years of experience in an applicable risk management environment Applicable certifications Preferred Skills/Experience Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Statistics or other quantitative field required Experience implementing fraud rules within the Actimize (or similar) system Five or more years of experience in data analytics, preferably in the financial services industry Exceptional problem solving, critical thinking, and troubleshooting skills Advanced knowledge in Microsoft Office applications Ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks, while establishing responsible deadlines Flexibility in day-to-day work and tolerance for ambiguity Positive ‘can-do’ attitude and a strong desire to continue to learn and ask questions The ability to work well in a team environment Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Ability to build relationships cross-functionally and over the phone Attention to detail in writing, planning, and communication The ability to work with minimal oversight Experience with SAS, SQL, or other similar applications Ability to work with and influence at all levels of the organization, including with senior leadership Knowledge of U.S. Bank products and systems Job Risk/Compliance/QC/Audit/Fraud Primary Location Minnesota-MN-Minneapolis Other Locations Wisconsin-WI-Milwaukee Shift 1st - Daytime Travel Yes, 5 % of the Time Average Hours Per Week 40