Title: Lead Engineer – Body Structures Location: Plymouth, MI Job Description: The Lead Engineer is responsible for setting up & running the Body Structures Module Team to ensure up front input from all relevant areas. You will provide leadership and technical expertise in your area. Responsibilities: Planning and reporting on progress, you’ll see that your sub module team meets every challenge it is set, on time and to the highest standards possible. This will involve working across technical areas, adopting new processes. Lead Failure Mode Avoidance activities in your particular sub module including DFMEA, quality history reviews and DFA/DFM reviews. Developing the System/Component Design Specification & the Statements of Work for the Suppliers. Ensuring progression of design maturity from initial concept through to Engineering Sign-Off and design gateways Project managing/designing your Body Structures sub-system, ensuring they meet agreed program targets at lowest Total Cost and weight, continually monitor the status versus targets, and take appropriate action to control, identify and report risks and opportunities as soon as they are known. Chairing and driving the sub Module meeting, publishing minutes from each meeting and ensuring that actions are assigned and that they are resolved in a timely manner. Ensuring the effective application of APQP to managing system/component delivery for your particular domain, call in other experts as necessary, Development Engineers, CAE Engineers, Vehicle Integration Engineers etc. Providing Body Structures Technical expertise for your sub module ensuring that BOD is adhered to. Work closely with Body Structures Manufacturing Engineers to ensuring that the Design of the Sub Module aligns to their BOP. Ensuring vehicle builds are supported with parts at the required level Ensuring that issues are addressed and closed off via the Issues Management process Supporting vehicle launch and pre-production builds (both virtual and physical). Ensuring delivery of Part warranty submission, through planning from project start to sign off. Qualifications: 5+ years’ experience in engineering body structures Proven Body Structures sub module project management capability demonstrated by recent delivery on time & budget. Demonstrate you have delivered a Body Structures sub domain for least 2 programs from concept to SOP. You will require the ability to lightweight the Body Structure and drive the sub module team to ensure the weight targets are met and ensure that Body Structures Vehicle attributes are also achieved. Engineering knowledge of Body Structures components/systems design, function, performance, production & manufacturing requirements, Excellent communications skills, demonstrated ability to communicate at all levels, Significant experience in use of engineering tools FMEA, Six Sigma, problem resolution etc. Successful history of delivery within the Body Structures sub module automotive sector. Knowledge of change control, product definition and change management processes will also prove invaluable CAD Literacy: ability to manipulate and interrogate CAD data and use associated visualization tools. Ability to generate CAD data in Catia v5 would be an advantage. Working knowledge of project delivery processes Tata Technologies is a company dedicated to bringing better products to market for our customers and to the millions of people around the world who benefit from them. We are a leading global provider of engineering services, serving the world’s leading manufacturing companies. We are currently expanding our Engineering footprint with several of our clients and have opportunities for those who are the best in their field. If you are looking to join a company that values their employees, stands behind their services and strives to make product development dreams a reality, look no further. Tata Technologies Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, sex, age, marital status, national origin, sexual orientation, citizenship status, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. We prohibit discrimination in decisions concerning recruitment, hiring, compensation, benefits, training, termination, promotions, or any other condition of employment or career development.