Requisition ID: BUS002799 Merck & Co., Inc. Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. known as Merck in the United States and Canada, is a global health care leader with a diversified portfolio of prescription medicines, vaccines and animal health products. The difference between potential and achievement lies in the spark that fuels innovation and inventiveness; this is the space where Merck has codified its legacy for over a century. Merck’s success is backed by ethical integrity, forward momentum, and an inspiring mission to achieve new milestones in global healthcare. The Senior Technical Analyst will be responsible for collaborating with business partners in Merck Manufacturing Division (MMD) organization to develop and implement real-time process analytical systems on the manufacturing shop floor and research pilot plants. This requires integrating new instrument technologies and different sources of data to increase manufacturing yields, enable real time product release testing, and adapt control systems. This role will involve working with multiple groups within IT, various technologies, in a GMP environment that will allow Merck to maintain the quality of our products, improve the reliability of our plants, improve productivity, and lower product costs. Responsibilities include the following: Configure, implement, and operationalize systems and integrations for manufacturing process analytics (example -Siemens SIPAT and uMetrics SIMCA) Collaborate with a variety of IT groups including infrastructure, database, and PMO Create and execute testing in a GMP environment. Be able to respond to audit requests and be part of inspection readiness process Create and review GMP SDLC documentation. Technical understanding to be able to create installations using various technologies Direct the work of external resources to deliver testing, documentation, installation, and change controls Qualifications Education Minimum Requirement: Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or other related areas Required Experience and Skills: The candidate must demonstrate Merck Leadership Principles and strong communication skills to develop tangible results working in a matrix environment across all the hubs. The candidate must have excellent collaboration skills and must be able to thrive in a matrix organization in support of achieving objectives for the business. The candidate must possess strong knowledge of application System Development Life Cycle (SDLC), manufacturing process analytics technology (PAT) and working knowledge of relational database technologies. In this regard, the candidate should possess at least 5 years of relevant work experience with demonstrated results. Preferred Experience and Skills: Prior working knowledge and experience with manufacturing or supply chain systems is preferred. Prior experience with manufacturing process analytics tools (e.g. Siemens SIPAT) is a plus. Your role at Merck is integral to helping the world meet new breakthroughs that affect generations to come, and we’re counting on your skills and inventiveness to help make meaningful contributions to global medical advancement. At Merck, we’re inventing for life. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to staffingaadar@merck.com. Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully: Merck & Co., Inc. is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Merck via email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of Merck. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Merck as a result of the referral or through other means. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. For more information about personal rights under Equal Employment Opportunity, visit: EEOC Poster EEOC GINA Supplement Job: Business/Technical Analysis Other Locations: Employee Status: Regular Travel: Yes, 20 % of the Time Number of Openings: 1 Shift (if applicable): Hazardous Materials: No Company Trade Name: Merck