IT-PRO Consultant Seattle, WA Logic20/20 is one of Seattle’s fastest growing full-service consulting firms. We have two key areas of expertise: business and technology consulting. Our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency where these two business practices intersect. Although we make it look like magic, we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. We bring simplicity and predictability to engagements and help clients significantly improve their efficiency through the use of proven technology and business management strategies. Our continued rapid growth is in response to our ability to deliver consistently for our clients, which is directly related to the quality of the people we hire. Our typical hires have a” Big 4” consulting background with 3-5 years of experience and are looking to contribute to and shape a growing organization. _About the role. . ._ Our team is looking to do competitive analysis, a feature-by-feature teardown, on our client key competitors in the market. Specifically, this project is to conduct hands-on primary research of both IT Pro and end user experience their product vs the other top tier competitors. Project includes: This testing will cover each feature identified - Endpoint Protection (EPP) Compete Battlecard documentation (one Battlecard with feature list per identified competitor). Is feature and UI specific, focusing on the experience of each persona across the lifecycle of acquisition, deployment, support, maintenance, and upgrade. Includes cost comparison over the lifecycle of acquisition, deployment, support, maintenance, and upgrade: Analysis includes associated costs per phase. Analysis includes comparison of costs per phase and overall lifecycle cost. Research will include heavy video capture and screen shot use for walkthroughs of user experience that are demonstrable for comparison purposes. _About you…_ Comfortable talking about technical things with business people and business things with technical people. Able to express complex concepts in plain language to reach broader audiences. Ability to craft a compelling message and tailor it for a given audience. Ability to mix deep technical expertise with simple, everyday language to deliver a story that is memorable and useful. _You have…_ Experience with network administration and setup within cloud platforms such as AWS and Azure Must have strong understanding of basic networking concepts such as DNS, Proxies, Firewall, API gateway, WAF, and Routing. Able to perform troubleshooting performance and connectivity. Knowledge of antivirus (AV) and end point protection (EPP) solutions a plus, including Windows Defender, MacAfee, Symantec and TrendMicro Experience deploying, managing and maintaining security systems and their corresponding software a plus _Compensation & Benefits_ We offer competitive compensation, medical, dental, vision and basic life insurance. The candidate will be a full-time, /hourly/salaried employee who will accrue company holidays and annual paid time off. One of the most important benefits is the opportunity to work in an incredibly exciting and rapidly growing firm. The best part is that we are a group of highly dedicated and competent professionals that deliver results and have fun along the way.