What does a Best Buy Merchandising Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to implement assigned responsibilities from Merchandising Senior in merchandising designated areas, upstocks merchandise to ensure department is continually stocked and replenished, and confirms the accuracy and timeliness of implementing special program guidelines. You will also assist customers in locating product. 45% of your time you will: Following weekly merchandising packet instructions, merchandises designated areas: Checks in drop shipments, truck shipments, and GEO shuttles. Confirms products are put on sales floor properly and in a timely manner. Arranges product according to planogram specifications. Performs ad set, price change, clean & bright, functionality and farming duties. Insure check-out lanes are set with proper product in each line. 25% of your time you will: Monitors floor merchandise: Upstocks overstock product when necessary. Downstocks product when necessary. Moves all product off of the sales floor prior to opening. 20% of your time you will: Ensures program guidelines are followed: Confirms Raincheck Follow up is completed. Confirms functionality checks are complete and problems reported to the manager. Brings "lock-up" product to front checkout lanes for customer purchases. Confirms closeout and open item program guidelines are followed. 10% of your time you will: Greets customer and assists with locating product What are the professional requirements of an Merchandising Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.