Job Description Ford Motor Company's Global Data, Insight, and Analytics (GDIA) organization is looking for a seasoned analytics professional that has a deep business understanding of data science. You will have the opportunity to work with some of the brightest global subject matter experts that are transforming the automobile industry. The role spans the full lifecycle from analytic question definition, through data gathering, analysis, reporting/visualization development, testing, and operational deployment and support iterations. The incumbent must be able to work with business users to gather goals and illicit requirements, translate those into technical designs, coordinate with multiple source data owners, and then develop the end user friendly reporting and analytics platform of standard reports and self-service analytics interfaces. This role requires a detail oriented, creative technologist, comfortable working in a highly collaborative, entrepreneurial environment, able to work with a variety of customers and manage and prioritize competing customer demands, while incrementally building an integrated reporting and analytics self-service platform end state vision. Responsibilities: Acting as an internal consultant with business partners in the sales and marketing functions in Ford Customer Service Division Ability to understand how to ingest large data sets from a variety of sources (SQL, Teradata, Oracle, Hadoop, Alteryx, QlikView etc) Expertise to manipulate data to form unified data sets for analysis Strong visualization skills (understanding of appropriate visualization techniques based on the data set) Communicate findings to make data analysis actionable and understandable by business partners Ability to take complex problems and break them down to create an implement an action plan Strong understanding of analysis and computational complexity and ability to programmatically solve problems Strong capabilities at designing visual interface for data interaction Basic Qualifications: Bachelors degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, Engineering, or Economics 3+ years of hands-on quantitative modeling skills and SQL, SAS 3+ years of data visualization expertise 3+ years of experience working with descriptive analytics tools 2+ years of experience in a Consultative role Preferred Qualifications: 5+ years of experience working with descriptive analytics tools Self-starter, high level of initiative, detail-oriented and ability to multi-task. Strong collaboration and communications skills.. Strong problem formulation and problem solving skills. Strong interpersonal skills and leadership behaviors. The distance between imagination and …. Creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. And, it can be a road you start traveling right now. When you join Ford Motor Company, your journey begins. You become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. At Ford Motor Company, the distance between you and an amazing career has never been shorter. Join the Ford team today, and discover the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. Ford Motor Company also is committed to take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment such persons.