The purpose of this role is to champion, drive and implement workforce compliance objectives by partnering with city, state and community leaders, as well as Shawmut project teams, Estimating and Purchasing, and subcontractors, to increase access and opportunity for minorities, women and local community members in construction. This role will be responsible for expanding Shawmut’s relationships with local communities and facilitate partnerships with our subcontractors in order to increase workforce diversity and meeting the goals of clients, city, state and federal regulations across the New England region. Specifically, the role will work closely to address and exceed the requirements for the BRJP and UMass Building Authority and then other clients. Responsibilities Relationship Management: Develop strong relationships that will aid the project in functioning at a high level, particularly in critical and stressful situations. Develop, nurture and maintain ongoing community relationships, including minority business leaders, at the appropriate level reinforcing Shawmut’s commitment to continuously addressing the need to increase employment opportunities for Boston residents, people of color, and women on City of Boston funded and private construction projects. Develop understanding of client and community partner professional needs, wants, preferences and their personality. Use this understanding to find ways to deliver 9s and 10s. Develop strong relationships with project team and owner/client through maintaining good communication, open dialogue about changes, job conditions, issues, and following up in a timely manner. Inform project teams of all decisions and get buy-in, from all team members including PX, PM, superintendent and VP as needed to ensure entire project team trusts your judgment and feels you are there to help. Work collaboratively and build relationships with outside parties (I.e. Subcontractors, Architect, Engineer, etc.) to accomplish client, Shawmut and the BRJPO’s goals. Promote positive subcontractor relations by dealing professionally and fairly with all subcontractors and vendors instilling this philosophy in project team at all times. Compliance: Ensure that projects are set-up to meet the established compliance objectives, these are implemented, and all necessary paperwork is submitted (EEO reports, subcontractor weekly logs, etc.) and in place in a timely and accurate manner. Check, monitor and analyze necessary documents and enforce federal, state and city requirements. Ensure that Shawmut complies with all laws and regulations concerning the hiring of workers in the construction process regarding federally assisted, city sponsored, and privately funded developments within the city limits. Work with project team and estimating to ensure project is properly staffed and bought to meet Monitor, track and report to ODCR on the implementation and execution of the subcontractor diversity program performance. Analyze and review data in order to recommend changes in Shawmut programs, policies and procedures to improve the quality of services we provide to our clients and employees. Develop, recommend and implement policies and procedures related to meeting general and specific compliance goals or laws and that aid in the fostering of an inclusive environment on site. Develop comprehensive understanding of project strategy and commitments regarding the establishment and implementation of compliance goals and make sure project team is aware. Meet with town/city officials, union representatives prior to project commencement for smooth project compliance. Actively participate in all company-wide training and development initiatives, as well as meetings, and business line and company-wide initiatives to support and further company goals. Community Liaison: Develop critical relationships, especially with clients, community leaders, and minority and women construction subcontractors. Serve as a representative of Shawmut to various diversity community organizations. Attend community events, such as job fairs, to promote Shawmut’s brand and commitment to inclusion and increased access to underrepresented members in the construction field. Lead the Shawmut charge in increasing the pool of qualified Boston residents, people of color and females in skilled trades. This may include efforts such as expanded outreach, recruitment, training, or other activities. Network regularly and build relationships with MBE and WBD subcontractors and suppliers. Compliance Program Measurement: Design and implement measurement and evaluation tools and processes to determine program compliance and effectiveness. Assist in creating and managing standardized external and internal reporting systems. Assist in creating and managing standardized metrics and driving an environment of continuous improvement. Manage analytics by working with PST and HRIS teams to maintain the subcontractor compliance data. Use program measurements to systematically drive continuous improvement of program to further business outcomes. Conduct market research on diversity trends and best practices; as well as gathering input from key stakeholders. Ensure that any required reporting to the City of Boston, Boston Residents Job Policy Office is 100% accurate and compliant. People Development: Drive the growth and development of staff. Serve as a mentor and coach to all staff. Actively participates in all companywide training and development initiatives. Utilizing the tools provided within the Talent Cycle, collaborate with direct reports to create individual development plans that integrate the business needs of Shawmut, the career objectives of the staff member, and the staff member’s strengths and weaknesses. Provides ongoing support and feedback as plan is implemented. Inspire, educate and coach team to deliver superior client service. Actively participates in meetings, group and companywide initiatives (i.e. initiatives to improve processes and systems) to support and promote the value to others of involvement and to further company goals. COMPETENCIES Competency 1: Communicates Effectively Is straight forward and respectful with all roles and levels. Seeks to understand others’ point of view. Effectively explains reasons for choices. Knows when and how to ask for help. Receives and delivers difficult messages well. Competency 2: Establishes Strong Client Relationships Treats internal and external clients, vendors and subs as partners. Identifies client needs and addresses them. Identifies and acts on ways to add value. Identifies and acts on opportunities to expand the relationship. Balances client and Shawmut needs effectively. Competency 3: Anticipates Problems and Mitigates Risk Thinks ahead, identifies possible problems/risks and develops plans to mitigate them. Is rarely surprised. Uses resources effectively to resolve problems. Takes full responsibility when issues arises. Competency 4: Focuses on Results and Outcomes Begins with the end in mind – acts strategically to accomplish desired result. Keeps up with Shawmut’s fast pace and multiple demands and produces on time, quality results. Knows when follow through is needed and ensures it happens. Does not let the details drop. Makes timely decisions even without complete information when necessary. Competency 5: Freely Shares Knowledge and Expertise Continually builds own knowledge and expertise. Is open to new ways of doing things. Offers to coach/assist others with less experience. When problems arise, shares expertise to help resolve the issue. Makes self accessible for questions even when under stress. Competency 6: Acts in the Best Interest of Shawmut Makes decisions and acts with Shawmut’s long term interest in mind. Acts with integrity, maintaining the highest ethical standards. Is flexible and changes quickly based on Shawmut’s changing needs. Balances Shawmut’s needs with those of others including the client, the team, etc. Manages with profitability in mind. Competency 7: Demonstrates a Commitment to Safety Is well versed in Shawmut’s safety program procedures and policies. Consistently follows/enforces Shawmut’s safety procedures and policies. Makes tough decisions to ensure that safety remains on the front and center. Competency 8: Develops People; Builds Teams Communicates a clear shared purpose/goals/expectations for team members and communicates updates on progress through out. Provides timely, clear and specific feedback to the team and individual members, in a supportive, constructive manner. Provides challenging assignments to team members; stays in touch and supports them throughout. Holds the team and individual members accountable for meeting expectations/goals. Does not blame or shame others; uses failure as a learning opportunity. Qualifications Experience: 15+ years of experience partnering with key community stakeholders, participating in City and Community events and involvement. Preferred experience in HR related law and compliance, inclusion and multi-culturalism best practices. Knowledge of state and federal affirmative action/equal opportunity laws, regulations and programs. Education: Bachelor’s degree in a related field is preferred but not required. WORK CONDITIONS/PHYSICAL DEMANDS When on jobsite, may experience uneven, hazardous conditions, must be able to lift overheard and carry 10-25 lbs. Must be able to work outdoors for 3+ hours in heat, cold, or inclement weather conditions. Must adhere to Company Safety standards and wear hardhat, protective glasses, boots, etc. _The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to do this job. The above is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and duties required._ External and internal applicants, as well as position incumbents who become disabled as defined under the Americans with Disabilities Act must be able to perform the essential job functions (as listed) either unaided or with the assistance of a reasonable accommodation to be determined by management on a case by case basis.