Casa Systems, Inc. is a leading provider of next-generation broadband distributed and virtualized architectures in mobile, fixed telecom and cable networks. As the original supplier of commercially deployed CCAP systems that deliver voice, video, and data over a single port, Casa continues a tradition that brings leading edge solutions to hundreds of service providers around the world. At Casa Systems, our mission is to deliver ultra-broadband solutions that keep families, communities and the world connected. We harness our passion for innovation to drive technological solutions that allow service providers to do amazing things that improve the way we live. We are seeking to hire a Systems Administrator - LINUX to join our Information Technology team based in our Andover, MA, USA facility which is located about 30 minutes north of Boston. The Systems Administrator will be responsible for continued LINUX support, administration and maintenance of Casa's 7 x 24 x 365 Business Critical infrastructure. As a Linux expert he/she will make improvements and take action to help ensure the stability of our Linux infrastructure. ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: Responsible for Linux architecture and design for 24x7x365 global operation. Manage Red Hat Enterprise/Centos and other Linux OS servers. Maintain OS upgrades and patches. Upgrade and maintain NIS environment for the development servers. Backup and maintain all development data to SAN/Cloud based technology. Responsible for user Security access administration of the Linux systems. User support for Linux/Windows systems QUALIFICATIONS: Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience in related field; Computer Science highly desirable. Certification on LINUX. 5+ to 7 years related experience. Must be a team player. Requires good documentation skills to meet compliance requirements. Strong TCP/IP network and ability to troubleshoot networking issues. Experience with Perl/Shell scripting. Knowledge of Windows Domain controller. Knowledge of SAN/NAS environment for Linux/Windows. Knowledge of Apple OS. Knowledge of Data-domain de-duplication. Maintain OS upgrades and patches. VMware and Networker experience is a plus. PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS: Occasionally lifts/carries object and materials weighing +30 pounds. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Casa Systems, Inc. participates in the E‑Verify program. Casa Systems is committed to fostering a diverse workforce and inclusive work environment free from unlawful employment discrimination and without barriers to Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO). Required Skills Required Experience