Under the general leadership of the Strategy, Architecture and Analytics director (SAA), and in conjunction with other University areas and external organizations when necessary, the Business Intelligence and Analytics Engineer is responsible for designing, developing and evolving the environment (physical and logical) for the Enterprise Data Warehouse, Data Governance, Big Data and other systems. The Business Intelligence and Analytics Engineer is also responsible for enterprise data management implementation and for developing Metadata solutions. Position Specific Responsibilities: Lead architect providing design and implementation expertise around data warehouse, data marts, business intelligence reporting, cloud solutions, big data, and the ETL sub systems. Analyze the requirements for data warehouse and data integration across University systems and develops specifications for data integration and interfaces. Writes computer code to integrate data between systems, and to manage data workflow. Provides end to end solutions and helps during design and implementation of a Enterprise Data Warehouse and associated sub systems. Evaluates third party software and design potential infrastructure solutions to meet business needs. Ability to lead Data Analysts, ETL, and BI Report developers and provide leadership during different work streams within the project. Act as technical liaison between LMU partner offices and ITS. Engineer and implement processes to maintain integrity and quality of the data residing in the data warehouse, data marts and cloud systems. Responsible for day to day support of the data warehouse, associated data marts, and ETL systems. Designs and implements production processing tools, including performance monitoring, scheduling tools, and notification systems in the event of failure. Engage and collaborate with the “Operational” team in developing standards, guidelines and best practices for the development of data integration efforts. Design, create and maintain Real Time and Nightly ETL systems. Provide industry best practices in the domain of Data Architecture, Data Warehouse design and development. Will be responsible for data warehouse and enterprise BI solutions, including the planning, designing, and testing of installs, patches, upgrades, and clones of databases running primarily on Red Hat Linux, Windows operating systems and AWS environments. Represent LMU within internal and external communities and at professional organizations or associations, serve on committees as required. Perform other duties as assigned or requested. Experience/Qualifications: Must have minimum five (5) years of experience providing production support for several Oracle relational database management systems and applications, and systems troubleshooting in progressively responsible positions. Some experience with Oracle and third-party software, including, but not limited to, Oracle 11g/12c Enterprise Edition, Oracle Client, SQLPlus, RMAN, Enterprise Manager Grid Control, exp, imp, Data Pump, and TOAD is required; AWS is a plus. Minimum two (2) years of enterprise data warehouse experience and Business intelligence tools (like Business Objects, Tableau) in progressively responsible positions. Must have minimum two (2) years of experience working with ETL tools. TALEND is preferred. Enterprise working level knowledge of working with Data Modeling (Dimensional Schemas), creating logical and physical Data Warehouse models (including implementation into Physical schemas and utilizing complex SQL and PL-SQL). Relational database experience necessary (Oracle preferred). Must be well-versed in overall Oracle database performance monitoring, troubleshooting, and tuning. Experience with SQL diagnostics and tuning techniques a plus. Exemplary communication skills (both written and oral) evidenced by background in preparing comprehensive requirements, specifications, deployment procedures, testing plans, maintenance processes and incorporating complex, highly technical information. Ability to multi-task and work as an effective member of a team. Required Education: Typically a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, or related field or equivalent experience. Incumbent will be expected to continue upgrading knowledge, skills, and abilities needed to keep abreast of regulation/policy changes. License/Certification/Registration Requirements: Physical Demands (if applicable)