About The Opportunity What you’ll do GKN Aerospace is a global engineering business. Every time you travel by air almost anywhere in the world it is likely that GKN is helping you on your way. We design, manufacture and service systems and components for original equipment manufacturers around the world. We are continuously evolving, pioneering new technologies and reinventing existing ones, stretching ourselves to better in everything we do. The Business Intelligence Support/Data Analyst provides day-to-day support and maintenance of the SQL 2017 Data Warehouse and Qlik Sense server environments. Who you’ll work with This position supports GKN end users on a global level and will coordinate with their counterpart in the UK. This position reports to the Digital Solutions Manager. What you’ll do We are looking for people who want to make a difference, talented members with the skills and passions to become the best of the future in what they do. Responsible for 2nd tier and some 1st tier support. Supports a global manufacturing user base in the use, adoption and incident resolution of divisional Business Intelligence solutions. Tests applications and performs data analysis in support of KPI/dashboard validation Some Qlik Sense application development. About you Required Qualifications 3+ years’ IT experience in data analysis and/or business intelligence support, including experience in supporting and/or developing BI solutions (i.e., Qlik Sense, PowerBI, Tableau) required. Experience with SQL, including data warehouse support, programming and writing scripts required. U.S. Person per ITAR regulations to comply with export compliance and site SSA requirements. Preferred Qualifications Bachelor’s degree highly preferred. Experience of Qlik View or Qlik Sense preferred. Experience in ETL development/support using a mainstream technology preferred. Excellent analytical skills with a proven ability to use data to provide insights and identify root cause. Ability to work with minimal supervision and with effective planning and time management skills. Team player with good written and verbal communication skills, ability to listen effectively and interact with all levels in the organization, including counterparts providing UK support. Good analytical and problem solving ability GKN experience preferred. Diversity and Inclusion As a global engineering company, innovation is what differentiates us from our competitors and is central to our success. A balance of cultures, ethnicities and genders help bring new ideas and creativity to GKN. We need people of different backgrounds, with different skills and perspectives to spark originality, imagination and creativeness in our teams around the world. GKN is an equal opportunity employer. We treat all our employees and applicants fairly and are committed to ensuring that there is no discrimination or harassment against any employee or qualified applicant on the grounds of age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.