Job Summary and Mission This job contributes to Starbucks success by developing cost-effective information technology solutions by creating new and modifying existing software applications that are more complex. Participates in requirements gathering activities. Reviews systems under development and related documentation. Creates more complex prototypes. Codes, tests, debugs, documents, and implements complex software applications. May coordinate activities of the project team and assist in monitoring project schedules and costs. Models and acts in accordance with Starbucks Guiding Principles. Summary of Key Responsibilities Responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following: Coaches and mentors other less experienced team members. Performs cross- training and facilitates information sharing among team members. Collaborates with team members to recommend new software development technologies and development processes. Designs, develops, implements, documents, and tests changes to an application subsystem. Codes, tests, debugs, documents, and implements complex software applications. Creates more complex prototypes and ensures deliverables are high quality and meet user expectations. Supports system and integration testing activities. Initiates design reviews for new applications and adheres to software development standards. Participates in systems planning, scheduling and implementation. Collaborates with project team to keep projects on schedule by coordinating activities, monitoring project schedules, and costs. Participates in, leads and mentors others in requirements gathering and functional specification activities. May assist Functional Analysts in completing deliverables and translates business requirements and functional designs into technical designs. Assist with development of functional designs and resolving complex design issues. May act as senior technical expert to consult with and analyze the business needs. Resolves and helps mitigate production application issues and assists less experienced application developers as needed. Works with other business and technology teams to support resolution of end-user inquiries. Contributes to the documentation of production support processes. Anticipates long term support issues and plans for corrective actions. May perform root cause analysis to identify permanent resolutions to software or business process issues. Working with application development leads, establishes, maintains and ensures compliance with standards for development, testing and documentation.