Functional Area: CM - Communications Estimated Travel Percentage (%): Up to 25% Relocation Provided: No American General Life Insurance Company Your future team We all want a future that’s worth looking forward to. Helping people achieve their goals is what VALIC is all about. We call it being FutureFIT. FutureFITis all about our customers owning their future —living tomorrow the way they choose —and enjoying life the way they want. We’ve helped millions of individuals plan for, save for and realize the financial goals they’ve set. With the combined strength and diverse products of AIG member companies and VALIC powering your efforts, you can provide a uniquely high level of personalized retirement and financial planning—and make a real difference in the lives of those who deserve your help. Your contribution at AIG As a Communications Consultant, you will be responsible for providing communication-consulting services to VALIC’s strategic clients. You will work closely with members of the Relationship Management and Marketing Strategy to deliver best-in-class participant communication and education programs designed to meet our client’s retirement plan goals and objectives. You will report the Vice President, Institutional Marketing. Job Responsibilities include the following: Conceptualize and develop content for Communication and Education plans for VALIC Group Retirement clients. Collaborate with Project Management team, internal strategy and other departments (Product, Compliance, etc.) to promote company initiatives and ensure an integrated communications approach. Ability to work multiple projects with tight deadlines in a fast-paced, changing environment Write creative briefs for campaigns or complex projects. Provide strong project management include execute project plans, manage projects “end-to-end” by managing all resources to ensure the deadlines and client deliverables are met, prepare for engagement reviews and quality assurance procedures, and ensure documents are complete, current and stored appropriately. Provide consultative direction on client deliverables as required for communications projects, including the customization of materials. Coordinate team resources within Marketing Strategy and other internal and external partners to deliver on all aspects of an integrated communication and education plan for client relationships Develop, execute, and monitor participant communication and education projects including print, web, and multi-media while ensuring an efficient process and overall effectiveness of communications Analyze participant behavior and educational needs to propose best practice solutions and/or custom solutions Analyze plan-specific materials to develop knowledge of each client’s plan provisions and educate business partners as appropriate Deliver engaging and effective presentations which demonstrate and differentiate VALIC’s communication and education capabilities Keep abreast of emerging trends in communications and modify Institutional Marketing’s approach, as necessary, to remain competitive while meeting our client’s needs. Assist in managing the work of communication consultant t team members, by setting priorities, delegating responsibilities, reporting, tracking, and maintaining deadlines. What we are looking for BA/BS required 5+ years’ experience in employee benefits communications and/or financial services strongly preferred 5+ years’ communications consulting experience preferred Ability to manage long-term communications projects, as well as quick turn-around assignments Ability to analyze business strategies and develop communications plans and programs to meet customer needs. High-level verbal and written communications skills necessary to consult on communication planning with all management levels and to direct development of marketing materials with project team Must have the ability to prepare and deliver verbal presentations Demonstrated ability in financial services/retirement services marketing Operate well in a team environment and independently with minimal supervision required Ability to articulate complex situations simply and in an engaging style Outstanding project management skills and ability to deliver projects on schedule Advanced interpersonal skills, including conflict resolution, relationship building and negotiation Travel: Yes, up to 25% It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives.