The System Computer Support Specialist provides computer support to department management, staff and other personnel. Provides support through evaluation and implementation of new technology enhancements, business process improvements, computer system testing, new training and system procedure development and revision. Demonstrates proficiency in the use of personal computer technology and network software for assigned tasks. Works independently on project- oriented tasks that support department operations, with most tasks related to department computer systems and database maintenance and reporting. Performs software installations and upgrades. PATIENT AGE GROUP SERVED N/A DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Investigates and resolves problems in a timely manner. Notifies supervisor of any unresolved issues and refers problems to appropriate IT personnel when unable to personally resolve. Tracks all problems until they are resolved using department systems. Must have knowledge of computer hardware architecture, and have the ability to troubleshoot related problems. Revise Official Department Procedures, and supporting forms. Test and assist with implementation of available features and upgrades to GEAC mainframe software. Provide training and integration planning for additional System business activities. Maintain vendor database in both GEAC and PMM Systems; ensure that the information in the two databases is consistent. Set up new vendors; make changes and corrections as required. Obtain required tax forms; maintain file of completed forms. Maintain file of documentation related to vendor records on factors, assignments, liens, etc Coordinate computer systems for Accounts Payable. Responsible for daily, weekly and monthly scheduling of jobs Responsible for month end/year end processing and reconciliations Perform daily review of control reports and distribute reports. Create, modify and maintain report writer projects. Provide system security administration support. Primary A/P system liaison with Financial Accounting and IT. Provide support for PC users, including software installation, troubleshooting, equipment, upgrades, network interfaces, etc. Maintains accurate records of department software licenses. Maintain log of hardware and software problems. Develop advanced knowledge of PC software used in Accounts Payable. Prepare monthly Statistical Operations Reports Transmit daily computer file of checks issued to vendors Provide 1099 vendor file support and related annual IRS filing. Must be able to design Web pages using Internet developmental software. Keeps management informed on all aspects of assigned projects. Demonstrates the components of the ICARE values statement. Demonstrates SERVICE PRIDE standards. Follows all safety rules while on the job. Reports accidents promptly and corrects minor hazards. Performs other duties as assigned. EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS A business related bachelor's degree required EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS 1\. Five years in a computer-related office and experience in PC and mainframe applications with Windows, Excel, Email, and Network Software may be considered in lieu of a bachelor's degree. CERTIFICATES, LICENSES AND REGISTRATIONS REQUIRED List all licenses, certifications and registrations required. Spell out certifications rather than using initials. These must clearly relate to the essential functions of the job. SPECIAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED Knowledge of GEAC Millennium software is helpful. Must possess advanced skills and knowledge related to computer technology, networking and windows-based applications. Must be proficient in the use of office automation technology including Email, Windows, network software, personal computers and computer software including WordPerfect, Lotus 1-2-3 or Excel, Power point and MS Access. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS An Activity Checklist (see final page) must be prepared for each job and be attached to the job description. Reasonable accommodation may need to be made to these requirements to enable individuals with disabilities to perform this work. WORKING ENVIRONMENT Normal, non-smoking office environment; no unusual physical requirements.