3M is seeking an Advanced Research Specialist, with a Laser and Automation Focus for 3M’s Corporate Research Process Laboratory (CRPL) located in Maplewood, MN. At 3M, you can apply your talent in bold ways that matter. Here, you go. Job Summary : The person hired for the position of Advanced Research Specialist, Laser and Automation will work in a cross-functional team-based environment, as a principal investigator and will develop innovative automated laser technologies. This position offers a unique opportunity to promote rapid commercialization of new products through successful technology scale-up. Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Lead innovation and development of novel applied laser technology utilizing optical engineering and photonic expertise and infrastructure Collaborate closely with robotic platform to develop automated solutions Develop process technology to enable new and unique products with increased performance and improved customer experience Drive successful technology scale-up from laboratory to manufacturing and assist with troubleshooting process and product quality issues Effectively document, communicate, and disseminate research results through the framework of 3M's new technology and product introduction programs Provide laser and optical processing expertise to support manufacturing operations and transfer technology to 3M’s technical community through consulting and teaching Basic Qualifications: Possess a Ph. D. (completed and verified prior to start) in a science or engineering discipline from an accredited institution Experience with standard laboratory equipment, optics, instrumentation and electronics working in a private, public, government or military environment Preferred Qualifications: Possess a Ph. D. in Physics, Optical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Material Science or Computer Science, or related discipline from an accredited university More than three years of industrial research experience developing laser, optical engineering or photonic systems Interpersonal skills and the ability to excel in cross-functional environments Must be highly motivated, self-starting and a creative problem solver Experience and understanding of lasers and optical instrumentation and equipment Knowledge of automated robotic path planning, localization, computer vision, machine learning Excellent project management skills Experience generating and protecting intellectual property Evidence of strong, hands-on, experimental skills Strong communication skills (oral, written and presentation) Location: Maplewood, MN Travel: May include up to 10% domestic/international Relocation Benefits: Are authorized for this position This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career. About 3M At 3M, we apply science in collaborative ways to improve lives daily. With $30 billion in sales, our 90,000 employees connect with customers all around the world. Learn more about 3M’s creative solutions to the world’s problems at www.3M.com or on Twitter @3M or @3MNewsroom. Here, you go! For information about a career at 3M go directly to www.3m.com/careers .