Are you enthusiastic about writing Web applications? Do you want to work with other smart and exciting people who are passionate about their jobs? We are looking for a dynamic team member to lead our web development initiatives and develop high performing applications. Responsibilities: I want to and can do that! Write state of the art applications, using JavaScript stack. Work with multi-functional teams to implement responsive UI across multiple applications. Work closely with BSA/functional leads and QA teams in converting functional specifications into detailed design and assist when needed with the creation and execution of test plans. Work with key architects and managers to establish and implement standard methodologies for delivery of high quality software. Work together with other members of web and custom application development team to produce high quality applications. Work alongside support organizations for maintaining, supporting, and upgrading existing systems and applications. Ensure development projects meet business requirements and goals, fulfill end-user requirements, identify and resolve systems issues. Ensure any new software integration into corporate systems meets functional requirements, system compliance, security restrictions and interface specifications. Provide related project documentation to ensure project objectives are met; product designs are well documented and communicated. Engage in hands-on, in-depth analysis, review, design, development and debugging of the software. Analyze existing programs or formulate logic for new systems, devise logic procedures, prepare flow chart, perform coding and test/debug programs. Requirements: I’ve already done that or have that! 7+ years of web application development using Javascript, HTML, MVC frameworks. 2+ years of professional experience developing applications with the JavaScript stack. Strong knowledge of CSS and Javascript. Familiarity with developing and working with REST APIs using node.js frameworks. Experience with UI frameworks Knowledge of website design industry standards. Excellent problem solving skills and exceptional attention to details. Demonstrable ability to learn new technologies quickly. Experience with automated software and system management and development tools. Experience designing and developing complex multi-tiered applications. Experience working in a team-first, collaborative environment. Experience working on cross-browser platforms. Exposure to project methodology or work structures; understand project lifecycle. Excellent communications and interpersonal skills. Consistent track record of developing web applications, from inception to delivery. Highly self-motivated and self-directed. Good understanding of databases, networking, security, privacy and compliance. Familiarity with JIRA, GIT and agile development methodology a big plus. Familiarity with application containerization. Familiarity with AWS a plus. Education: Got it! BSCS/EE/CE or equivalent experience Are you looking for an incredible place to work that celebrates innovation, leadership and creativity? Please contact us. Splunk offers competitive compensation and excellent benefits. When you join Splunk you'll be working with a team of smart individuals who are as passionate about our products as our customers' success. We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which you are applying.