Job Description: Job Description The Email Development Manager role requires a seasoned email development professional that has a deep understanding of email development and the Salesforce Marketing Cloud. The role spans the full lifecycle of the email process from idea inception through email deployment. The Email Development Manager must be able to work effectively with a variety of business owners to understand their email needs and work with the Email as a Service (EaaS) team to fulfill business needs. The role provides hands on guidance to the EaaS team which translates program business requirements into email marketing campaigns using various technology and works with external partners and clients. Responsibilities: Work collaboratively with the EaaS team to accomplish the following: Be the email development SME to provide guidance on development efforts to make that process more efficient, consistent, sustainable and scalable. Ensure email industry best practices are being followed. Guide the effort to migrate all existing emails to the new Salesforce Content Builder functionality. Champion the implementation of templates and promote them outwardly to our business partners and stakeholders. Estimate the work effort for projects. Work closely with the Project Manager to ensure projects are delivered on time. Maintain a strong relationship between the Dearborn and Chennai teams and ensure the Chennai team is fully utilized and processes are optimized for onshore/offshore work coordination. Participate in the Discovery/Pre-Discovery process for new projects. Implement a developer peer review process. Help facilitate the integration of the OneMagnify and GTB development teams. Focus on successful team performance and continual improvement Required Experience: Qualifications: BA/BS in Business, Information Systems or related technical field 5 + years in an email development management role 2 + years of experience with Salesforce Marketing Cloud Subject matter expertise in SFMC automations, journeys, data extensions, triggered emails & extracts Self-starter, high level of initiative, detail-oriented and ability to multi-task Strong interpersonal, collaboration and communications skills Strong problem solving skills Able to lead an email services development team and manage complex business requirements Keyword: Salesforce Marketing Cloud From: OneMagnify