Careers that Change Lives The quest for better health and high quality care at more affordable costs is the driving force behind Medtronic’s commitment to be a leader in the transformation of healthcare, partnering closely with payers, providers, regulators, patients and private organizations. The Data Science VBHC (Value-Based Healthcare) Program Manager will be a key member of the Corporate Data Science organization located in the Technology Solutions area. The Data Science VBHC Program Manager will help architect new business strategies, technologies, and methodologies to support the delivery of Value- Based Healthcare (VBHC) Initiatives. We are looking for an enthusiastic, energetic, accountable, flexible and experienced individual with extensive hands-on experience who is willing to work in a very dynamic environment and accept risks and rewards of a start-up environment. The candidate will coordinate and organize the Data Science supported VBHC activities, partnering with internal and external stakeholders to inform valuable, transformative business strategies for Medtronic and the industry as a whole. The position will be primarily responsible for providing project and program management support for Signature Programs from a Data Science and Technology perspective with key hospital partners and business analysis of existing and to-be-developed VBHC solutions. The candidate will drive alignment, coordination and deployment across the enterprise through consistent dissemination of activities and learnings. You will be counted upon to partner closely with various internal and external stakeholders to develop and execute a meaningful roadmap on how we operationalize VBHC programs. This position will be responsible for the successful execution of selected projects and the implementation of new solutions. The position operates in a cross-business unit and cross-functional matrix environment, collaborating with colleagues from the fields of Business Development, Marketing, Clinical Research, IT, Advanced Analytics, Quality, Research & Development, Reimbursement, Connected Care, Biostatistics, and Regulatory. A Day in the Life Responsibilities may include the following and other duties may be assigned. Lead Program Management for all Data Science focused VBHC activities; manage all related communication with key partner organizations throughout various levels of the organization, ranging from individual project contributors to leadership. Interface with internal and external customers and stakeholders to understand data science needs and solutions, and collaborate effectively, working toward a shared and aligned goal, executing predefined project plans. Manage project risks and ensure customer engagement and satisfaction. Support solution design of novel applications, tools or procedures, and system platforms. Contribute a strong voice when participating in the creation of deliverables, milestones and processes attributed to the projects; lead requirements gathering and/or reviews. Ensure effective problem solving and strategy implementation. Be a quick, tactical decision-maker that is capable and comfortable with handling unforeseen issues independently. Lead and oversee projects that can range in scope and will include pre-concept/early development projects that will require a hands-on mentality and nimble ability to work; develop detailed business and technical requirements. Continuously build and leverage a broad network across the organization to ensure best team structure and members are identified and engaged; successfully navigate and influence across the matrix; identify key stakeholders, understand and manage their expectations, and establish and follow effective communication plans Oversees and manages the operational aspects of ongoing projects and serves as liaison between project management and planning, project team, and line management. Manages the development and implementation process of a company's products and services involving departmental or cross-functional teams focused on the delivery of new or existing products. Reviews status of projects and budgets; manages schedules and prepares status reports. Monitors the project from initiation through delivery. Assesses project issues and develops resolutions to meet productivity, quality, and client-satisfaction goals and objectives. Develops mechanisms for monitoring project progress and for intervention and problem solving with project managers, line managers, and clients. Must Have: Minimum Requirements Bachelor's Degree Minimum of 7 years experience, or advanced degree with a minimum of 5 years prior experience Project leadership experience in technology driven environment Nice to Have MBA Advanced knowledge and skills with a specific technical or professional discipline Understanding of multiple healthcare data sources and systems and processes (EMR, hospital, registries, etc.) Technically savvy; must be able to discuss, understand and make decisions regarding a wide array of engineering disciplines and complex technical/logistical issues. Understanding of risk-sharing models and fee-for-value models Strong Business Acumen Previous device manufacturer experience preferred Ability to collaborate with teams comprised of individuals with diverse backgrounds; including but not limited to R&D;, Software, Hardware, Regulatory, Manufacturing, Quality Assurance, Clinical and Marketing. Entrepreneurial courage; must be confident managing risks and making decisions that will likely have a large impact on strategic organizational objectives. Works independently; self-directed. Intellectual curiosity, along with excellent problem-solving and quantitative skills, including the ability to disaggregate issues, identify root causes and recommend solutions Strong results orientation (driving to deadlines, financial targets, project goals, etc.). Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, negotiating; managing change; goal setting; planning and organizing teamwork; ability to address difficult situations; conflict resolution; resource constraint and problem solving. Strong written communication skills. Technical and functional understanding of business intelligence solutions (e.g. data acquisition, enriching, integrating, interrogating and visualizing). Skills using the tools and techniques of Project Management. Successfully managed multiple projects. Ability to interact effectively with customers to ensure that project scope and requirements are clearly defined and executable. About Medtronic Together, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, we push the limits of what technology, therapies and services can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be. We want to accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. Let’s work together to address universal healthcare needs and improve patients’ lives. Help us shape the future. Physical Job Requirements The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this position, but they are not an exhaustive list of all the required responsibilities and skills of this position. The physical demands described within the Day in the Life section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.