Atlassian is seeking an Infrastructure Financial Analyst to join the Financial Planning & Analysis team (FP&A;). In this role, you'll be part of the team that plans capacity and drives Cloud infrastructure strategies. You will evaluate critical capacity planning changes, develop plans that encompass storage and compute planning, and maintain the plan of record for Atlassian's Cloud infrastructure program. You're a great fit for this if you're looking to make a big impact, partner directly with business owners across all of our products and platform, and take your career to the next level, we encourage you to join us in this exciting journey. You'll thrive if you are driven, highly organized, self starter, analytical and have a strong eye for detail. Atlassian moved to Amazon Web Services (AWS) and uses all but 2 of their services. For more information, watch this podcast by our Head of Infrastructure, Mike Tria: http://architechtshow.com/ep-56-atlassian- infrastructure-head-on-moving-to-the-cloud-and-kubernetes. More about you In this role, you'll get to: Engage with Product and Platform account and service owners to track, manage and forecast infrastructure spend across their business Lead planning discussions and project reviews with key stakeholders, such as Jira and Confluence site reliability engineers, to align on new projects and ensure alignment on all aspects of infrastructure planning Host and manage regular sync-up meetings covering infrastructure changes. Manage any requested changes to the plan and work with engineering groups in evaluating the capacity, cost, and timing impacts Build a process to capture and review incremental change requests to our plans. Build models to identify optimization opportunities Work with the Cloud Engineering team to set up goals, metrics and track reserved instance and other private pricing program impact. Work with the Cloud Engineering team to develop next generation network planning tools Use visualization and mapping tools such as Tableau, Excel and other data analytics tools to conduct analysis, produce charts/graphs and support partner/internal engagements Engage with business owners and infrastructure partners using data analytics, metrics and tools to help transform our networks and infrastructure Work closely with the Cloud Engineering Team to identify, flag and rectify any data inconsistencies related to our Cloud Infrastructure billing Assemble presentation materials and conduct analysis in support of program updates and decisions Own the communications strategy for all capacity planning changes which includes executive level and detailed project briefs and status updates On your first day, we'll expect you to have: At least 1-2 years Finance experience A degree in Business, Economics, Finance or a related analytical field Some experience with planning and budgeting processes, financial forecasting, P&L; management, interpreting and reporting business performance results Strong financial modelling skills in Excel A curiosity to learn and take initiative to solve problems independently Strong critical thinking, organizational, interpersonal, communication and collaboration skills Strong written and verbal communication skills to explain financial data to non-finance leaders Comfort with challenging leaders to drive return on investment and operational improvements Experience and comfortable working in a dynamic, rapidly changing environment It's great, but not required if you to have: Exposure to working with planning tools (e.g., Anaplan) and finance systems (e.g., Netsuite) SQL skills and understanding of database / data warehousing concepts and proficient with Excel / spreadsheet tools Knowledge of BI tools and technologies (e.g. Tableau) Technology or Software / SaaS industry experience More about our team The FP &A; team is a talented and collaborative team with a unique mix of technology industry, consulting and financial services background. Our responsibilities include facilitating planning, providing insight into business performance, supporting strategic decision-making and helping predict the future of the business. We encourage decision-making at every level and highly value an open-minded approach and organizational openness. We partner closely with business leaders across multiple functions including product, GTM and finance to support the Company’s continued growth. You'll join a team that is not only smart, motivated, passionate about Atlassian's products and customers, but also fun to work with. More about our benefits Our offices are open, highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year to support your favorite cause, plenty of food and beverages, ergonomic workstations with sit/stand desks, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years, generous employer-paid insurance coverage (medical, dental, and vision) for you and your family, 401k matching and more. More about Atlassian Software is changing the world, and we’re at the center of it all. With a customer list that reads like a who's who in tech and a highly disruptive business model, we’re advancing the art of team collaboration with products like Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, Trello, and now Stride. Driven by honest values, an amazing culture, and consistent revenue growth, we’re out to unleash the potential of every team. From Amsterdam and Austin to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who are powered by passion and eager to do the best work of their lives in a highly autonomous yet collaborative, no B.S. environment. Additional Information We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. _Atlassian, Inc., will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of SFPC_ _Art.49_ _._