Under general direction, independently performs professional functions for the Unemployment Insurance (UI) Program for the Illinois Department of Employment Security. Conducts evaluations, research and develops new and existing processes for UI Programs, including but not limited to adjudication, claims, certification, determinations, payment, benefit charging and INS activities. Provides assistance to Statewide UI Program Manager in organizing and developing guidelines and procedures to ensure effectiveness and quality of IDES UI Programs. Develops, implements and presents training modules, webinars, in person seminars and job aids related to UI Programs; provides technical assistance, guidance and advice to IDES staff. Participates in projects for special federally funded programs; Coordinates and provides input for UI Program audits and federal and state reporting. Keeps abreast of changes to laws, rules and regulations related to Unemployment Insurance programs. Minimum Requirements: Requires knowledge, skill and mental development equivalent to the completion of four years of college with major courses in the social sciences and two years of professional experience in program research, evaluation or design, preferably related to Unemployment Insurance programs; or the equivalent to six years of related work experience and four years of progressively responsible professional experience in program research, evaluation or design; preferably related to Unemployment Insurance programs. Requires extensive knowledge of Unemployment Insurance programs, including Disaster Unemployment Assistance (DUA) Program, Emergency Unemployment Compensation Program (EUC), and Trade Readjustment Act (TRA); Service Delivery Bureau programs, service goals, activities and operational systems; Unemployment Insurance Act, rules, policies and procedures, Employment and Training Handbooks 301 and 401. Requires working knowledge of state or federal regulations impacting on the design or operation of ES and UI Programs; training, public relations and automated system capabilities within the agency. Requires the ability to analyze IBIS Claims and Adjudication programming requirements; analyze and interpret Statements of Work for all required adjudication and claims programming changes and updates in IBIS; effectively communicate with internal and external staff in oral and written form, as well as the general public; establish and maintain cooperative working relationships; analyze problems and adopt an effective course of action; and to use a PC and related software programs. Special Skills : Of the years experience outlined above, requires one year experience in working directly with the Illinois Benefit Information System and Benefit Charging System (BIS). Requires experience and knowledge of IBIS reports, and all UI claims, certification, adjudication and payment policies and procedures. Work Hours & Location/Agency Contact: Office Hours: 8:30 am - 5:00 pm Work location: 33 South State Street 9th fl Chicago, Illinois Certified IDES employees must follow the instructions on the internal IDES posting (not NEOGOV instructions). Other certified State employees can send their CMS-100 Employment Application and Notice of Interest in Vacancy Form to: IL. Dept. of Employment Security Recruitment & Selection 33 S. State Street, 8th floor Chicago, IL 60603 All other applicants must follow the instructions below. PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT YOUR APPLICATION TO THIS AGENCY. Please note: FAXED APPLICATIONS & BIDS ARE NOT ACCEPTED Testing & Grading questions can be directed to: CMS - 312-793-3565 (Chicago) or 217-524-1321 (Springfield) Notice Statement of Equal Opportunity Employer and Nondiscrimination: IDES is an Equal Opportunity employer and does not discriminate in admission to its facilities, treatment of or employment of persons in its programs or activities in compliance with the Illinois Human Rights Act, the Illinois Constitution, the U.S. Civil Rights Act, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act, as amended, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and the U.S. Constitution. Auxiliary aids and services are available upon request to individuals with disabilities . The Equal Employment Opportunity Officer is responsible for ensuring compliance with these laws. Any issues or concerns should be addressed to the EO Office at 33 S. State, 10th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60603 or by calling (312) 793-9290. How to Apply: Click Here for Applicant Information and Grading Procedures This position may require a current grade from Central Management Services (CMS), Division of Examining and Counseling, to be deemed qualified and available for employment consideration. For more information, please refer to the Work4Illinois website at Work.Illinois.Gov and select 'Application Procedures'. Additional information may also be obtained from the Agency Contact listed above or by contacting CMS, Division of Examining and Counseling at Work4Illinois@Illinois.gov or (217) 782-7100, (217) 785-3979 (TDD/TTY), (800) 526-0844 (TTY Only). Additional Documentation for Employment Security Specialist III: Class Specification Additional Title and Exam Information These documents are in PDF format and can be viewed using Adobe Reader. NOTE: Salary amounts shown are only to be used as a guide; actual salary will be determined at the time of hire based on current salary plans and/or collective bargaining agreements, if applicable.