Join Our Team: Do Meaningful Work and Improve People’s Lives Our purpose, to improve customers’ lives by making healthcare work better, is far from ordinary. So are our employees. Working at Premera means you have the opportunity to drive real change by transforming healthcare. To better serve our customers, we’re creating a culture that promotes employee growth, collaborative innovation, and inspired leadership. We are committed to creating an environment where employees can do their best work and where best- in-class talent comes, stays, and thrives! As an Actuarial Analyst I for our Healthcare Economics team, you would be on the forefront of changes happening in the healthcare industry. This is an excellent entry level opportunity to be part of a dynamic, close-knit team. You will be involved in efforts to reduce the overall cost of medical and pharmacy services. You will work collaboratively with work groups by extracting and presenting data that helps formulate strategic decisions across the enterprise. You will be using data to provide analytics to support value based programs and contracts with Premera’s network of providers. What you’ll do: Pull data, build models, analyze and criticize data and put together exhibits Participate in internal and external meetings, presenting data and analytics Perform standard work and make recommendations for process improvements Participate in peer reviews, give presentations and special projects What you bring: Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, actuarial science, statistics or four (4) years’ work experience. Experience with Excel Experience with SQL, Java, C++, or VBA is a plus Critical thinking skills Ability to successfully manage several projects at once What we offer: Premera is proud to offer a comprehensive benefits package including: Medical, vision and dental coverage Life and disability insurance Retirement programs (401K employer match and pension plan) Wellness incentives, onsite services, a discount program and more Tuition assistance for undergraduate and graduate degrees Generous Paid Time Off to reenergize Free parking