Our past is full of iconic moments — but our future is going to spark many more. We're looking for the people who'll help make our next decade just as revolutionary as our first five. If you're one of the super-talented who thrive on change, aren't afraid to take risks and love to make a difference, you're the right fit. Come grow with us. The Customer Data and Analytics organization is a critical component of the Customer and Strategy Team at Gap Inc. This team is chartered with unlocking the power of customer data and analytics to drive customer obsession across Gap Inc. Additionally, this organization is responsible for building the Customer Data and Analytics Platform on behalf of the entire organization in partnership with GapTech. The Manager, Customer Data & Growth Analytics is focused on leveraging customer data and analytics methods to drive customer and business outcomes for key stakeholders across the Old Navy brand. Key Responsibilities: Perform analytics and develop models to monitor customer trends and improve decision making for key stakeholders across the Old Navy brand Deliver analytics and insights to inform customer roadmap strategies that support the key growth initiatives for the Old Navy brand Pull and develop customer analytics to drive marketing and business tactics (e.g. personalization) in support of customer roadmap strategies Partner with key stakeholders specifically within the Old Navy brand to leverage customer data and analytics to drive customer and business outcomes Proactively identify opportunities to evolve the customer data and analytics roadmap based on needs of key stakeholders Key Experiences: 3+ years of experience in customer analytics Knowledge of retail and ecommerce customer domains required Strong business acumen, and superior written, verbal and presentation skills Proficient in data access methods for large customer and transaction databases Proficient in leveraging customer analytical methods to drive customer and business outcomes KEY BENEFITS: Merchandise discount for our brands: 50% off regular-priced merchandise at Gap, Banana Republic and Old Navy, 30% off at Outlet and 25% off at Athleta. One of the most competitive Paid Time Off plans in the industry. Employees can take up to five “on the clock” hours each month to volunteer at a charity of their choice. Extensive 401(k) plan with company matching for contributions up to four percent of an employee’s base pay. Employee stock purchase plan. Employees receive medical, dental, vision and life insurance. Employees can apply for tuition reimbursement. Family care programs. Commuter benefits. Pet Discount Program. For eligible employees Gap Inc. is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. We are committed to recruiting, hiring, training and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds, and make all employment decisions without regard to any protected status. In 2016, Gap Inc. was named one of the Best Places to Work by the Human Rights Campaign for the thirteenth consecutive year and was the sole winner of the Catalyst award for equality in the workplace in 2016.