Sila is looking for a rock star Business Systems Analyst to develop collaborative relationships and deliver world class solutions for our clients. You will be executing complex projects that are challenging and critical to our clients success. Your teams solution will be impacting and improving the work life of thousands of users, as our clients rely on our team to develop custom applications that enable their companies to thrive in todays world. We are looking for a high performer with SDLC experience who can engage business and IT stakeholders to gain a deep understanding of system requirements in order to fulfill business needs and objectives. Your role will have horizontal and vertical impact across the enterprise as you play an active role throughout the SDLC, guiding development teams and delivering true value. Responsibilities Actively participate and lead the delivery of technology solutions and support the creation of artifacts through a rigorous and logical approach to solving business performance issues Lead and execute efforts to produce documentation to support project delivery and define information architecture. These include: technical requirements, functional specifications, data flow diagrams, test cases, requirements traceability matrices, detailed specifications requiring swim lanes, flow charts, wireframes/mockups, user stories, and use case documentation Perform and follow through independently with minimal guidance and effectively manage multiple projects at any given time, setting priorities, schedules, and meeting deadlines Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs Deliver on technical analysis and planning, business performance analysis, and business process design Lead the execution of test scripts to ensure the functional requirements have been met Support the adoption of the solution Unit and System Testing, Integration Testing, identifying deployment activities, and helping to define business processes Requirements Bachelor's degree in Systems Engineering or other related technical field Minimum of 5-7 years of experience supporting business analysis for software development projects, developing real-world scaled solutions and leveraging waterfall, agile, and hybrid methodologies High degree of technical competence, a deep understanding of the SDLC, and ability to understand detailed functional requirements and translate them into technical specifications Experience and/or interest in supporting the development of custom applications Experience integrating and deploying COTS products Strong ability to analyze business and systems requirements, business system capabilities, workflow, and functional limitations; identify information systems integration points; and develop procedures to improve existing systems Analytical skills to evaluate tradeoffs between usability and performance needs Experience recognizing scope limitations and raising potential scope issues, while supporting the best technical solution design and approach Strong interpersonal and leadership skills including collaboration and facilitation Goal oriented and will take the initiative to do what it takes to achieve business goals Adaptable, dependable, and willing to learn independently Passionate about staying up-to-date on the latest technologies and wanting to advance their career by learning new domains Sila will not sponsor any employee in this position for a work visa, now or in the future (i.e. H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant or immigrant status) About Sila Sila is a North American technology and management consulting firm that provides lasting and substantial business solutions to the worlds leading corporations and U.S. government agencies. We are a values-driven company with a culture that fosters collaboration, creativity, and social responsibility. Sila employees are part of a community of vibrant, high-performing contributors who push each other to achieve the highest standard of excellence. Our team members have extensive opportunities to discover their passions and shape their own career paths, and we continually invest in employees growth through innovative training, mentorship, and professional development programs. Staff are quickly immersed in clients business challenges, work closely with emerging technologies to develop impactful solutions to these challenges, and are exposed to a variety of industries and market offerings. We are looking for full-time employees to become an integral part of our growing team. Sila is headquartered in Washington, D.C. and has offices in Annapolis Junction, MD; Chicago, IL; Denver, CO; Seattle, WA; and Shelton, CT. Sila offers a range of great benefits including a comprehensive healthcare package, 401K with matching, paid time off, and paid company holidays, as well as other unique benefits that support our staffs active work/life balance. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.