Job Description The Amazon Devices team designs and engineers high-profile consumer electronics, including the new Cloud Cam and Alexa family of products. We have also produced groundbreaking devices such as Echo Show and the Echo Look to add Computer Vision to Alexa. What will you help us create? The Role: As a Cloud Software Development Engineer, you will engage with an experienced cross-disciplinary staff to conceive, design, and bring to market innovative consumer electronics products. You will work closely with an internal interdisciplinary team and outside partners to drive key aspects of product definition, execution, and test. You must be responsive, flexible, and able to succeed within an open collaborative peer environment. The ideal candidate has current and extensive experience developing and building distributed systems and applications. The ideal candidate: Has in-depth expertise working with distributed systems and understands how they are deployed. Enjoys working side by side with partners, colleagues and teams on tough problems Is highly effective and thrives in a dynamic environment with multiple, changing priorities Knows what is important when shipping products to customers and has been through the process from start to finish Is comfortable with proactive outward communication and technical leadership and never shies away from a challenge Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years of experience doing hands-on software development 5+ years of current experience working with Distributed systems or applications. 5+ years of experience in REST architecture for web services 5+ years of coding skills in JAVA Preferred Qualifications Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field Experience with working on AWS services(S3, DynamoDB, EC2). Strong communication and interpersonal skills Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs Proficiency in the tools of the trade, including a variety of modern programming languages (Java, C/C++, Python) and open-source technologies (Linux, Android, OpenGL, Eclipse) Data analysis and debugging skills Lab126 is part of the Amazon.com, Inc. group of companies and is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation LI-PT1