DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH SERVICES FILING DATES: 8/10/2018 at 8:00 a.m - Until the needs of the service are met and is subject to closure without prior notice EXAM NUMBER: Y4593I TYPE OF RECRUITMENT: Open Competitive Job Opportunity THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS A REBULLETIN TO REOPEN THE EXAMINATION AND UPDATE SALARY INFORMATION. PERSONS WHO HAVE APPLIED WITHIN THE LAST TWELVE (12) MONTHS NEED NOT REAPPLY, BUT MAY SUBMIT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION IF THEY WISH. THE INFORMATION MUST INCLUDE THE CORRECT EXAMINATION TITLE AND EXAMINATION NUMBER. DEFINITION: Researches, analyzes, and makes recommendations regarding the use and deployment of resources and the implementation and refinement of operations and programs having department-wide impact within the Department of Health Services. Essential Job Functions Analyzes department services and makes recommendations for such services, develops policies and procedures to ensure compliance with various rules and regulations. Negotiates with state or federal agencies to obtain grant funds and to justify and persuade grantor officials to permit the expenditure of funds for purposes contrary to an original grant. Represents the department regarding healthcare related issues and collaborates with various community stakeholders and members of the healthcare team. Ensures that recommended changes in department programs and resolutions to operational problems increase the efficiency and effectiveness of deliverable services. Participates in studies of complex and difficult problem areas. Participates in the implementation of recommended procedures and programs. Acts as a team leader of other analysts, when necessary. Performs special assignments and projects, as directed. Requirements SELECTION REQUIREMENTS: Option I: Four (4) years of experience in a staff capacity analyzing and making recommendations for the solution of problems of organization, program, procedure, budget or personnel at the level of Administrative Assistant III or higher. Option II: One (1) year of highly responsible administrative or staff experience at the level of the County of Los Angeles class of Assistant Staff Analyst, Health Services, or higher. LICENSE: A valid California Class C Driver License or the ability to utilize an alternative method of transportation when needed to carry out job-related essential functions. PHYSICAL CLASS II - Light: Light physical effort which may include occasional light lifting to a 10 pound limit, and some bending, stooping or squatting. Considerable walking may be involved. SPECIAL REQUIREMENT INFORMATION: Experience at the level of Administrative Assistant III in the County of Los Angeles is defined as: Defines, analyzes, and makes recommendations for the solution of highly complex operating, budgetary and financing, and other management problems of a County department, and participates in the implementation of their solution. Experience at the level of Assistant Staff Analyst, Health, in the County of Los Angeles is defined as: Assists in research and analysis, and makes recommendations regarding the use and deployment of resources and the implementation and refinement of operations and programs within a healthcare setting. DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS: Additional credit will be given to applicants who possess the desirable qualification in excess of the Selection Requirements. Bachelor's degree, or higher, from an accredited college or university, in one of the following areas: Business Administration, Public Administration, Public Health, Healthcare Administration, or a closely related field. In order to receive credit for any type of college degree, such as a Bachelor's degree or higher, you must include a legible photocopy of the degree or official transcripts from the accredited institution which shows the area of specialization at the time of filing or within 15 calendar days of filing online. Additional Information Examination Content: This examination will consist of an evaluation of experience based upon application information and desirable qualifications, weighted 100%. Candidates must achieve a passing score of 70% or higher on the examination in order to be placed on the eligible register. Eligibility Information: Applications will be processed on an "as-received" basis and those receiving a passing score will be promulgated to the eligible register accordingly. The names of candidates receiving a passing score on the examination will be added to the eligible register and will appear in the order of their score group for a period of twelve (12) months following the date of eligibility. No person may compete in this examination more than once every twelve (12) months. Special Information: Appointees may be required to work any shift including evenings, nights, weekends and holidays. Vacancy Information: The resulting eligible register for this examination will be used to fill vacancies within the Department of Health Services. Available Shift: Any APPLICATION AND FILING INFORMATION: APPLICATIONS MUST BE FILED ONLINE ONLY. APPLICATIONS SUBMITTED BY U.S. MAIL, FAX, OR IN PERSON WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. Apply online by clicking on the green "Apply" button at the top right of this posting. You can also track the status of your application using this website. All information is subject to verification. We may reject your application at any time during the examination and hiring process, including after appointment has been made. Falsification of any information may result in disqualification or rescission of appointment. Utilizing VERBIAGE from the Class Specification and Selection Requirements serving as your description of duties WILL NOT BE sufficient to demonstrate that you meet the requirements. Doing so may result in an INCOMPLETE APPLICATION and you may be disqualified. This examination will remain open until the needs of the service are met. Application filing may be suspended at any time without advance notice. Fill out your application completely. The acceptance of your application depends on whether you have clearly shown that you meet the requirements. Provide any relevant education, training, and experience in the spaces provided so we can evaluate your qualifications for the job. For each job held, give the name and address of your employer, your job title, beginning and ending dates, number of hours worked per week and description of work performed. If your application is incomplete, it will be rejected. Applications electronically received after 5:00 p.m., PST, on the last day of filing will not be accepted. Note: If you are unable to attach required documents, you must fax them to (323) 869-0942 or e-mail the documents to the exam analyst, within 15 calendar days of filing online. Please include the exam number and exam title. SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER: Please include your Social Security Number for record control purposes. Federal law requires that all employed persons have a Social Security number. COMPUTER AND INTERNET ACCESS AT PUBLIC LIBRARIES: For candidates who may not have regular access to a computer or the internet, applications can be completed on computers at public libraries throughout Los Angeles County. NO SHARING OF USER ID AND PASSWORD: All applicants must file their application online using their own user ID and password. All applicants must file their application using their own user ID and password. Using a family member's or friend's user ID and password may erase a candidate's original application record. ADA Coordinator Phone: 323-914-7111 California Relay Services Phone: 800-735-2922 Department Contact: Eric Sanchez, Exam Analyst 323-914-7042 esanchez3@dhs.lacounty.gov