Team Industrial Services, Inc. is the worldwide leader in minimizing equipment and asset downtime, providing specialized industrial on-line maintenance, inspection and repair. We provide critical services to our customers that enable them to maintain and operate their facilities and equipment in a safe and productive manner with over 220 locations throughout the world. At Team, we invest in our employees with the top training and development resources, meeting the needs of the company and the employee. In a constantly evolving industry, Team remains a leader in innovation and service leadership. General Summary The Drafter is responsible for creating detailed technical drawings and plans for building and manufacturing by using computer-assisted design and drafting software programs. This position is responsible for collaborating with Drafters and Designers to review engineering designs and drawings to ensure adherence to established specifications and standards. Essential Job Functions Maintains a safe, secure and healthy environment by adhering to Company/Customer safety standards and practices and to legal regulations, alerting others regarding potential hazards or concern. Performs all duties as assigned and adheres to TEAM’s Core Values. Develops design drawings and specification for field equipment, dies/tools and controls using computer-assisted design and drafting software programs. Employs mathematical formulas to develop specifications for machinery and design of specific items. Coordinates with and consults field personnel to design, lay out, or detail components and systems and to resolve design or other issues. Assists in modification and revision of designs in order to correct operating deficiencies or to reduce production problems. Reviews and interprets specifications, sketches, drawings, ideas and related data to assess factors affecting component designs and the procedures and instructions to be followed. Maintains documentation of design drawings, and draws and reproduces illustrations for reference manuals and technical publications to describe operation and maintenance of equipment and components to field personnel and clients. Ensure that drafts and sketches align with company procedures, regulations and client standards. Job Qualifications High school diploma or equivalent preferred. Previous experience with Drafting or relevant industry experience preferred. Customer service experience preferred; specifically dealing with end users. Knowledge of manufacturing processes, machining, welding and forming preferred. Travel Requirements: 0%-25% Work Conditions Position is located at the corporate office Work is conducted in a semi-private office/cubicle setting Days and hours of work are Monday through Friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm. Some flexibility in hours is allowed, but the employee must be available during the core work hours of 9:30 am to 3:30 pm Physical and Mental Requirements Ability to lift and carry 50 pounds Sufficient clarity of speech and hearing or other communication capabilities, with or without reasonable accommodation, which permits employee to communicate effectively Ability to sit for prolonged periods of time with or without reasonable accommodation Sufficient vision or other powers of observation, with or without reasonable accommodations, which permits employee to investigations Sufficient manual dexterity with or without reasonable accommodation, which permit the employee to perform routine office duties Sufficient personal mobility and physical reflexes, with or without reasonable accommodations to perform office duties and travel when necessary to off-site locations Ability to maintain focus and multitask effectively Excellent communication skills This job description is intended to indicate the kinds of tasks and levels of work difficulty required of the position given this title and shall not be construed as declaring what the specific duties and responsibilities of any particular position shall be. It is not intended to limit or in any way modify the right of management to assign, direct and control the work of employees under supervision. The listing of duties and responsibilities shall not be held to exclude other duties not mentioned that are of similar kind or level of difficulty. TEAM Industrial Services, Inc. strictly prohibits discrimination against applicants, employees, or any other covered persons because of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, past, current or prospective service in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state or local laws. TEAM’s Core Values Safety First / Quality Always – In everything we do Integrity – Uncompromising standards of integrity and ethical conduct Service Leadership – Leading Service Quality, professionalism and responsiveness Innovation – Supports continuous growth and improvement Pride and Respect – For our customers, for each other and for all our stakeholders Teamwork – Global teamwork and collaboration