Everyone who wants to change the world should have the tools and technology to do so. Technology is the most powerful equalizer of our time, providing access to data, knowledge, and-above all-connections. Salesforce.org gets our technology in the hands of nonprofits and educators so they can connect with others and do more good. As a social enterprise, the more missions our technology supports, the more we invest back into technology and communities, creating an endless circle of good. We’re here to help; visit us at Salesforce.org. Job Category Salesforce.org - Products and Technology Job Details Everyone who wants to change the world should have the tools and technology to do so. Technology is the most powerful equalizer of our time, providing access to data, knowledge, and-above all-connections. Salesforce.org gets our technology in the hands of nonprofits and educators so they can connect with others and do more good. As a social enterprise, the more missions our technology supports, the more we invest back into technology and communities, creating an endless circle of good. We’re here to help; visit us at Salesforce.org. We are looking for a talented, self-directed, deeply technical individual to join our technology team. This is an amazing opportunity to have impact with thousands of nonprofits and higher education groups, while working on the best platform for building change-related business applications. The team is one where self-directed individuals thrive, and one where your vision for increasing the impact of the social change sector can be realized. The Quality Engineer will be responsible for ensuring product quality through automated (30%) and exploratory user-acceptance testing (70%). Specifically, the Quality Engineer will also create, document, implement and maintain test documentation for complex on-demand functionality for both manual and automated tests. This position requires a very fast learner with knowledge of Salesforce or similar platforms, who is unafraid to act independently. The Quality Assurance Engineer will report to the Director of Quality Assurance and be a key member of a small and innovative technology team. Responsibilities Owning testing processes in scrum team(s) on which you participate Engage with product management team to identify, define, and refine requirements Advise scrum team on quality concerns and support them to improve design and development practices. Vocal participation in design reviews, technical specification reviews, and test plan reviews with an eye for dependencies and corner cases and the ability to influence and contribute significantly to feature design. General Skills B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering, MIS or equivalent work experience Excellent written and oral communication skills Proven ability to identify and drive solutions to quality concerns Service focused, impact driven Technical Skills Experience in using scrum methodologies Significant experience with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org ecosystem Knowledge of automated tools: git, github, Selenium, Python, Robot framework Familiarity with Apex, Visualforce, XML, HTML, SOQL, Javascript, JSON is helpful Technical writing and documentation experience a plus Position location is flexible for the right candidate. Posting Statement Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.