It takes ALL of us to do what we do at a world-class level, but it’s the insights, data and subject matter expertise our Business Analysts bring to the table that makes us a long-standing leader in the larger Pet Care Category. We give you the high charge of integrating customer business plans, providing internal and external financial analysis, leveraging analytical data/insights and developing portfolio recommendations to achieve overall sales, market share and profit objectives. You will be supported by a larger team, The Customer Development Group (CDG), but in your role, you will specifically support BJ’s Wholesale Club and Wakefern Food Corporation. We offer opportunities at the global scale and cross-functional experiences that will diversify your knowledge, insight and your background. So, if your full potential could be unleashed, what would you add to the mix? PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Develops 4P Purina portfolio recommendations to drive growth within the assigned business unit Provides business overview and analysis to customer teams on progress against market and JBP (Joint Business Planning) objectives Assess competitive market activity and provide analytics around risks/opportunities to the Purina portfolio Partner with Finance to deliver promotional recommendations on the Purina portfolio to maximize market impact Provides data and recommendations around 4P strategy for new distribution (shelf recommendation, promotion strategy, pricing) using market data available Provide insights and analytics to support JBP development objectives and initiatives Attends quarterly retail team meetings to provide business updates and key quarter priorities Provides ad-hoc reporting and communication for retail initiatives Travel up to 20% or as business needs require. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS (Minimum): Education: Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited institution Experience (Years/Type): 1+ years’ of experience in category development, business analytics, sales or marketing preferred. Location: Must be willing to relocate or reside in Philadelphia, New Jersey or St. Louis. Will work out of a home office. Skills: Project Management / Resource Allocation skills Networking skills Business development skills Change Management skills Financial Management skills Data analysis and PC Skills (in-depth knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint, Access) To our veterans and separated service members—you’re at the forefront of our minds as we recruit top talent to join Nestlé Purina. The skills you’ve gained while serving our country, such as adaptability, agility, and leadership, are much like the skills that will make you successful in this role. We hope you’ll consider sharing in our mission—you’ll join a cohort of others who have chosen to call Nestlé Purina home.