APPLY HERE Job Description Your Opportunity Denodo is always looking for technical, passionate people to join our Services Engineering team. We want a professional who will travel, consult, develop, train and troubleshoot to enhance our clients’ journey around Data Virtualization. Your mission: to help people realize their full potential through accelerated adoption and productive use of Denodo solutions. In this role you will successfully employ a combination of high technical expertise and client management skills to conduct on-site and off-site consulting, product implementation and solutions development in either short or long-term engagements being critical point of contact for getting things done among Denodo, partners and client teams. Duties & Responsibilities Obtain and maintain strong knowledge of the Denodo Platform, be able to deliver a superb technical pitch, including overview of our key and advanced features and benefits, services offerings, differentiation, and competitive positioning. Constantly learn new things and maintain an overview of modern technologies. Be able to address a majority of technical questions concerning customization, integration, enterprise architecture and general feature / functionality of our product. Capable of building and/or leading the development of custom deployments based and beyond client’s requirements. Provide timely, prioritized and complete customer-based feedback to Product Management, Sales, Support and/or Development regarding client’s business cases, requirements and issues. Train and engage clients in the product architecture, configuration, and use of the Denodo Platform. Promote knowledge and best practices while managing deliverables and client expectations. Manage client expectations, establish credibility at all levels within the client and build problem-solving partnerships with the client, partners and colleagues. Provide technical consulting, training and support. Develop white papers, presentations, training materials or documentation on related topics. Location Chicago, IL Function Engineering Qualifications Required Skills BS or higher degree in Computer Science. Solid understanding of SQL and good grasp of relational and analytical database management theory and practice. Knowledge in Java software development, especially in the web and database fields. Good knowledge of JDBC, XML and Web Services APIs. Excellent verbal and written communication skills to be able to interact with technical and business counterparts. Active listener. Strong analytical and problem solving abilities. Lots of curiosity. You never stop learning new things. Creativity. We love to be surprised with innovative solutions. Willingness to travel around 50%. Be a team worker with positive attitude. We Value Experience working with GIT or other version control systems. Experience working with BigData and/or noSQL environments like Hadoop, mongoDB, ... Experience working with caching approaches and technologies such as JCS. Experience in Windows & Linux (and UNIX) operating systems in server environments. Business software implementation and integration projects (e.g. ETL/Data Warehouse architectures, CEP, BPM). Integration with packaged applications (e.g. relational databases, SAP, Siebel, Oracle Financials, Business Intelligence tools, …). Industry experience in supporting mission critical software components. Experience in attending customer meetings and writing technical documentation. Foreign language skills are a plus. Employment Practices We are committed to equal employment opportunity. We respect, value and welcome diversity in our workforce.