Gain Theory has an opening in New York City, USA for a Data Architect. In this role you will work within a team dedicated to delivering cutting edge capabilities to our clients. In particular, we are looking for someone to enhance our data management and tool development capabilities. If you are looking for an opportunity to contribute to a growing company and work within a group of bright people driven to help our clients, read on… Gain Theory is a global marketing foresight consultancy that brings together data, analytics, technology solutions and consumer-insight capabilities to help marketing and insight professionals make smarter, faster, predictive business decisions. Gain Theory is a part of GroupM and WPP. WPP is the world leader in communication services focusing on advertising, media investment management, consumer insight, public relations and branding among others. GroupM is WPP’s consolidated media investment management operation. As such, it is the global number one media investment management group (RECMA 2010) with worldwide billing of $90.8Bn (RECMA July 2012) representing 32.7% global market share. Our clients are leaders in their respective industries and represent more than 330 of the Fortune 500, more than half of the NASDAQ 100 and more than 30 of the Fortune e-50. Position Overview The Data Architect is responsible for the support and implementation of database applications during the design, build and maintenance phases of large projects and prepare datasets for modeling. Candidates are expected to demonstrate the following skills/experience: hands-on skills in processing large data sets, familiarity with data structure, big-data concepts, cloud computing, open-source tools, and optimization techniques, excellent oral and written communication skills, client focus and the ability to support and enable teamwork, self-motivated and able to operate independently with limited guidance and direction. Responsibilities Design, build, and deploy database applications Document data architecture requirements and QA guidelines Retrieve, compile, and format large volumes of data Utilize syndicated research tools to retrieve various types of data (macroeconomic, marketing, business, etc.) Design and implement marketing performance dashboard using Tableau or other visualization tools Write customized query to generate automatic periodical reports Prepare and refresh datasets for the different cycles of Marketing Mix Modeling Build applications writing SQL and/or SAS scripts to manipulate data and / or writing specific instructions for an off-shore programmer to write the scripts Communicate with offshore implementation team during build phase. Write and track tasks to be completed by offshore. Ensure applications are properly maintained by working with off-shore maintenance teams to ensure all cycles are properly completed, with strong emphasis on Quality Assurance of data and settings Attend key design meetings and provide support Assist implementation lead in resolving database architecture questions Meet project timelines and deliverable schedules Requirements Understand data processing, i.e. Extract/Transform/Load Good communication and written skills Ability to work on multiple projects at a time Experience with the full development life cycle of an application stack - from architecture through test and deployment. Skills in SQL and proven experience working with at least one of the major databases platforms (SQLServer, Oracle, DB2, MySQL, Sybase, or Postgres) Strong analytical skills; ability to analyze raw data, draw conclusions, and develop actionable recommendations Organized, detail-oriented, QA-focused Experience with visualization tools including Tableau, Spotfire, Omniscope and MicroStrategy will be highly valued Proficient in system architectures (translating application design to operational requirements) Prior knowledge of advertising ecosystem, understanding of marketing metrics, and analytical products offered as a service is preferred Familiarity with scripting like R, Python, VBA, Perl and cloud computing techniques is preferred