Intermediate Business Systems Analyst JobID: 55485 Position Type: Closing Date: 10/09/2018 Technology Professionals/Business Systems Analyst Date Posted: 8/9/2018 Department: Procurement Date Available: 08/09/2018 Location: Area: Job Category: Hattie Mae White Bldg. Northwest Business Professionals Job Code: Contract Type: Months: None 12 Salary Minimum: Salary Maximum: $55,167 $73,096 Attachment(s): Intermediate Business Systems Analyst - IT0135.pdf Position Title: Intermediate Business Systems Analyst Contract Length: 12 Months Job Code: IT0135 Pay Grade: T10 FLSA Status: Exempt Job Family – Information Technology JOB SUMMARY: Analyzes complex business problems to be solved with automated systems. Provides technical expertise in identifying, evaluating and developing systems and procedures that are cost effective and meet user requirements. Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action. Using business process engineering techniques, develops technical solutions and management processes to achieve overall objectives by means of implementing systems or enterprise-wide solutions, using the organization’s or a third- party’s hardware/software products. Develops and recommends solutions and strategies, based on the analysis of customer business goals, objectives, needs, and existing systems infrastructure. Analyzes complex business problems to be solved with automated systems. Provides technical expertise in identifying, evaluating and developing systems and procedures that are cost effective and meet user requirements. MAJOR DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES List most important duties first Works with clients to develop business requirements; conducts business analysis including analysis of the competitive situation, understanding business practices and approaches and recommending business process changes. Serves as conduit between division and IT to integrate systems and business processes, drive their work into systems initiatives. Plans and executes unit, integration and acceptance testing; and creates specifications for systems to meet business requirements. Designs details of automated systems. Conducts significant systems testing; supports data conversions; supports local system rollouts; exercises any required project management and execute all work in alignment with HISD’s systems plans. Understands, proposes, educates and helps implement new business processes through business operations and new systems. Works to continually understand business requirements, document them in standard formats, obtain business user approval and work them seamlessly into the bigger picture. Helps users develop processes, procedures, and training. May provide consultation to users in the area of automated systems. May lead cross-functional linked teams to address business or systems issues. Performs other job-related duties as assigned. EDUCATION: Bachelor’s Degree WORK EXPERIENCE: 2-5 years This position can also be filled by a business person with 5-7 years of business experience looking for this career option. TYPE OF SKILL AND/OR REQUIRED LICENSING/CERTIFICATION: Solid analytical skills and business acumen including developing knowledge of multiple divisions. Uses professional concepts; applies professional standards and company policies to resolve routine issues. Skill level is still developing towards journey-level contributor, but has solid foundation in many of the critical IT competencies needed to perform the job. Developing proficiency in object modeling, use case analysis and use of UML notation. Developing proficiency in use of enterprise level use case modeling tools. While it is the goal to use an object modeling approach that leads to system creation, this position must learn to adjust the approach as to meet project goals, people’s understanding and avoid making the process overly technical. Facilitation skills to include the application of facilitation tools and techniques. Understands team dynamics; has the ability to apply collaborative problem solving techniques. Over time, works from learning one technology/language/application (e.g., SAP, Chancery, PeopleSoft, C++. Java, XML, HTML, CGI, ASP) method, and approach to being fully versed on all including emerging technologies, methods, and design considerations. As the career progresses, formal software engineering and system engineering skills are acquired. LEADERSHIP/SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: No supervisory or direct people management responsibilities. May provide occasional work guidance, technical advice and training to staff. WORK COMPLEXITY/INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT/BUDGET AUTHORITY: Work involves the application of moderately complex procedures and tasks that are quite varied. Independent judgment is often required to select and apply the most appropriate of available resources. Ongoing supervision is provided on an "as needed" basis. No budget development activity is required. PROBLEM SOLVING /IMPACT OF DECISIONS: Decisions are made on both routine and non-routine matters with some latitude, but are still subject to approval. Job is occasionally expected to recommend new solutions to problems and improve existing methods or generate new ideas. Decisions have minor, small and possibly incremental impact on the department or facility. Errors are usually discovered in succeeding operations where most of the work is verified or checked and is normally confined to a single department or phase of the organizational activities resulting in brief inconvenience COMMUNICATION/INTERACTIONS: Information sharing – gives and receives information such as options, technical direction, instructions and reporting results. Interactions are mostly with customers, own supervisor and co-workers in own and other departments. CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS: Makes routine or required customer actions to meet customer needs. Responds promptly and accurately to customer complaints, inquiries and requests for information and coordinates appropriate follow-up. May handle escalated issues passed on from co-workers or subordinates. WORKING/ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS: Work is normally performed in a typical interior work environment which does not subject the employee to any hazardous or unpleasant elements. Repetitive motion: Substantial movements of the wrists, hands, fingers, and/or upper body for sustained periods of time, including using extremities to drag, push, pull or grasp. Sitting: Particularly for sustained periods of time. Work is normally set to specified shifts. This position is expected to be goal and customer service focused. During times of emergencies, outages and project planned work; employees are expected to be on call and available until the event is addressed. During system conversions, extra effort may be required in order to ensure the roll out of the system is successful.