Overview IT Retail Systems / Applications Administrator will report to the Sr. Manager, IT Retail Systems and will be responsible for managing all aspects of retail software applications, including, but not limited to, production support, system and process enhancements, change/project management, and vendor management. This role will ensure that Retail application enhancements, related process improvements, maintenance and production issues are completed and/or resolved in a timely manner, by working cross-functionally with the Retail IT Help Desk, software vendors and internal partners (e.g. IT App Dev, IT-BI, IT-RS, HRIS, Operations, etc.). Responsibilities Retail Applications Production Support: Retail Applications Support. Internal escalation point for Store Help Desk on application/software issues, e.g. Aloha POS, Aloha Enterprise, eRestaurant Inventory, eRestaurant Labor, etc. Retail Reporting. Includes Aloha to data warehouse reconciliations, and point of contact for other data issue resolution. Retail Applications Administration: Managing Aloha Configuration related requests and changes (e.g. hierarchy re-alignment, polling exceptions, etc.) with the POS Dev team. Managing the IT owned administration/maintenance activities for eRestaurant Inventory and Labor systems. Managing future Retail software applications. Retail Applications Enhancement/Change Management Managing Aloha POS software (e.g. version upgrades) projects Managing the POS change request process. Working with Retail Marketing and Retail Operations on requests, and with the POS Dev team to complete in Aloha and other related systems, e.g. Olo. Managing eRestaurant changes, e.g. on-boarding and integration of Supply Chain vendors/distributors into eRestaurant, working closely with internal teams, Altametrics and the vendor/distributor. Retail Applications Process Improvements and documentation, e.g. store level account access request process improvements, password reset issue reduction, etc. Retail Applications/Software Vendor Management Qualifications Strong technical understanding of store systems and applications 3-5 years experience in retail back office system administration (e.g. POS, Labor, Inventory, On-line Ordering, etc.) 3-5 years project management experience in the areas of IT applications and systems Strong organization and problem solving skills Time management skills, strong ability to multi-task, follow up and manage competing priorities independently Ability to interact with all levels of management and cross-functional teams Ability to work flexible schedule during weekdays and weekends as dictated by business needs Four-year college degree in business or related field preferred