Job Description Position Overview/Description: Ford Motor Company's Smart Mobility Analytics department is looking for motivated and talented individuals with a background in Operations Research and Analytics. This is an opportunity to apply the latest tools and methods in Optimization and Data Science to a variety of mobility opportunities at Ford. Recent projects in this group have led to the development of applications in the areas of transportation, city solutions, and connected vehicles. Responsibilities: Perform analytics and optimization work as a member of the Operations Research team in Smart Mobility Analytics. Develop optimization models to support Ford Smart Mobility. Knowledge in vehicle routing and logistics problems is a bonus. Translate high-level ideas into well-defined mathematical problems. Pinpoint which elements of sample datasets can be most effectively leveraged in optimization models and what potentially useful information may be missing. Design and implement heuristic algorithms for obtaining feasible solutions quickly. Develop and implement mixed integer programming formulations and computationally efficient methods for obtaining optimal or near-optimal solutions. Develop complete system designs that include data, pre-processing, optimization, post-processing and interfaces for user interaction. Job Requirements: Basic Qualifications: MS in Operations Research, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or a related field 1+ years of experience in mathematical programming, data mining, and/or statistical analysis 1+ of years of experience in developing prototype software applications using Java, Scala, C/C++, Python, R, or similar languages and frameworks Preferred Qualifications: 1+ years of experience in exact and heuristic algorithm development Comfortable working in a fast-paced environment where problems are not always well-defined Inquisitive, proactive, and interested in learning new tools and techniques Strong oral, written and interpersonal communication skills Well-organized, independent and ready to work with minimal supervision Experience in API, software development, or cloud platform The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always to go further. Visa sponsorship may be available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.