NYC Department of Transportation occupies more than seventy facilities throughout the city including offices, yards, workshops, warehouses, and various sites of an industrial nature. Additionally, there are several initiatives in place to expand upon the agency?s real estate portfolio in response to the agency?s on-going growth. NYC Department of Transportation?s Human Resources, Facilities and Security Management Unit ?s Director of Capital Planning (DCP) is responsible for overseeing this expanding real estate portfolio, as well as managing facilities projects of varying degrees of complexity in support of the agency?s existing portfolio. The Facilities and Security Management Unit seeks an Assistant Architect to support its DCP. The Assistant Architect will be responsible for managing projects supporting the agency?s existing sites, and for supporting the DCP?s oversight of the agency?s real estate portfolio. The Assistant Architect will assist with real estate portfolio analysis and data visualizations. The Assistant Architect will manage on-going modular systems furniture modifications, repurposing of space, and furniture procurement in support of the agency?s headquarters facility and satellite offices as needed . The Assistant Architect will perform, or supervise the performance of, site survey, draft, and site plan maintenance of DOT?s real estate portfolio. The Assistant Architect will support the administrative tasks associated with Facilities? Ten Year Capital Plan, including drafting of proposal language, research, and monitoring of existing capital project milestones and deadlines. The Assistant Architect may advocate on DCP?s behalf in meetings and communications with the city?s Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS), Department of Design and Construction (DDC), as well as liaise with other agencies and property managers supporting our leased facilities as needed. The Assistant Architect will provide general AutoCAD, PowerPoint, SharePoint, MS Project, Excel graphics/pivots, and Photoshop support to the Facilities Unit. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A Bachelor or a Master of Architecture degree that is the first professional degree in architecture from an accredited college; or 2. A Bachelor of Science degree in architecture that is the first four years of a five-year first professional degree program in architecture from an accredited college and one year of full-time satisfactory experience in architectural work; or 3. A valid New York State Registration as an Architect. The following are examples of four-year degrees that are NOT acceptable to meet the education requirement: Bachelor of Science in Architectural Technology; Bachelor of Professional Studies in Architecture; Bachelor of Science in Fine Arts issued by the Architectural Department of a college; Bachelor of Science in Art and Design issued by the Architectural Department of a college. Note: A Motor Vehicle Driver License valid in the State of New York may be required for certain assignments. If required, this license must be maintained for the duration of the assignment. Preferred Skills The preferred candidate exhibits a proven history of both tactical and strategic professional experience. The preferred candidate is a self-starter and able to initiate, plan, execute, oversee and perform quality control supporting small to medium-complexity facilities projects. These projects could include coordinating human, financial, and material resources to achieve organizational objectives. The preferred candidate must demonstrate strong communication and writing skills. The candidate will collaborate with in-house trades, laborers, other Divisions within NYCDOT, other agencies, contractors. Working knowledge of AutoCAD and Excel graphics/pivots a MUST. Working knowledge of PowerPoint, SharePoint, MS Project, Photoshop a plus. To Apply All resumes are to be submitted electronically.Current City Employees: Please log into Employee Self Service (ESS) at https://hrb.nycaps.nycnet, follow the Careers link and search for Job ID number 336962.All other applicants: Please go to www.nyc.gov/careers/search and search for Job ID Number 336962.If you do not have access to a personal computer: Please visit your local public library. Most public libraries have computers available for use.No phone calls, faxes or personal inquiries permitted.Only those applicants under consideration will be contacted.For more information about DOT, visit us at: www.nyc.gov/dot. Work Location 55 Water St Ny Ny Residency Requirement New York City Residency is not required for this position