We are a personal nutrition company leveraging data and science to help people improve their health. We're looking for developers who are fun to work with and write great code. People who come from a nontraditional background are encouraged to apply. Habit's codebase is mostly Rails and React, with a high standard of code quality: We have an A in Code Climate. We do remote work, TDD, some pairing, and occasional mobbing. We have 247 ActiveRecord models in our main project. Only 2 are over 500 lines. 85% are under 100 lines. We use the interactor gem to differentiate business logic from framework code. Our main project has 3,559 RSpec specs, plus 279 JS specs using Jest and Enzyme. We previously used R and have done experiments in Elm. We value collaboration and quality of life: Agile development, including cross-functional teams, regular retrospectives, and a process which we adjust in those retrospectives, so that it fits us specifically Maternity leave and paternity leave For non-remote employees, our own gym, and a phenomenal kitchen with top-of-the-line appliances and healthy food Three weeks of vacation time, with a policy that pushes you to use it Conferences and personal development do not count as vacation Skills and Qualifications Required: 2+ years of working experience in Rails, React, HTML, CSS, Javascript Experience working with responsive design Ability to work with new emerging technologies Ability to learn quickly and collaborate with the team Bonus: React Native is a huge plus Elm and Flexbox are great to see also Experience with building and scaling high-performance distributed systems Infosec About Us We are a Personalized Nutrition company located in Oakland (near Jack London Square). We believe that the days of one-size-fits-all nutrition are over. Your body holds the secret to what is best for you. Habit listens to your body to cater a nutrition plan to get the most out of your biology. The numerous technical challenges this presents are really fun. Among them are data mining for customer trends and outcomes; implementation of science based algorithms and a high fidelity user experience. Crafting solutions for where science meets tech meets operations.