The Toyota Research Institute (TRI) is an R&D enterprise designed to bridge the gap between fundamental research and product development. It has been launched with mandates to (1) enhance the safety of automobiles, with the ultimate goal of creating a car that is incapable of causing a crash; (2) increase access to cars to those who otherwise cannot drive, including those with disabilities and the elderly; (3) help translate outdoor mobility technology into products for indoor mobility; and (4) accelerate scientific discovery by applying techniques from artificial intelligence and machine learning. Toyota believes artificial intelligence has significant potential to improve the quality of life for all people, bringing ease, comfort and safety to all aspects of life. The long-term vision of the TRI Accelerated Materials Design and Discovery (AMDD) program is to aid in the development of truly emissions free and carbon neutral vehicles for the Toyota 2050 Environmental Challenge by merging advanced computational materials modeling, new sources of experimental data, machine learning, and artificial intelligence to dramatically accelerate the materials design and discovery process in a new cloud platform. At the border between materials science and data science we need a scientist that can use his/her deep domain expertise to extract valuable information from the results of experiments and simulations and turn them into information that one can train machine learning (ML) models on. Equally important you should use your analytical and computer skills to build ML models to advance the understanding of existing materials and predict the properties of new materials. In the longer term you should use the infrastructure that is being built to design new simulation and experimental studies for targeted search of new materials. You will join a team of materials scientists with programming skills that works closely with data engineers and data scientists from the core teams. You will collaborate with world class research groups from top universities who work at the front edge of materials research for future energy solutions. You will work very closely with these computational and experimental groups to understand and integrate their data. Responsibilities: Build machine learning models using both experimental and simulation data. Collaborate with ML/AI experts within TRI and our university collaborators to adopt new methods and continuously improve your ML models. Integrate experimental data from our university collaborators. Collaborate with our data engineers to bring your methods to scale in the cloud. Conduct simulation studies using the cloud materials informatics platform when it is ready. Qualifications: PhD degree in the physical sciences. 2 years of postdoctoral or industrial research experience. Solid experience with and understanding of experiments materials relevant for catalysis and/or batteries. Exceptional analytical skills and chemical intuition. Experience with building ML models. Ability to create, implement and test models at a fast pace. Strong communication skills. Team player. Proficiency with Python, Matlab or R.