WB Games San Francisco seeks an Analyst to join the Mobile Publishing - Central Product Management group. What part will you play? The Analyst will work closely with the Central Product Management and Market Intelligence teams and cross functionally to help define, launch, analyze, and maintain the company’s free to play mobile games portfolio. The Analyst will be extremely detail oriented, with a strong product orientation and an affinity for data and analytics in support of driving both individual product, portfolio, and business decisions. Reporting to the Manager, Central Product Management, and Director, Market Intelligence, this role is crucial to driving Warner Bros. aggressive goals in mobile games. Provide detailed insights regarding game and business model design in order to influence the development of our games portfolio. Insights will be driven by experience, analysis or competitive and comparable titles, and accepted/developing best practices. Support alternative monetization initiatives and operations (incl. advertising monetization). Identify and execute alternate growth strategies while tracking and optimizing current integrations against business goals. Research and benchmark industry KPIs and analyze app store features, downloads, and revenue to refine WB current games’ standards. Support initiatives with financial analysis and modeling taking into consideration geography, source, and platform. What do we require from you? Degree in finance, economics, marketing analytics or equivalent work experience. Minimum 2 years’ experience in product management or related role. Strong familiarity with iOS, Android and Facebook games marketplaces, trends and best practices. Understanding of free to play and micro-transaction based business models. Strong analytical skills and the ability to leverage data to make informed recommendations. Proficiency with MS Office (incl. Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint) Experience with Looker, Tableau, and other data visualization platforms a plus. Experience with AppAnnie and Sensor Tower Market Intelligence products a plus. Must have excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Ability to collaborate with colleagues across different disciplines and locations to achieve results. Ability to work in a fast-pace environment and prioritize work to meet specific deadlines required. Must be self-motivated and results oriented. Flexibility to travel to Warner Bros. studios as required. Attendance at industry conferences as required. Passion/knowledge about games is a must!