The General Laborer is responsible for performing labor tasks within and around the plant. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES/OUTCOMES Must provide physical attendance. Must be able to follow instructions, including standard manufacturing procedures and processes. Works within and around the plant to assist in the manufacturing of our products. Works on a production line to assist with manufacturing our products following all production standard procedures (on all lines, re-cases, repackages and other product rework as assigned). Complies with all Safety, GMP, Quality, Plant Policies and other Associate and food safety requirements. Maintain clean and organized work area. Shave chocolate and ensure chocolate is prepared timely and readily available for production. Feed pans and trays to the production line while maintaining the speed of the line. Grease pans on the production line while maintaining the speed of the line and properly applying the appropriate amount of grease. Apply shipping labels on the shipper at the determined rate. Garnishing products while maintaining the speed of the line and standard of quality. Crumb products at the speed of the line while maintaining the standard of quality. Applying the collar at the speed of the line while maintaining the standard of quality. Apply dome to the products at the speed of the line. Have sufficient domes readily available. Inspect the quality of the cakes. Open and have bread prepared at the speed of the line while maintaining the standard of quality. Weigh and spread every cake at the speed of the line while maintaining the standard of quality. Fill the cakes at the speed of the line while maintaining the standard of quality and weight of the product. Prepare and maintain materials and equipment at the start, during, and end of production. Ensures that all production codes and labels are printed accurate and legible per product specifications. Ensures that all packaging and materials are correct according to the SKU formula and integrity of appearance. Must be able to read codes and change coder machines when needed. At the end of the production day all unused materials will be resealed and returned to the designated location in the warehouse following standard procedures and all coding and taping machines will be turned off and cleaned in preparation for the following shift. KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/EXPERIENCE High School Diploma or equivalent Must be able to Read, Write and Speak Basic English. Must be a team player. Must be able to work in a cold and hot environment. Must be able to work all shifts. Self-starter. Able to work with minimal supervision. Considerable amount of standing, walking, use of hands. Rich Products Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Rich’s”), are committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, marital status or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. The information collected by this application is solely to determine suitability for employment, verify identity, and maintain employment statistics on applicants. Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act and certain state or local laws. A reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done which will ensure an equal employment opportunity without imposing undue hardship on Rich’s. Please contact Rich’s Human Resources department if you need assistance completing this application or to otherwise participate in the application process.