Role Description The role is a senior business analyst role in a core application for the banking business. This is a terrific opportunity for a high energy individual seeking broad exposure to the business within a high performing technology group. The roles will have significant connectivity with the Front Office Business and support teams. The ideal candidate will have a minimum 5+ years business analysis experience (Sr. Associate) within Investment Banking Key Responsibilities 1) Maintain a good relationship with key sponsors. 2) Work with internal clients to formulate and innovate theoretical processes (using technology) that add business value (validate that they provide JPM with ROI) 3) Capture of business requirements and use cases (including screen designs) 4) Driving requirements through user due diligence and sign off 5) Partner with developers to ensure requirements are implemented as per specification 6) Test case validation & some test case writing (although there is an off- shore testing team) 7) QA co-ordination (some personal testing time will also be required) 8) UAT Co-ordination 9) Deployment management 10) Troubleshooting of issues including working with Level 1 + 2 support teams and business users Experience Required 1) Minimum 5 years of Business Analysis experience 2) Financial Services Background 3) Must have worked as an end user client facing business analyst 4) Must have worked on solution design through client problem statements and not just requirements notation. 5) Must have experience presenting to senior management. 6) Must have been involved in at least 3 full SDLC's - 3 full cycles of each of the points detailed in the key responsibilities section 7) Must have experienced the problems faced during the SLDC and have pre- defined but yet flexible tool kit for dealing with such issues Job Qualifications 1) First Class communication and presentation skills 2) Able to "think on you their feet" 3) Excellent documentation skills 4) Excellent Excel Skills 5) Excellent Customer Service skills 6) Must excel under high stress environments 7) Able to challenge requirements to improve them 8) Detail Focused 9) Well rounded technologist 10) Ability to translate effectively between clients and developers 11) Innovative problem solving skills Our Corporate & Investment Bank relies on innovators like you to build and maintain the technology that helps us safely service the world’s important corporations, governments and institutions. You’ll develop solutions for a bank entrusted with holding $18 trillion of assets and $393 billion in deposits. CIB provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk, and extends liquidity in markets spanning over 100 countries around the world. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. _@2017 JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran_