Roles What you should know about the role The Web Architect will manage the general administration of web technology systems at Advia. The position will be responsible for supporting computer hardware and software systems which include communication systems, network hardware, data storage systems, operating systems, application environments, and network authentication systems concentrating on Web technology systems. What you should know about Advia Advia is a fast-growing Credit Union that is positioned in the top 3% of credit unions across the United States with nearly 2 billion in assets. We offer very similar product and services as the big banks with a focus on saving our members money while providing financial advantages. We are rooted in our communities and believe we have a responsibility to give back outside of our four branch walls through volunteering and charitable donations. The work environment at Advia is fast-paced, performance based and fun infused. We certainly live by the saying “work hard, play hard.” As an employee of Advia, you can expect regular and constructive feedback, development opportunities, great benefits, excellent co-workers and engaged managers. As a Web-Architect you will have opportunities to: Self-manage your day to day work schedule. Have a variety of responsibilities and projects to keep the job interesting. Be mentally simulated and provided with the opportunity to use problem solving skills. Major Duties Responsible for the establishment and monitoring of Web technology system standards. Contribute to new and existing system documentation creation. Assumes responsibility for establishing and maintaining effective communication and coordination with vendors,fellow employees, and management for network statuses, project statuses and support resolutions. Monitor industry trends in Web technology systems capabilities, vulnerabilities, and technology to ensure we are keeping pace with the changing landscape. Participate as a member of project teams as necessary to evaluate/create designs for Web technology systems and upgrades of existing systems. Monitors Web technology systems for both stability and performance to inform efforts to optimize the user experience for those systems. Intermediate web programming skills including but not limited to CSS, HTML, PHP, JavaScript, JAVA Lead and manage Office 365 related programming, configuration and administration. Strictly adhere to and enforce system security policies and follow all company standards. Must comply with applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the Bank Secrecy Act, the Patriot Act, and the office of Foreign Assets Control, in addition to all company policies. (-) Physical Requirements Perform primarily sedentary work with limited physical exertion and occasional lifting of up to 20 lbs. Must be capable of climbing / descending stairs in emergency situation. Must be able to operate routine office equipment including telephone, copier, facsimile, and calculator. Must be able to regularly perform work on computer for an average of 6-8 hours per day, when necessary. Must be able to work extended hours whenever required or requested by management. Must be capable of regular, reliable and timely attendance. Working Conditions Must be able to routinely perform work indoors in climate-controlled private office with minimal noise. Mental and/or Emotional Requirements Must be able to perform job functions independently and work effectively either on own or as part of a team. Must be able to plan and direct the work activities of self and others. Must be able to read and carry out various written instructions and follow oral instructions. Must be able to speak clearly and deliver information in a logical and understandable sequence. Must be capable of dealing calmly and professionally with numerous different personalities from diverse cultures at various levels within and outside of the organization and demonstrate highest levels of customer service and discretion when dealing with the public. Must be able to perform responsibilities with composure under the stress of deadlines / requirements for extreme accuracy and quality and/or fast pace. Must be able to effectively handle multiple, simultaneous, and changing priorities. Must be capable of exercising highest level of discretion on both internal and external confidential matters. Acknowledgement Nothing in this position description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. This job description is not a contract and should not be construed as a guarantee of employment for any specific period of time. Advia Credit Union is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against employees or applicants based on race, color, religion, sex/gender, national origin, disability, age, or any other category protected by law. Skills & Experience Experience 4 years of relevant experience and a High School Diploma 3 years of relevant experience and an Associate degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Business Administration, or equivalent experience preferred 2 years of relevant experience and a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Business Administration, or equivalent experience preferred Education/Certifications/Licenses A degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Business Administration, or equivalent experience preferred. Interpersonal Skills A significant level of trust, credibility and diplomacy is required. In-depth dialogues, conversations and explanations with customers, direct and indirect reports and outside vendors can be of a sensitive and/or highly confidential nature. Communications may involve motivating, influencing, educating and/or advising others on matters of significance. Other Skills Must have a solid understanding of Web technology systems and the necessary supporting hardware and software. Must have the ability to analyze and understand how the various IT equipment and software programs interrelate and interface, and the ability to identify and solve equipment and software problems. A high level of interpersonal and verbal communication skills necessary to relate to other people at their systems knowledge level. Ability to organize and prioritize work without direction from supervisor in situations where dramatic changes frequently Required to operate with great latitude with independent judgment and initiative. Ability to manage multiple projects and support multiple support requests. Must have the ability to effectively interact and direct the efforts of various IT vendors and suppliers. Requires the ability to analyze complex situations and problems and do the necessary research using multiple sources of information to arrive at innovative solutions. Requires occasional after hours work to maintain and repair system components with and without short notice. Basic understanding of data interchange and web services techniques used in web technology systems. Ability to troubleshoot and manage underlying support technologies for web technology based systems.