Evive was founded by two people who wanted to challenge the status quo...and did. More than 10 years later, that spirit still defines our culture. Every day, our people work together to change how the world uses benefits. Are you one of us? Evive people are game-changers. The work we do is redefining how people experience benefits, with SaaS-based services that help people to improve their lives and Fortune 1000 enterprises to optimize their investments. Above all, we're in this together, bringing the love. The IT Support Specialist is responsible for the configuration, maintenance and support of all local IT assets. Furthermore the IT Support Specialist will assist in the writing, editing of policies and procedures throughout the organization and ensure all employees are properly trained in matters pertaining to information Security & Privacy. The IT Support Specialist reports to the VP of Information Security. Responsibilities: Assists in writing, editing, maintaining general IT and security policies and procedures across the organization. Creates and responds to information security incident report based on internal and external indicators of compromise or threat, under the guidance of information security leader. Monitor information security threat and event dashboard and follow up with proper actions under the supervision of information security leader. Assists in the inventory management of all company owned devices including documentation of ownership, transfer and destruction of devices securely. Owns designated software or hardware systems, and take responsibility for their maintenance and operation, ensuring software is appropriately installed by role. Periodically conducts internal audits on local systems to verify no suspicious software has been installed to devices, documents and tracks all audits and resolution. Serves as the administrator of Evive Mobile Device Management. Maintains the process from onboarding to secure destruction of all IT equipment including PC, laptop, printers, etc... Troubleshoot all information technology issues, including software, hardware, and networking. Install and update laptops, PCs, office networks infrastructure, and related software. Monitors latest trends in IT security and communicates to employees under the guidance of VP of information security. Builds, maintains and conduct trainings with staff to ensure education, compliance and general awareness regarding IT security risks and how to mitigate. Configures, updates and maintains office CRM tool and ticketing system. Ensuring end user rights are appropriately configured and access is up to date. Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in IT, Information security, or related field. Experience writing, building, evaluating policies, processes and procedures. Experience in IT hardware, software management and troubleshooting. Effective communication skills especially in the in the capacity to present and train others. Prior experience with information security policies, procedures, or incident handling strong preferred but not required. Perks: Laid-back office, casual attire Competitive salaries Annual bonus pay Employer-paid medical insurance Subsidized vision, dental, and short-term disability insurance Voluntary life and AD&D insurance Student loan assistance program Employee assistance program Paid Time Off Paid Time Off for Volunteering Pre-tax commuter benefit 401(k) with up to 4% company match Walk station desks: walk and work! Company-sponsored book club Weekly catered lunch on Thursdays Stocked kitchen with drinks, fruit, and snacks Strong culture - we work hard and play hard. And we watch _Jeopardy!_ every day!