The Systems Administrator I is a junior position working within the Network Operations team to support the campus windows servers, VMware and storage environment. Working along with the senior system administrator and other departments, the System Administrator I is responsible for day to day tier 2 responses and coordination of escalations as necessary with various vendors. This position is also involved in maintaining network and server infrastructure and vendor coordination related to onsite and remote data center services. In addition, this position will be involved with projects to upgrade existing technology or deploy new technology as needed. And this position works closely with the network administrator as a backup and assisting as needed. Equivalent work experience or subject matter expertise is sufficient in lieu of associate’s degree. Minimum Education Required Associate's degree, or vocational or technical school degree Preferred Education Bachelor's degree Minimum Work Experience Required 1 - 3 years Preferred Work Experience 1 - 3 years Minimum Knowledge Required Working knowledge of fundamental concepts, practices and procedures and ability to apply in varied situations. Uses instructions and guidelines to perform the job safety function. Periodic training will be required. Preferred Knowledge Comprehensive knowledge of fundamental concepts, practices and procedures and ability to apply in varied situations. Uses instructions and guidelines to perform the job safety function. Periodic training will be required. Advertised Minimum Qualifications Networking & Routing Basics, DHCP, Active Directory, DNS, Group Policy, VMware, Windows Server 2008/2012/2016, physical Data Center Infrastructure maintenance, SaaS/IaaS/PaaS understanding Advertised Preferred Qualifications PowerShell, Enterprise Class Storage, Microsoft Cluster Services, Office 365, Skype for Business, Exchange 2013/Online, PaloAlto, Enterasys/Extreme Networks Salary Range Posting Detail Information Posting Number S00410 Job Category Professional