Stax Inc. is expanding our talented team of consultants. We are seeking seasoned consultants with 3-5 years experience who enjoy learning fast and finding new ways to solve the challenging and complex business issues. As a Consultant, you’ll have a highly visible role on your team and your work will directly impact the team’s success. We recognize you are driven by the opportunity to learn by doing. Consultants directly interact with clients and are expected to take initiative, leading to increased responsibility. Working across a wide spectrum of industries on short-term engagements, you will constantly be learning something new. For Consultants, Stax creates an environment where you will have enormous potential for client exposure and career progression. Life at Stax is unique - our goal is to empower and challenge employees, while supporting a reasonable work/life balance. No question: you’ll work hard. However, unlike other firms where a “willingness to travel” means uprooting your life for weeks or months at a time, we don’t uphold the label “road warrior” as a badge of honor. Our efficient and focused approach creates shorter, less frequent trips driving greater value for and appreciation from our clients. As such, you’ll have more time for professional and personal development, allowing great people and teams to grow as well as get involved in our communities. Our success stems from our unique ability to quickly diagnose an issue, develop clear fact-based answers and provide practical next steps. We tackle engagements by debating with facts and analysis. Our consultants are empowered to call it like they see it, rather than deliver answers they think clients want to hear. Our entire staff is intelligent, innovative and - most importantly - willing to roll up their sleeves. If you’re willing to dive in, work with talented team members and drive impact from day one, Stax is the perfect environment for you. WHY STAX High-profile engagements with Fortune 500s and half of the largest 20 LBO firms globally. Solve real-world problems quickly, using data and insights to create actionable recommendations within 4−12 weeks. Unparalleled immersive learning opportunities in a fast pace environment Direct client engagement with unrivaled exposure to different methodologies, perspectives and situations stemming from an array of project types across sectors. Team-based, collaborative philosophy creates opportunities for all to contribute and have direct impacts on the client’s success as well as the firm’s. Unmatched opportunities for personal growth and career development based on the merits of your work. Smarter, more strategic approach to generating higher value outcomes in shorter time periods. Good people who genuinely care about the firm’s success and are consistently exploring ways to improve and build upon its accomplishments. As a Consultant, you will serve as a key project team member responsible for understanding the client’s issues, structuring research plans, conducting in- depth analyses in support of client objectives, and building strategies. You will have exposure to a broad array of client needs and industries. Compensation consists of salary and bonus program competitive with leading strategy consulting firms. Travel is minimal (around 10%). Specifically, in this role you will: Lead modular components, major project objectives and occasionally own entire projects. Understand client's issues and effectively work with teams and "ask the right questions" to get at main issues and draw conclusions from the data collected. Develop as a subject matter expert (SME) for client and internal team. Design research plans, conduct business analyses, and discover insights from data. Structure client deliverables and act as the point person for content and structure thinking. Effectively present sections of a deliverable to clients and field any questions pertaining to your area of oversight. In many cases, you will be managing a small team of associates. Participate in client development efforts and help provide development opportunities to other junior team members. Candidates must have 4-6 years’ experience with a strategy consulting firm, strategic planning/corporate strategy group, or private equity/venture capital firm. Bachelor’s degree with demonstrated academic excellence. An MBA degree is preferred but equivalent work experience will be considered. Excellent strategic thinking, understanding of business research and analysis. Strong quantitative and analytic skills required. Effective communication skills, both written and verbal. Strong presentation writing skills in PowerPoint and Word. Detail oriented. Self-starter with an intellectual curiosity and teamwork capabilities. Ability to multitask and work in a fast-paced, time-sensitive environment. Experience hitting deadlines, and experience or interest in managing small teams on project specific modules. Strong command of Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint).