The Architect performs design review and construction observation for the Authority’s construction projects, monitors the filing for code required permits, sign-offs, Certificates of Occupancy and dismissal of violations for NYC projects and manages various phases of the building construction process. Essential Functions Manages the project development during the pre-design and design phases of the project, including meeting with clients and consultants and providing assistance, and managing all aspects of consultant contracts including review and approval of consultant requests for payment, amendments, extensions of schedule and contract closeout. Perform periodic site visits to projects under construction and monitor the quality of design and construction work performed by architects, engineers, consultants, contractors and sub-contractors. Monitor construction activities including the review and approval of construction change orders and performance of interim and final project inspections on large and complex projects. Review highly technical designs, plans, specifications, addenda and change orders. Review highly technical architectural/engineering reports and studies. Provide technical assistance and recommendations to unit staff, Project Management staff and client representatives. Coordinate with Project Management to resolve project and/or program issues. Perform independent, in-depth investigations of specific problems including architectural/engineering analysis and recommendations. Consult with regulatory agencies regarding interpretations and applications. Monitor the services provided by professional consultants and meet to review and assist them in their submissions. Prepare reports for management and clients. Assist in the development, compilation and distribution of technical data. Act as liaison between DASNY and clients and/or government agencies. Other Duties and Responsibilities Assist in the design, development, and/or testing of computerized systems/applications. Assist in the preparation of internal design work and modifications, sealing documents as required. Assist in the preparation of requests for proposals and the evaluation and selection of consultants. Identify new projects and violations requiring completion and dismissal. Assist Management in the development of policies. Develop, document and implement procedures. Assess, develop and implement internal controls, and oversee the review and testing of same. Undertake special assignments as directed. Must maintain regular attendance in accordance with DASNY attendance and leave policies. Must adhere to the NYS Information Security Policy Standards established and issued by the Office of Cyber Security and Critical Infrastructure Coordination. (Standards can be found on the Intranet.) Supervision N/A Physical/Mental/Visual Demands Frequent travel is required (three to six days per month on average), using public transportation, DASNY vehicle, rental vehicle or personal vehicle. This travel may include overnight stays at public accommodations and related establishments. Requires exposure to weather and temperature extremes, loud noises, heights (climbing ladders, scaffolding, etc.) and other work safety hazards (chemicals, fumes, etc.) of a construction site. Must be able to work overtime or extended work hours as needed. Work Environment Official station is a standard office environment, including the use of one or more of the following: PC, printer, copier, electronic stapler/hole punch/date stamp, telephone, fax machine, shredder, scanner. Observation and testing is completed at construction sites, buildings and other facilities, where the use of Technical Services related equipment is required. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's degree plus five years relevant experience. Must be licensed and registered in NYS as a Registered Architect. Must possess a valid driver’s license. Preferred Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Architecture strongly preferred, plus five years relevant post-license experience. Must be licensed and registered in NYS as a Registered Architect. Must possess a valid driver’s license. Other qualifications to be determined by subunit. Essential Skills Demonstrated ability to work independently and exercise sound judgment. Excellent oral and written communications skills. Demonstrated analytical skills. Proficiency in PC applications, such as Outlook, Excel, Word, Access.