Summary Responsible for the foundation’s overall MicroStrategy Business Intelligence (BI) platform, ensuring a reliable, stability, performance and guiding MicroStrategy design and development across multiple projects. The Sr. BI Engineer partners across multiple efforts to develop and drive the overall design, development and operational maturity of our BI and Analytics environment. Collaborate with a community of data architects, ETL developers, Business Analysts, and BI developers to build a new Data Warehouse and Reporting environment. Be a hands-on MicroStrategy developer with an execution mindset and lead core software development activities as they pertain to development of BI reports, dashboards, and visualizations. Champion efforts to ensure adoption of the MicroStrategy platform across the foundation. Introduce repeatable MicroStrategy patterns and approaches to development and deployment standards. Provide guidance, mentorship, and technical expertise to the core report developers on projects. Core Responsibilities Translate strategic project requirements into usable artifacts guiding to the development of MicroStrategy Semantic Layer, Objects, and Reports. Review completed code, documentation and other deliverables to ensure that they meet specifications and requirements based on defined expectations. Collaborate with our business partner community, Business Systems Analysts, and Solution Architects to identify BI requirements and design creative solutions for governed, self-service, and application embedded reporting. Responsible for processes of design, construction & unit testing of MicroStrategy projects, reports, and visualizations while ensuring long-term maintainability and scalability. Ensure best practices are being followed across development efforts by developing smart auditing and code review practices. Maintain and enhance existing MicroStrategy projects, reports, and objects. Mentor other team members on MicroStrategy features and roadmap and be recognized as a MicroStrategy BI thought leader. Support end users with report creation and troubleshooting. Participate in user group meetings and training to improve the overall knowledge of the primary users of the tool to ensure adoption across the organization. Gain in-depth understanding of our transactional systems and the relationship between those environments and the data warehouse. Lead our relationship with the MicroStrategy technical team including a weekly operations call with their cloud support team to ensure that the MicroStrategy platform is operating efficiently. Regularly engage in MicroStrategy operational issues including performance management and user provisioning Lead and mentor our MicroStrategy consulting partners on project teams Lead MicroStrategy design sessions leading up to code migration into production, ensures timely bug fixes, and provides guidance to business and technology management on process and technical issues. Work alongside ETL and EDW developers and architects to develop cohesive and performant BI solutions Partner closely with Senior Business Analyst in understanding and translating business requirements into stories, tasks, and subtasks in support of delivering consumable value to our business partners in an Agile manner. Leadership and Culture We believe that energized people, working well together, fueled by great leadership in an inclusive environment in which they thrive, will do phenomenal things. Core Knowledge and Skills Minimum 7+ Years of hands-on development, architecture, and analyst experience to support design of Enterprise Business Intelligence solutions utilizing MicroStrategy platform. 7+ Years of passionate experience in developing Dashboards, Governed Reports, Embedded-Analytics, Visualizations etc. Excellent experience in full data warehouse implementation and knowledge of developing MicroStrategy Semantic layer for highly performant reports and visualization. Hands on experience with modeling, development of Metrics, Attributes, Filters, Hierarchies, and other MicroStrategy objects. Full lifecycle perspective (requirements gathering through production deployment and support) in aspects of Business Intelligence solutions using platforms such as MicroStrategy and Tableau. Proficient with SQL, Complex SQL Tuning, Stored Procedures, and other techniques to develop highly performant Cubes and other means of assessing data quickly in a MicroStrategy PaaS and SQL Server@AWS environment. Hands on experience architecting and developing in a MicroStrategy 10.x environment. Highly experienced understanding of Business Intelligence Frameworks. Deep understanding of Visual Insights and Dossier desired. Experience working on other tools such as Tableau, Business Objects etc. would be nice, but not required. Ability to work with Enterprise Architects and Data Architects to develop BI roadmap, repeatable development and deployment frameworks etc. Thorough business skills, including stakeholder management, preparing and delivering presentations and workshops, and collecting and challenging requirements. Ability to mentor junior developers and consultants on the team. Proficient with working in a highly Agile (SCRUM) environment. Ability to advise senior IT management on BI & Analytics trends Education and Experience Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Math, or another related field, with 7+ years of hands-on development of Business Intelligence solutions in MicroStrategy. Reports to: Deputy Director, Global Data & Analytics Team LI-SB1 As part of our standard hiring process for new employees, employment with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation will be contingent upon successful completion of a background check. The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is dedicated to the belief that all lives have equal value. We’re committed to creating a workplace where employees thrive both personally and professionally. We also believe our employees should reflect the rich diversity of the global populations we aim to serve—in race, gender, age, cultures and beliefs—and we support this diversity through all of our employment practices. All applicants and employees who are drawn to serve the mission of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation will enjoy equality of opportunity and fair treatment without regard to: Race Color Age Religion Pregnancy Sex Sexual Orientation Disability Gender Identity Gender Expression National Origin Genetic Information Veteran Status Marital Status Prior Protected Activity