User Experience Engineer Power is seeking a User Experience Engineer to join our team. This engineer will have the ability to define how internal users will interact with our homegrown systems. We are looking for a collaborative UX engineer, who is passionate about creating phenomenal tools that people genuinely want to use. What we do here Fancy a unique work environment that is constantly pushing you to try something new? or perhaps stretch your skills by developing as solution for an industry you’ve always wanted to improve? At Power, we build our own application suite of products to run our entire business. We build complete solutions for finance, recruiting, sales, contact center and even meeting software. These are just some of the areas you’ll get an opportunity to tackle. We also design solutions for augmented reality in the home, satellite photo measurements and artificial intelligence suggestion engines. We get to dip our toes in many different fascinating areas and solve unique challenging problems that would on their own be standalone apps or companies. We’re a tech powerhouse built inside a remodeling company. Our teams are distributed, so we live and die by our ability to successfully collaborate. We collaborate using our own slack chat client. We use our own handoffs tools to support our User Experience team better create and collaborate with development and business groups. The user experience team is small diverse team made up of UX Designers and UX Engineers. We value diversity of all types at Power and our team is made up of a kind, thoughtful group of people with a wide range of backgrounds. We actively try to find people with different perspectives and experiences to the ones we already have. With a distributed group it’s important to connect in person, so we fly the whole distributed team to Philadelphia 3 times a year for our week long event called Create, focusing on connecting and learning from each other and the business. At Power we have all the upsides of a startup, we move fast, ship rapidly, iterate quickly, but with the benefit of an established organization that is well funded and profitable. The biggest perk of working at Power is that we have a small, talented team with a very large audience. This means you have the ability to have a huge impact on the product and the company, whilst also having really interesting and challenging problems to work on. We believe deeply in what we do and we're all in this to build something lasting, sustainable and positive. Power has been awarded Computerworld’s Best Places to Work in IT, Fortune Magazine’s 1 Workplace for Millennials, one of Glassdoor’s Best Places to Work, one of Inc. 5000’s Fastest Growing Private Companies, and Philadelphia Magazine Coolest Companies. About the Job: Implement new styles, interactions, animations, and details to help deliver the perfect experience across our platform Work alongside fellow UX Engineers to maintain and grow our internal design system Collaborate closely with designers to assess the feasibility of new ideas and help drive innovative ideas forward Deliver innovative, engaging prototypes and proof-of-concepts to help validate new ideas internally and with users Research technical documentation, APIs, integration with 3rd party technologies etc. to confirm project requirements, expectations and specific details Qualifications: Expert in modern front-end frameworks (e.g. React, Ruby on Rails, Sass) Passion for coding standards, componentization and code re-use Familiarity with technical constraints and limitations applied to designing for specific platforms Strong written & verbal communication and presentation skills Sharp eye for implementing design details Strong collaboration skills across disciplines to drive change into products Solid design sense and experience working closely with design teams Ability to manage and work on multiple projects concurrently A minimum of 3 years of industry experience in product design. Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills Strong collaboration skills across disciplines to drive change into products Ability to manage and work on multiple projects concurrently Experience working with and building design systems Ability to support the building process across with development Thorough knowledge of many design approaches, methodologies and lo-fi and high-fi prototyping skills Salary and Benefits: Full medical, dental, life and disability insurance plans that can be tailored to your specific needs and the needs of your family A competitive 401(k) retirement savings program matched by Power Competitive salary - We pay very well at market rates reflecting both location and experience. All the tech you need - We'll pay for whatever hardware and software you need to work and make sure you're regularly upgraded to the latest versions Personal development - Personal development books, courses, & conferences. Paid parental leave - When the time comes to welcome a new member of the family, we offer paid parental leave. 3 events per year focused on internal development and improvement. Office costs covered.