GENERAL PURPOSE Assists circulation and technical service staff with duties SUPERVISION RECEIVED Works under the general guidance and direction of the Circulation Supervisor. SUPERVISION EXERCISED None Examples Of Essential Duties: ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Works with the public to circulate library materials. Provides general information to the public in person and by telephone such as material availability, renewal information and fines. Performs general clerical functions including typing/filing forms, letters and reports. Shelves/retrieves library materials. Answers telephone and directs incoming calls as appropriate. Performs other duties essential to efficient library operation. May be assigned some or all the duties listed. Requires evening and weekend (Saturday) shift work. PERIPHERAL DUTIES Collects fines and fees; Issues library cards; Assists with programs as needed Typical Qualifications: MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Education and Experience: High school education with 6 months work experience, library experience preferred, or a minimum of 30 hours college in lieu of work experience. Volunteer work may be considered. Necessary Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Proficient computer skills using Windows and Microsoft Office; must demonstrate excellent customer/public service skills and ability to work with people of diverse ages and backgrounds; ability to deal with public in a pleasant manner, take messages accurately, take fine money, and make change. Bilingual (Spanish and English) preferred, but not necessary. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS Read and understand Dewey Decimal Classification System. Supplemental Information: TOOLS AND EQUIPMENT USED PC with Windows Operating system, automated library software, book trucks/carts, cash register, telephone and copy machine. PHYSICAL DEMANDS Lifting books, pushing book trucks, standing, reaching, kneeling, bending, twisting, and carrying. WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment varies. SELECTION GUIDELINES Formal application, rating of education and experience; oral interview and reference check; job related tests may be required. The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.