SUMMARY: Acronis is a fast-growing global technology company with highly skilled specialists and offices in over 18 different countries around the world. We have over 300 software developers from different countries working together to develop sophisticated and innovative technology into world-class data protection solutions. As we continue to grow and scale, we plan to build out a new R&D center based in our new Scottsdale, Arizona office. We are looking for software developers to join our team and work on the Software Developer Kit (SDK) for Acronis’ Data Cloud Platform. The SDK is a set of tools, frameworks, documentation and tutorials aimed to let our partners integrate their services and data sources with our platform. Every Software Developer has an instrumental role and impact on the success of Acronis’ business. The best fit for this position is someone who is passionate about technology and developing innovative, cutting-edge IT solutions. The ideal candidate will be very detail-oriented, organized, and highly motivated with a strong work ethic. They must be results-oriented, and can be relied upon to execute organizational goals with the utmost urgency and commitment. And just like every other position here at Acronis, they must embody all 5 of our company values: responsive, alert, detail oriented, make decisions and never give up. RESPONSIBILITIES: Design and develop software high performance Cloud services, backup agent components, etc Review and maintain code keeping it simple and efficient Write unit and functional tests, ensure the components are robust and reliable Participate in architecture discussions and project planning Work in international environment, communicate with teams in different time zones SKILLS & EXPERIENCE: Bachelor's degree in computer science or other applicable field such as IT, Physics, Mathematics, etc. 3+ years work experience as a software developer Strong programming skills (Go, C/C++) Experience designing APIs for libraries and/or frameworks (REST, RPC) Experience writing functional and unit tests Willingness to learn and grow professionally in a team environment Ability to take ownership and responsibility for projects and tasks Strong preference for: Experience using Python and JavaScript languages Ability to develop concurrent algorithms Understanding of Test-driven development best practices Document REST APIs with RAML Experience with Linux terminal, Git