We are seeking experienced, highly-skilled Director of Information Technology to join the 4over technology team. In this role, you will be responsible for overseeing and managing multiple teams in the department, with a focus on leadership, and Operations & Security, as well as SaaS infrastructures. You will be supporting the CTO in ensuring that our company’s technology is meeting its goals and objectives efficiently and reliably. You will work closely with the CTO and managers, users, and the technology team to help determine the best way possible to meet the technology needs of the company. The candidate must possess effective leadership skills and strong technical competencies that will be used to grow and motivate high performing, fast paced software development and technology teams, both onshore and offshore. The Director of Information Technology will work closely with senior management in all departments to identify, recommend, develop, implement, and support cost-effective technology solutions for all aspects of the organization. Strong analytical business skills, technical competence, communication, organization and leadership skills are a must. JOB DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Applies proven leadership methodologies to effectively build and sustain a motivated, high performing team. Working with IT and company leadership, supports the technology strategy for the organization that supports strong business alignment, increased profitability, and provides a sound, flexible foundation for the future. Manages outsourced resources accountable for timelines, projects, quality and more. Supports infrastructure, partnerships, and system integration efforts. Initiates current system documentation efforts for business continuity planning purposes. Supports the building a holistic view and roadmap of the company's technology strategy, processes, and information technology roadmap. Effectively translates and communicates technical strategies between the business and the technology department. Monitors department’s performance to ensure goals and objectives are achieved or exceeded on a consistent basis. Works in a consultative fashion with other senior management as an advisor of technologies that may improve company efficiency or effectiveness. Required Skills QUALIFICATIONS & SKILLS: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or other technology-related field. Masters degree is preferred Proven experience as IT director or similar role and knowledge of latest technologies including hardware, software, and cyber-security systems Minimum 8 years’ experience in leadership or management in an IT setting Minimum of 5 years’ experience of setting up and managing 3rd party resources (offshore or not) Experience in analysis, implementation and evaluation of IT systems and their specifications 5 years of experience in managing and controlling an information technology budget Excellent organizational and leadership skills Demonstrated ability to apply technology solutions to business problems Leadership ability to manage multiple cross-functional teams or projects and influence senior level management and key stakeholders Outstanding communication abilities Experience in administration and management of software-as-a-service systems, integrations, and partner and vendor management. Required Experience