Job Description The Superior Court of California, County of Alameda is accepting applications for the position of Assistant Administrative Analyst (Self Help Services). Under general supervision, the Assistant Administrative Analyst provides staff support in a variety of functional areas; performs a wide variety of administrative support duties in the coordination of projects; and performs other related duties as assigned.Under general supervision, provides staff support in a variety of functional areas; performs a wide variety of administrative support duties in the coordination of projects; and performs other related duties as assigned. The incumbent performs a variety of administrative support duties in addition to being independently responsible for small or discrete projects under direction of a senior staff member in various Court Divisions. This classification is distinguished from all other analyst classes in that the latter require direct specific knowledge and abilities and experience in the specialty field. The current job vacancy is assigned to the Family Law Division - Self Help Center and Family Law Facilitator Program at the Hayward Hall of Justice. Examples of Duties NOTE: The following are duties performed by employees in this classification. However, employees may perform other related duties at an equivalent level. Each individual in this classification does not necessarily perform all listed duties. Performs a full range of administrative duties in support of a particular Division, function, committees and working groups; conducts administrative process or program coordination including internship programs. Serves as primary point of direct administrative contact and liaison for the Division; manages the schedule/calendar, makes travel arrangements; greets, screens and directs visitors and callers; opens, sorts, screens, prioritizes, and distributes mail, attaches pertinent correspondence and other relevant data for reference; Provides a variety of information to self-represented litigants regarding court processes and procedures and assists the public with, among other things, the completion of necessary forms. Respond to information requests from the State, employees and labor unions; composes and prepares written documentation and correspondence for the office; coordinates and oversees the day to day management of supplies, equipment, and facilities for the Division, including maintenance, inventory management logistics, authorize and manage security access to court locations and other agencies and related activities; updates and maintains division website. Gathers, enters and/or updates data to maintain records and databases, as appropriate; develops and implements efficient systems for maintaining and accessing data; coordinates the preparation and distribution of surveys for projects; reviews data collected for accuracy and reasonableness; enters data into spreadsheet or database and generates standard and ad hoc reports and analysis. Processes procurement and billing invoices; initiates work orders for building and equipment maintenance and supplies; completes travel claims and processes reimbursement requests; reviews financial and/or statistical information for accuracy and uses statistical software to perform calculations and numerical comparisons, generates reports, graphs and charts for special projects. Schedules and confirms meetings and appointments, prepares agenda materials and follows up on agenda item Performs other related duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications Option I Education: Possession of an Associate of Arts degree from an accredited college or university in social or behavioral science, legal studies or related field. And Experience: The equivalent to one year of full-time clerical, administrative or legal support experience that included heavy interaction with the public. Option II Experience: The equivalent to five years of full-time clerical, administrative or legal support experience that included heavy interaction with the public in a court environment. Knowledge and Abilities _Knowledge of_ principles and practices of program design, development, implementation and management, principles and techniques of administrative and statistical analysis , and report preparation, including work processing and spreadsheets, principles and techniques of preparing effective oral presentations and written materials; office and administrative practices and procedures, including records and data base management; strong interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to work effectively with a wide range of constituencies in a diverse community; interviewing techniques, mediation techniques and approaches, cultural diversity issues, information research skills. _Ability to_ understand, apply and explain legal terminology and procedures; research legal issues; analyze and interpret financial data and prepare financial reports, statements and/or projections; create, compose, and edit written materials; make administrative and procedural decisions and judgments on sensitive, confidential issues; organize and coordinate events; operate a variety of modern office equipment, including personal computer, fax machine and copier; and may drive a state or personal vehicle to attend a meeting.