Office 365 Substrate is a critical piece of Microsoft’s cloud strategy and it is experiencing tremendous growth, with hundreds of millions monthly active commercial and consumer users. The Substrate is a massively distributed cloud service with O(exabyte) data handled by O(300K) servers in O(100) data-centers around the entire globe, and it's a joint effort across Office 365 teams as well as Windows and Bing. We are the O365 Substrate Intelligence team, and we are building the intelligence and machine learning platform components for large scale messaging, collaboration and social interactions. This platform will empower first and third-party developers and data scientist to build new breed of intelligent applications and machine learning solutions at scale without compromising O365 data privacy and compliance standards. Responsibilities As part of this mission, we aim to use the latest machine reading comprehension, QnA, Deep Learning, NLU and NLP to improve and automate business process and generate knowledge and insights for M365 Qualifications Successful candidate should have: Strong passion and proven experience delivering highly quality services. 10+ years of experience in architecting and developing scalable distributed systems Ability to design and lead implementation of complex systems involving many, complex, technologies. Proven leadership skills Exceptional problem solving, coding & debugging skills Ability to generate clarity in ambiguous situations Ability to communicate complex topic to non-technical audiences and understand the implications of complex business, legal, and regulatory issues on technology and technical deliverables. Technical accomplishments in large-scale hosted services Understanding of machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities Proven ability to lead not merely through positional authority but also influence Expert in OOP software design patterns and principles _Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter._ Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.