Tukwila,Washington,United States BAULN2 The Maintenance & Leasing Solutions (M&LS;) Organization has an opening in a high profile, fast paced and exciting environment with tremendous growth and learning potential in Tukwila, WA. The Maintenance & Leasing Solutions Software Development team is looking for a Junior Systems/Data Computing Architect to support definition and design activities for the M &LS; product portfolio. The individual chosen will have great opportunities interfacing with key business and technical leaders from across the Digital Aviation & Analytics organization and be able to exercise technical and leadership skills. This position will also provide opportunities to develop technical skills on applications that are deployed on the Microsoft Azure cloud. This individual will work to develop, define and communicate architectural direction of the most optimal solutions within and across products. Must have a strong technical background, experience with systems architecture, good written and verbal communication skills, be proactive and willing to work within a team. Also desired, Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe)/Agile fundamentals. Systems Architect responsibilities include: Performs research and analysis on processes, applications, systems and data to create an application or system design. Consults with customers and other technical members to clarify and refine the design. Creates decision memos for complex designs and then communicates the technical direction to the teams impacted. on, roadmap and content presentations. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): Minimum 1 year of experience with Software Architecture/Development, Systems and Application Development and/or Systems Integration Excellent analytical skills Effective writing skills Excellent verbal communication Effective communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills Exposure to Agile Software Development Lifecycle Ability to facilitate design sessions & develop proposals for solutions Typical Education/Experience: Technical bachelor's degree and typically 2 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree or an equivalent combination of education and experience. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. Yes, 10 % of the Time Digital Aviation & Analytics Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company