About Netskope We’re changing the way enterprises think about Security. Our goal is to be the leading cloud security and analytics platform globally. It’s time for smart cloud/web security, we innovate the way security is done, i.e. that we provide a cloud-based service as opposed to traditional on-prem solutions. Our patented Cloud XD technology eliminates blind spots by going deeper than any other security provider to quickly target and control activities across thousands of cloud services and millions of websites. With full control from our cloud, our customers benefit from 360-degree data protection that guards data everywhere and advanced threat protection that stops elusive attacks. At Netskope, we call this smart cloud security. Netskope is the leader in cloud security. We believe that people and companies should be able to collaborate without limits, working safely across the cloud, web, devices, and locations. Our corporate leadership is clear, open, and honest, leaders share what’s happening in the company, and all employees make a big impact. Recognized as a leader in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant, on Glassdoor ( https://www.forbes.com/sites/louiscolumbus/2018/02/11/the-best-cloud- computing-companies-to-work-for-in-2018-based-on-glassdoor/2bd862bb1475 ) and Fortune Magazine as one of the top 100 cloud companies in the world, and as one of the three fastest-growing cybersecurity companies, Netskope is a fast- moving company built to be the strategic enterprise security partner for a long time to come. Netskope is headquartered in Los Altos, California. Visit us at www.netskope.com ( http://www.netskope.com/ ) and follow us on Twitter @Netskope ( https://twitter.com/netskope )and Facebook ( https://www.facebook.com/netskope/ ). Position Overview As a Netskope Resident Engineer you will be a dedicated Professional Services Consultant to our Customer responsible for: Understand the customer requirements and deliverables and create a comprehensive Statement of Work (SOW) Present the Netskope cloud security assessments to Customer Create and deliver detailed and professional level documentation Understand System integration with SSO, AD, Proxies, Cloud API’s, VM’s & Firewalls Create evaluation test plans and implement DLP solutions Self Project Manage and deliver services on-time Create training documentation and deliver hands-on training to the Customer Working closely with Customer and their Technical Team Required Experience and Skills: 5+ years of experience as a Professional Services Consultant with proven track record and demonstrable skills at presenting technical information at the business executive level or at the architect level Excellent knowledge and prior experience selling network security technologies including but not limited to: Proxies, NG Firewalls, SSL/IPSec, VPNs, SSO, DLP and Encryption gateways Demonstrable experience with systems installation, configuration and administration UNIX/Linux and Windows-based systems (prior Active Directory/LDAP experience desirable) Other Requirements: Working onsite at our Customer’s campus 'Whatever it takes' attitude and motivation to do whatever necessary to complete the job Self-motivated Strong communication (written and verbal) and presentation skills, both internally and externally Strong problem-solving skills Excellent organizational skills Travel required Preferences: Experience with working with a Fortune 500 company Prior experience in early stage startups Scripting Language (Perl/Python) HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, CSS HIPAA, PCI, PII, ITAR, GLBA, SOX, etc. Data encryption Technologies Education: BSCS or equivalent technical degree LI-GB1