The Senior Supply Chain Analyst of Strategic Design supports the collaborative strategic design work between GM and DSV. He/she has a solid understanding of supply chain management, strategic network design approaches as well as strong capabilities within IT and data analytics in general and supply chain optimization software in particular. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Idea capture and prioritization Idea generation from data analytics Support white board sessions to assess & prioritize ideas Develop project charters for shortlisted ideas Identify project value based on costs and/or performance Execution of strategic design projects in conjunction with GM Help translate output from strategic design projects into tangible changes that have to be implemented into operations Work with transportation planners to ensure strategic design changes are translated in TMS data model Support ongoing follow up and value tracking by implemented strategic design project Continually looks for opportunities for improvements both internally and externally. MINIMUM REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS (SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITIES REQUIRED) Education and/or Experience Academic degree within supply chain management – preferably at master level Experience from working in a 3PL environment Consulting experience Computer Skills Proficient with all Microsoft Office applications; i.e. Project, Word, Excel, Access, Visio, Office Proficient with Python, Tableau, and other design applications 2-4 years experience with Llamasoft software Knowledge and understanding of Business Intelligence (BI) tools Certified project management experience is an advantage Language Skills English Foreign language skills are a plus Mathematical Skills Analytical and a solid mathematics foundation is a must. Other Skills Strong interpersonal skills that promote team building and collaboration are required. Superior analytical and problem solving skills Strong project management skills Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously Strong interpersonal and written/verbal communication skills Ability to work independently and as part of a team Strong work ethic, patience, and willing to travel extensively Ability to work in a fast paced environment PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Certificates, Licenses, Registrations or Professional Designations Project Management Certified a plus PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee uses his/her hands to finger, handle or feel objects, tools or controls; reach with hands and arms; stoop, kneel, or crouch; talk or hear. The employee uses computer and telephone equipment. The employee also regularly lifts and/or moves objects up to 10 pounds. Specific vision requirements of this job include close vision and distance vision. Ability to travel by automobile, air plane, etc. <60%. WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee rarely is exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals. The noise level in the work environment is usually low to moderate. The job is performed in an office environment. DSV is an equal employment opportunity employer. Candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, creed, color, national origin, age, sex, religion, ancestry, veteran status, marital status, gender identify, sexual orientation, national origin, liability for military service, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. If you require special assistance or accommodation while seeking employment with DSV, please contact Human Resources at hr@us.dsv.com. If you are interested in learning the status of your application, please note you will be contacted directly by the appropriate human resources contact person if you are selected for further consideration. DSV reserves the right to defer or close a vacancy at any time.