We live in a moment of remarkable change and opportunity that is cognitive computing. The convergence of data and technology is transforming industries, society and the workplace. CognitiveScale is looking for talent to drive market success by building cognitive business solutions. Our team integrates ML and NLP expertise with enterprise software to deliver innovative ML/AI solutions. This position is specifically for candidates with ML and data mining expertise who can engage with customers and potential customers and help translate their business problems into a set of data science/ NLP procedures, estimate what data, skills and effort levels would be required for such engagements, and then develop a solution in conjunction with our in-house Data Scientist experts and software engineers using appropriate algorithms and tools. Job Responsibilities Analyze complex data from various sources to build next-generation ML systems Assist the engineering and operations organizations in integrating and deploying your solutions Estimate the effort involved and skills needed from a machine learning perspective for a specific customer engagement Able to learn industry processes and incorporating them in the solution Maintain high standard of quality and adhere to best coding practices. Coordinate and work collaboratively with remote teams to ensure smooth delivery Be responsible for measuring and optimizing the quality of your algorithms Candidates must have customer facing experience or aspirations Ability to travel Job Specifications (some items below are “nice to have” rather than must- have.) Experience with Data Science centered Projects MS degree in Computer Science/Engineering, related quantitative field with 2 years of relevant experience or a Bachelor’s degree in these fields with 4+ years of experience. Experience with languages such as Python, C++ and shell scripts Strong interest in, and knowledge of Artificial Intelligence and its subfields Experience with open-source ML/math toolkits such as scikit-learn, PyTorch,Tensorflow, etc. Ability to collaborate with the R&D; team to develop new algorithms that are not available in popular toolkits. Experience with knowledge graphs, optimization, decision theory or signal processing is a plus. Soft Skills Strong verbal and written communication; position will involve some engagement with customers as well as internal algorithmic sciences team Strong organizational, multi-tasking and time management skills High-energy, detail-oriented, and proactive with the ability to function under pressure in an independent environment Strong ability to collaborate with a global development team Experience working with international customers Strong understanding of business processes or ability to quickly learn CognitiveScale is an Equal Opportunity Employer. CognitiveScale does not discriminate against any applicant for employment because of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, veteran status, or disability. Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully: CognitiveScale is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please: no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at CognitiveScale via email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of CognitiveScale. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by CognitiveScale as a result of the referral or through other means.