A family of companies and experiences As the leading foodservice and support services company, Compass Group USA is known for our great people, great service and our great results. If you’ve been hungry and away from home, chances are you’ve tasted Compass Group’s delicious food and experienced our outstanding service. Our 225,000 associates work in award-winning restaurants, corporate cafes, hospitals, schools, arenas, museums, and more in all 50 states. Our reach is constantly expanding to shape the industry and create new opportunities for innovation. Join the Compass family today! great people. great services. great results. Each and every individual plays a key role in the growth and legacy of our company. We know the next big idea can come from anyone. We encourage developing and attracting expertise that differentiates us as a company as we continue to raise the bar. Job Summary This role will listen to a business problem, interpret, and make suggestions for trying to solve the problem. Will need to engage in collaborative dialog to come to solutions. Under limited supervision, this self-directed position ensures timely and accurate on-boarding of new clients for our proprietary applications: Pulse and Acuity Connect – data collection tools Acuity – portal STACK – new platform currently in development – optimized data collection, project tracking, and action plan creation This position also provides technical support to existing sector partners, client contacts, and platform users as necessary. This position gathers necessary data, configures applications and quality parameters, tests and validates data and output to ensure accuracy, integrates and trains Application Specialists, works closely with our development team, and works with internal management to ensure the end product meets the client’s requirements/needs. The toolsets that will be used and supported are: Proprietary applications Pulse, Acuity Connect, STACK, and Acuity. Elements of JD Edwards (JDE), SAP, and SAP Business Objects, as necessary. Essential Functions Solicits, defines, and documents customer/user needs. Provides suggestions on product best practices and solutions to business problems for sector partners/clients. Loads spreadsheet and automated data into Acuity and validates data to ensure correctness and accuracy. May configure data loading quality parameters for clients. Configures Pulse/Acuity Connect/STACK applications and data routings to Acuity. These tasks will evolve with the development and launch of STACK. Configures ACE so that it displays information that is meaningful to each client, for both simple (one week) and complex client (90 days) setup. Tests new features that have been developed for the platforms. Actively incorporates new development into daily use for customer base. Performs and coordinates ongoing maintenance of clients, including reconfiguring as needed, and adjusting parameters. Gives product demonstrations as needed. Trains Application Specialists. Creates/maintains/updates thorough process documentation and accurate scripts. Clear, frequent communication with team members/developers/sector partners/clients/team leadership. Qualifications 1+ years of experience in enterprise systems support or analysis and design required, two to five years preferred. Bachelor degree in Business or equivalent. 1 year experience as Application Specialist. Project management experience. Customer feedback/survey experience. Previous experience with reporting tools such as Business Objects, Cognos, Information Builders or MicroStrategy. Elementary Microsoft SQL experience. Requires knowledge of enterprise class systems (i.e. ERP, CRM, HRIS; JDE preferred). Understand business intelligence tools (i.e. Business Objects, MicroStrategy). General understanding of systemic processing (i.e. Dashboard). Strong analytical thinker. Appropriate project management and systems and process analysis skills. Must have a thorough understanding of database management and its integrity. Requires at a minimum INTERMEDIATE Microsoft Excel skills. A thorough understanding of business and its procedures. Strong organizational skills and the ability to multi-task and set priorities. Must have excellent interpersonal communication skills (writing, speaking, and listening) as this is a collaborative team environment. Apply to Compass Group today! Click here to Learn More about the Compass Story Compass Group is an equal opportunity employer. At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law. Req ID: 184678 Compass Corporate JEFFERY F LANDIS SALARIED EXEMPT