This is a critical position supporting the Space Systems Company Special Programs Line of Business (SPLOB) in Sunnyvale, California. This position will have the responsibility for installing, configuring and maintaining the NetApp storage systems supporting the Space Systems Program environments. Candidate will work closely with team members and vendors to design, implement and maintain NetApp storage systems and NetBackup infrastructures. Candidate will configure and monitor system backups and database archive operations.The position may plan COTS software and hardware upgrades to meet program milestones and coordinate with other functional groups on system upgrades. The position will be closely tied in with any new technology solutions being deployed in support of the Remote Sensing line of business. After-hours support is periodically required. Working some non-standard shifts might be required to support periodic system tests, baseline promotions, and other mission critical activities. Position Responsibilities: Design, implement, and maintain NetApp CDOT storage solutions Design, implement, and maintain Backup Network solutions using Net Backup Integrate SAN storage solutions with server infrastructure Work closely with System Administration staff to optimize storage and backup solutions Work closely with Network team to optimize SAN and backup infrastructures Desired Skills: • Experience with Cisco Nexus routers Working knowledge of LDAP, DNS, DHCP, Active Directory Knowledge of general networking principles Knowledge of Linux setup and configurations Problem solving skills Patching, Firmware, and NetApp OS Upgrade experience Integration of SAN with multiple OS’s (AIX, Linux, Unix, Windows) OpenStack integration with NetApp Storage BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Experience with NetApp filers and CDOT technology Experience with Red Hat Linux Operating Systems Working knowledge of backup and restore applications, preferably Symantec NetBackup Experience with Storage Fabric layout and managment Must have an ACTIVE Top Secret/SCI clearance with a current poly Security+ Certificate or other Information Assurance Certificates ( e.g. CISSP) and/or Computing Environment (CE) certification must be obtained within 60 days and maintained while in this job Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.