Job Description: Senior Analyst, Reporting & Analytics The Senior Analyst within Credit Risk organization will wear many hats and an exciting opportunity awaits the right candidate! He/she will be close to the data and help our partners understand it. Part of your job is to design, implement, and maintain Analytical Reporting and Visualization that tells the story of what is happening, why it’s happening and provides actionable insights to Business leadership. This key team member should be to leverage knowledge of business intelligence & automation to help internal customers understand the portfolio performance in a proficient manner. Responsibilities: This role requires a strong understanding of BI solutions and Visual analytics. The candidate must have experience and a deep understanding of reporting systems, business intelligence, data warehousing technologies and methodologies, as well as principles of dashboard design and data visualization. Furthermore, excellent communication and collaboration with team members on data, reporting, documentation and visualization will be key. The individual will work directly with business customers and stakeholders to understand their needs, develop and support BI solutions. The candidate must have hands-on experience designing, developing and producing executive-ready reports/dashboards with strong attention to details. A successful candidate will be able to demonstrate and combine web development, BI solutions, and Data Warehouse / Data Mart experiences, with solid analytics, data visualization and impactful dashboard design. Specific responsibilities include: Work closely with stake holders to analyze and understand relevant data features and KPIs. Carry out data analysis and BI development work. Gather and document Business Intelligence (BI) requirements. Develop complex interactive/dynamic dashboards per BI specifications. Develop, distribute and maintain complex risk management, portfolio management, and ad-hoc reports using Tableau and other BI tools. Develop and implement solutions using data warehouse, data marts, and operational data stores. Conduct trouble shooting for reporting anomalies and build safeguards for correct data in reporting. Provide day-to-day support and mentoring junior developers/end users who are interacting with the data. Track and communicate project status to stakeholders throughout the project life-cycle. Qualifications: Bachelor or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related technical discipline. 3+ years of hands-on experience in business intelligence and in configuring, designing, building visualizations and dashboards using Tableau and other BI tools (Power BI, SAS Visual Analytics, etc). Ability to develop insightful data visualization for business leaders. Experience developing self-guided dashboards for multiple team use. Experience with creating ETLs using SSIS and SQL scripts. Facilitate/lead reviews (walkthroughs) of dashboard specifications and program code with other members of the technical team; communicating design, requirements, functionality and limitations of systems/applications to team members. Ability to effectively troubleshoot data inaccuracies, identify root causes, and take corrective action. Knowledge of information technology concepts, application development methodology, terminology and standards. Detail oriented with excellent time management and organizational skills to meet critical deadline. Advanced analytical skills and demonstrated ability to meet deadlines while managing multiple large-scale projects in a dynamic environment. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. The role requires effective communication with multiple organizations. Self-motivated, ability to prioritize work and multi-task across many assignments in a fast-paced work environment. Wireless industry and Credit risk experience a plus. LI-LU1 Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.