What makes Gartner a GREAT fit for you? When you join Gartner, you’ll be part of a fast-growing team that helps the world become smarter and more connected. We’re the leader in our industry, achieving double-digit growth by helping clients make the right decisions with business and technology insights they can’t find anywhere else. Our associates enjoy a collaborative work environment, exceptional training and career development — as well as unlimited growth potential. If you like working with a generous, supportive, high-performing team, Gartner is where you want to be. When you join Gartner, you will be part of a fast-growing team that helps the world become smarter and more connected. We re the leader in our industry, achieving double-digit growth by helping clients make the right decisions with business and technology insights they can t find anywhere else. Our associates enjoy a collaborative work environment, exceptional training and career development as well as unlimited growth potential. If you like working with a generous, supportive,high-performing team, Gartner is where you want to be. About this role: The Security Analyst is the heartbeat of Security Operations a vital teammate within a group focused on delivering continuous monitoring, threat hunting, and response to a growing organization. W hat you will do: Reviews and analyzes daily security intelligence feeds, provides detection engineering recommendations, and applies protections to mitigate new threats. Monitor,analyze, and synthesize daily security alerts/events surfaced via internal and external sources. Investigate and validate actionable security alerts/events and escalate or take action as indicated in security model to mitigate threats. Participate in continuous security monitoring and incident response activities across cloud and on-premise network environments. Participate in security related threat hunting and forensic analysis activities. Builds expertise through training and development in attacker techniques and trade craft. Key contributor to the adaptive security detection and monitoring strategy of Gartner. What you will need: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or related discipline, or equivalent work experience. 2+ years of information technology experience Strong understanding of technology stack: OS (Windows, Linux, iOS, OSX, Android), virtualization,storage, networks/protocols, database, application; cloud stack familiarity highly desired Strong understanding of network and application protocols and services; TCP/IP, UDP, HTTP, SMTP, DNS,etc. Strong understanding of common cyber-attack methods and defense methods Able for on-call 24/7 for critical security event response Ability to communicate clearly and effectively with customers, technical and business teams Able to multitask under stressful conditions Excellent analytical skills Administration of SIEM and orchestration/automation tools, as well as offensive and defensive security tools, procedures, techniques In-depth knowledge in leveraging SIEM, Enterprise Detect & Response tools, and threat intelligence tools to perform threat hunting across a global enterprise. Intermediate knowledge of scripting and/or programming language Experience with threat management platforms (vulnerability management, threat intelligence etc) What we offer: In addition to an outstanding work environment with rapid advancement potential, Gartner associates enjoy exceptional compensation and benefits, including: An upbeat, positive culture. Integrity, objectivity,collaboration, results and a no-limits mind set are central to our values Limitless growth. We work with you to help you meet your goals and advance within the company Encouragement to be innovative and challenge status quo Exposure to industry leading training and development Performance based recognition and rewards Job Requisition ID:G20942 By submitting your information and application, you confirm that you have read and agree to the country or regional recruitment notice linked below applicable to your place of residence. Gartner Applicant Privacy Link: https://jobs.gartner.com/applicant-privacy- policy For efficient navigation through the application, please only use the back button within the application, not the back arrow within your browser.