Company Overview At Zones, we enable positive business outcomes through innovative solutions that leverage technology from world-class partners and exceptional service from our team of certified sales, engineering, and supply chain specialists. nfrastructure, the Services Company of Zones, is comprised of more than 400 systems engineers, solution architects, and technical specialists who design and deploy solutions in support of our customers’ digital workplace modernization, network optimization, data center transformation, and security fortification initiatives. Our values are simple: work together, learn together – and succeed together. We promote a high-spirited working environment, where teams can collaborate and learn from each other. That’s how we’ve innovated, adapted, and grown for over 30 years. Position Overview The Director of Technology Centers will be responsible for providing vision and leadership to ensure all Technology Center operational guidelines, compliance and protocols are adhered to, productivity standards are maintained, and continuous improvement processes are created. The role manages the day-to-day activities of multiple nationwide Technology Centers’ operational functions. The Technology Centers are responsible for implementing, configuring, imaging and repairing computer equipment and related peripherals for enterprise-level deployment programs. Key Responsibilities The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The Director of Technology Centers is primarily responsible for: Direct technology center activities, projects and improvement activities to fulfill department and organizational goals. Set objectives for quality and productivity measures. Train staff to comply with policies, practices and procedures to effectively and efficiently accomplish goals. Work with Project Management team as Subject Matter Expert to develop project requirements, timeframes, and outcomes. Create and implement processes and procedures to ensure the accuracy of configuration and integration activities. Oversee the management, maintenance and organization of the company’s technology inventory for internal and customer use. Evaluate existing operations to recommend and implement improvements to productivity and operational efficiency. Provide input, support and hands-on leadership for technology center managers. Oversee standardization of practices and procedures across all facilities Monitor and oversee throughput goals and setting or redefining standards, as needed. Oversee resource allocation and utilization across the centers to ensure targets are being met and maintained Work with internal departments to identify deficiencies in existing processes/procedures, the need for new ones, and the extent to which such processes/procedures are being followed. Maintain an open line of communication with management and partners. Other duties as assigned We are se eking candidates with the following experience and skills EDUCATION: Bachelor's degree in information technology, computer science or related field. Master's degree a plus. EXPERIENCE: 10+ years IT experience in large, enterprise, multi-location integration centers. Management and leadership experience. Demonstrated skills in Cisco, HP, Dell, Lenovo, Microsoft and Apple technologies. Experience managing SLA’s and large deployment projects. Experience building images / installing and configuring software and drivers. Experience with network imaging, and PXE. Ability to perform advanced computer, laptop, tablet and printer repairs Advanced understanding of Windows 7, Windows 10, macOS, iOS, and Android operating systems. Experience with enterprise-level networks. Demonstrated ability to define infrastructure and operational needs, assess alternatives and determine and communicate recommendations. This includes the creation of plans, financial projections, etc. Effective presentation/communication skills. Must have the ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers and customers. Demonstrated ability to effectively develop and lead a team of individuals. Effective interpersonal skills and the ability to coordinate efforts across departments and collaborate with senior management. Excellent analytical, problem solving/decision making skills; ability to make timely, effective, fact-based decisions. Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite Ability to travel Ability to lift 50 lbs. _Desired:_ Technical environment experience with: o Windows Server implementation, configuration, and support o VMWare implementation, configuration, and support o Microsoft Active Directory o Cisco configuration, maintenance and support Certifications: o MCSE o CCNA o ACSP At Zones, we take great pride in offering a full spectrum of comprehensive, flexible benefit programs to our employees: Medical/dental/vision coverage 401(k) plan with matching provision Life insurance Paid vacation time Financial protection benefits Group discounts & perks Wellness programs And more Zones is also proud to be a certified Minority Business Enterprise (MBE), Corporate Plus member of the Northwest MSDC (Minority Supplier Development Council), and Equal Employment Opportunity Employer (EEOE) committed to diversity and inclusion. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We offer employment and advancement opportunities to every applicant. Come join our team. Let’s talk.