Ethos Solutions, a rapidly growing tech company in Phoenix, is looking for you—a smart problem-solver who enjoys working on an array of cutting edge cloud and mobile technologies and working on the “next big thing” for really cool clients. If you love to code and are looking to be a part of a company that encourages thinking outside of the box, then this is the job for you. We are currently seeking Java Developers (Local Candidates Only). Ethos Solutions is looking for talent that is not tied into any one platform; we develop solutions using the most relevant technology with the goal of exceeding our clients’ expectations. This position offers phenomenal growth opportunities for the right candidate. If you work for us, you are here to make a difference. Responsibilities: Expertise in designing, developing, testing, implementing, deploying and maintenance of software applications Capability to adapt and deliver solutions in an agile environment Creating robust applications and identifying best strategies to assist clients to maximize their goals Experienced with full lifecycle application development (SDLC) Utilize engineering tools such as version control systems management, build processes, and debugger in software development process Strong understanding of, and practical experience with web application development Education and Required Experience: BS/BA in Computer Science or related science/technical field 3+ years of experience with developing software and technical implementations of customer projects Solid experience understanding of OOP methodologies and design patterns (Java) Custom application development preferred Application development experience with JavaScript, XML, HTML, ASP, SQL, SOAP and/or REST, JSON a plus Desired Characteristics: Enjoys a fast-paced entrepreneurial environment Driven by customer success with a team player attitude Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Highly motivated, hands-on and results-oriented Enthusiastic, self-motivated professional with a focus on building quality applications Excellent listening skills to fully collaborate with team and client to achieve successful outcome This is a full-time regular position located in Phoenix, Arizona. All candidates must be legally authorized to work in the United States for any employer. Currently, Ethos Solutions does not sponsor H1B visas. About Ethos Ethos Solutions is a professional services consulting firm specializing in business application development and integrations. Our Core Business includes Salesforce implementations, customizations and integrations, web-enabled business application development, mobile applications (Native and Web- Enabled), and system integrations for a diverse group of clients.