About JLL We’re JLL. We’re a professional services and investment management firm specializing in real estate. We help organizations around the world achieve their ambitions by owning, occupying and investing in real estate. If you’re looking to step up your career, JLL is the perfect professional home. At JLL, you’ll have a chance to innovate with the world’s leading businesses, put that expertise into action on landmark projects, and work on game-changing real estate initiatives. You’ll also make long-lasting professional connections through sharing different perspectives, and you’ll be inspired by the best. We’re focused on opportunity and want to help you make the most of yours. Achieve your ambitions – join us at JLL! For further information, please visit www.jll.com Objective of Role: JLL Americas Research is seeking an Analyst – Data Visualization & BI to assist the Americas Research team in the creation of internally and externally facing dashboards and analytics. The position will also aid in the administration of our client terminals. This position will work closely with all levels of Research including upper management, local analysts, and members of the Americas IT and Global Data groups. Communication and collaboration will also be necessary with other groups and business lines within JLL. The position will report to the Manager of Data Visualization and Analytics within Research. The position will be based in Chicago, IL. Accountabilities: Produce a variety of reports and analytics to facilitate operational processes and business decisions. Provide reporting and analytic support to internal Research and brokerage teams. Produce BI charts, graphs and dashboards on an existing internal system with robust data. Assist with BI platform administration and management. Ensure efficient data management processes and high data integrity. Work hand-in-hand with our GIS teams in building reports. Continue and build upon practices for mining available data from databases via API that will lead to improved customer service delivery and improved performance. Support the best practices implementation of reporting and analysis as well as business glossary content. Establish reporting and communications related to analysis and recommendations that drive improved decision making. Participate in the JLL Business Intelligence Community of Practice. Work with a customer focused mentality to internal stakeholders. Required Qualifications & Experience: Experience with manipulating and analyzing data. Understanding of statistical modeling, analysis, and compilation of quantitative data measures. Experience with advanced Excel, Microsoft Tableau is a big plus. Experience with scorecard and/or analytic reporting development is a plus. Excellent communication and presentation skills. Ability to comfortably assimilate complex concepts. Strong technology skills, e.g. data visualization tools. LI _JLL Is an Equal Opportunity Employer_ _JLL is committed to developing and maintaining a diverse workforce. JLL strongly believes in equal opportunity extended to all individuals in all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, transfer, discipline, layoff, recall and termination without regard to race, color, religion, belief, creed, age, sex, pregnancy or maternity (including childbirth and related conditions), family responsibility (e.g. child care, elder care), nationality, ethnic or national origin or ancestry, citizenship, marital status, civil partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, veteran’s status, genetic information, trade union membership, social position, political view or status as a qualified individual with a disability, protected leave status or any other protected characteristic in accordance with applicable law. The company also endeavors to make reasonable accommodations for known physical or mental limitations of otherwise qualified employees and applicants with disabilities unless the accommodations would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business and ensures that employment decisions are based only on valid job requirements._ _For employees in the United States, please see a fully copy of our Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy at_ _https://jll2.sharepoint.com/CorporatePolicies/HR%20Policies/Equal%20Employment%20Opportunity%20and%20Affirmative%20Action.pdf_ _._