The complex, rapidly changing healthcare environment requires the Neuroscience Field Consultant (NFC) to have a “Team Lilly” mindset. The NFC must be a resilient and an agile learner. The NFC must demonstrate accountability and adaptability in proactively engaging and aligning uniquely positioned customers (serving as both clinicians and specialized population based decision makers) in the neuroscience space who impact clinical, quality, and economic decisions to convey how the Lilly neuroscience products and resources can meet the healthcare needs of the patient population. The NFC must have excellent prioritization skills, be dedicated to collaboration and a “1-Lilly” mindset, have a strong orientation toward customer engagement, and the ability to influence both one-on-one and in groups to develop and manage both internal and external relationships. The ideal candidate is self-motivated and honorable, with demonstrated skills in customer engagement, strategic account management, analysis, collaboration/teamwork, time management, communication, problem-solving, sales, compliance, judgment, leadership, and negotiation. The Neuroscience Field Consultant reports to the Key Account Director, Neuroscience. KEY OBJECTIVES/DELIVERABLES: Population-based decision maker responsibilities: Engage specialized neurology population-based decision makers within headache/neurology centers with targeted engagements aligned to these uniquely positioned customers. Leverage brand and portfolio resources to provide targeted engagements to customers in order to provide value to the patient, the physician, and the healthcare system. Demonstrate deep understanding of the assigned neuroscience account(s) and customers and the impact of the healthcare environment on those account(s) and the associated health system(s). Partner with Integrated Health market managers to maintain formulary access within the assigned neuroscience accounts and influence care pathways and protocols. Partner with medical overlaps to identify joint needs with population based decision makers and provide clinical disease state and product information and resources. HCP responsibilities: Engage influential stakeholders and ensure every interaction has significance. Identify opportunities to engage both within the neuroscience account and at outside venues such as Neurology and Headache/Migraine conferences, meetings, etc. Partner with customers to understand practice workflow and patient needs within the Headache Center. As a business owner, provide resources and meet customer needs for disease-state information, diagnostic and patient identification resources, and product-specific support. Assist and coordinate critical activities with physicians and office staff through the drug initiation process, device training, patient support programs, and follow-up where applicable. Represent Lilly as a leader in the Neurosciences community and marketplace. Demonstrate execution excellence within the assigned territory as it relates to targeting, messaging, programs, and budget. Partner with Neuroscience sales overlaps to coordinate efforts on shared/key customers across sales messages, resources and shared opportunities. Disease State and Market Knowledge: Have external focus and develop deep knowledge of Neurosciences industry/research, local and regional market trends, disease-state, product and competitor knowledge. Identify decision criteria and barriers for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment for patients (including protocols, care pathways, etc.) within the health system. Demonstrate strong market, system, and site of care knowledge in their local ecosystem Aggressively pursue ongoing medical knowledge development within and outside of formal Lilly training by reading industry/technical literature (e.g. articles, journals, newsletters) and attending medical conferences when possible. Earn reputation throughout the Neurosciences community as a subject-matter expert and a valued resource. Strategic Account Management/Other responsibilities: Strategize with internal partners (including brand, sales, and Integrated Health) to prioritize key account partnership opportunities and develop individual account plans for key customers and ensure alignment across all individuals interacting with customers. Identify and communicate patient flow within the health system to Lilly colleagues. Demonstrate knowledge of both Lilly’s and Neuroscience’s vision, mission, business strategies/goals, products, processes and compliance requirements. Lead and standardize effective business analysis. Utilize sales performance, competitive and/or customer or industry data to accurately diagnose customers’ key issues, and select/recommend account management strategies based on this analysis. Access and utilize available resources to build knowledge and drive business results. Identify, test, measure, codify and share key learnings. Demonstrate essential traits such as professionalism, the ability to build trusting relationships, the ability to communicate in a compelling manner, and active learning Company Overview For over 25 years, Lilly has been committed to helping people suffering from migraine, investigating more than a dozen different compounds for the treatment of migraine and disabling headache disorders. These research programs have accelerated understanding of this disease and advanced the development of Lilly's comprehensive late-stage development programs studying the launch of a Migraine portfolio for prevention of migraine and cluster headache, and for the acute treatment of migraine. Our goal is to make life better for people with migraine by offering comprehensive solutions to prevent or stop this disabling disease. The combined clinical, academic and professional experience of our experts helps us to build our research portfolio, identify challenges for healthcare providers and pinpoint the needs of people living with migraine and cluster headache. In addition to migraine, Lilly is hopeful for future neuroscience innovations, including the areas of pain management and neurodegenerative disorders such as Alzheimer’s disease. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree Professional certification or license required to perform this position if required by state Completion of Pre-Employment Screen (PES) (Does not apply to internal candidates) Valid driver’s license and acceptable driving record Qualified candidates must be legally authorized to be employed in the United States. Lilly does not anticipate providing sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B or TN status) for this employment position Additional Information Overnight travel required (~50-75%) This position supports specific systems and migraine accounts within a specific geography. Candidates should be located in the territory and preferably within 30 miles of at least 1 major system in the geography. Lilly is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status Additional Skills/Preferences Experience selling to priority thought leaders Experience in strategic account-based selling Experience engaging with population-based decision-makers Experience in navigating protocols and EHR-related initiatives Proven track record of exceeding sales expectations with minimum five years experience in neurosciences and/or biologics Product launch experience, particularly in a new therapeutic class Experience or thorough understanding of specialty pharmacy distribution model Proven ability to personalize the customer approach-IQ/EQ balance Adapt quickly to a changing marketplace and should be flexible to learning new products and disease states over time Patient centric mindset Strong business analytical skills (business/ financial acumen) Strong verbal and written communication skills Demonstrated ability to manage complexity while making the product experience simple for the customer Region North America Country USA City Boston Workplace Arrangement Sales Job Expires 27-Nov-2018