Role Summary: About Us: Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE: BHGE) is the world’s first and only fullstream provider of integrated oilfield products, services, and digital solutions. Drawing on a storied heritage of invention, BHGE harnesses the passion and experience of its people to enhance productivity across the oil and gas value chain. BHGE helps its customers acquire, transport, and refine hydrocarbons more efficiently, productively, and safely, with a smaller environmental footprint and at a lower cost per barrel. Backed by the digital industrial strength of GE, the company deploys minds, machines, and the cloud to break down silos and reduce waste and risk, applying breakthroughs from other industries to advance its own. With operations in over 120 countries, the company’s global scale, local know- how, and commitment to service infuse over a century of experience with the spirit of a start-up – inventing smarter ways to bring energy to the world. Follow Baker Hughes, a GE company on Twitter @BHGECo, or visit us at BHGE.com. Role Summary: Baker Hughes, a GE company has an opening for an Analyst on its Strategic Growth Opportunities Team based in Houston, TX. The Strategic Growth Opportunities Team identifies, develops, and incubates strategic growth programs. As a program matures, the team will either facilitate its operationalization by transitioning it to the appropriate part of the business or will directly lead operationalization. Strategic growth programs may be enterprise-wide and therefore not easily undertaken by a business unit on its own. In other cases, programs may be specific to a particular part of the company. Programs emanate from a variety of sources including senior leadership, product companies, regions, the strategic planning process, or BHGE’s Board of Directors. They may also arise from ad hoc market developments. The Strategic Growth Opportunities Team Analyst provides support, as further detailed below, to the Executive, Strategic Growth Opportunities Team and to the Operational Execution Leaders of specific strategic growth programs. Depending on the individual’s interests, aptitudes, and experience, s/he may later develop into a leader of strategic growth programs. Essential Responsibilities: Perform research and analysis related to strategic programs, including but not limited to: Gathering, cleaning, analyzing, and synthesizing external and internal data (e.g. market, competitor, financial, operational) Doing qualitative desk research Conducting interviews with internal and external stakeholders and subject matter experts Prepare presentations framing key issues and summarizing results of research and analysis Perform project management tasks such as developing and updating work plans and dashboards Qualifications/Requirements: Education: Bachelor's Degree or equivalent required (specialization in Economics, Business, Finance, or Engineering preferred); Master of Business Administration or related field strongly preferred Work Experience – Length: 8+ years’ experience in related field Work Experience – Functional: as many of the following as possible: operations, strategy (development, planning, initiative execution), corporate development, financial planning and analysis, commercial development, product management, market intelligence. Experience developing and implementing strategic initiatives strongly preferred Work Experience – Company Type: strategic management consulting firm, investment bank, private equity firm, and/or corporate Work Experience – Industry: oil and gas (operator, oilfield service and equipment provider, midstream, downstream) Work Experience – Geography: familiarity with foreign markets, business environments, languages, and cultures through education and/or work experience outside U.S. Skills – Analytics and Problem Solving: must be able to think conceptually, strategically, and creatively with little oversight or direction (i.e. display thought leadership vs. simply “do” or execute something that was developed or directed by someone else), intellectually curious, open to new ideas, hypothesis-driven, and fact-based; very comfortable working with ambiguity (e.g. imperfect data, loosely defined concepts, ideas, or goals) and translating these into tangible outputs; able to perform quantitative analysis of large data sets using appropriate analytical tools (e.g. statistical and econometric methods, market size estimation, discounted cash flow modeling, scenario analysis, forecasting, etc.); able to distill complex ideas and approaches to their essence and present them in a simplified, yet compelling manner; methodical, hands-on, resourceful, and detail-oriented approach to problem solving; able to identify all relevant issues in a problem; able to develop a structured and logical framework for analyzing a problem from beginning to end; able to translate this framework into viable analytical approaches; able to interpret analysis to derive insight, draw conclusions, and formulate actionable recommendations Skills – Communication: excellent written and oral English communication skills, including: ability to independently structure and develop PowerPoint presentations and other business documents for executive audiences, excellent interviewing and presentation skills appropriate for both small and large group settings and with audiences at all levels of seniority, good listener Skills – Team and Project Management: collaborative; team player with all levels of the organization; strong team and project management skills to develop implementation plans and help drive execution where appropriate; able to identify project risks and proactively work to mitigate them Skills – Change Management: adept at understanding BHGE culture, organization, and financial constraints and working within these to articulate the case for change as appropriate Skills – Relationship-Building and Interpersonal Skills: able to build strong working relationships with internal and external stakeholders, partners, and colleagues; good executive presence Skills – Computing: proficient with Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Word); proficient with data management; must be able to build and logically structure content in a dataset to run queries and analysis; proficient with econometrics/ statistical software packages (e.g. STATA, SAS, SPSS, Mathematica, Matlab, etc.); proficient with visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, Spotfire); ability to write code for above or other programs (e.g. R) Desired Characteristics: Emotional intelligence: able to ‘read’ an audience / situation and identify both the stated and unstated concerns and considerations Leadership and initiative: inspires confidence and trust among a diverse group of individuals; personable and likeable – able to connect with a broad spectrum of individuals; able to define goals for own work and lead their accomplishment; takes initiative to suggest and implement ongoing improvements in own and others’ work as appropriate; anticipates issues and proactively works to address them Motivation and commitment: self-starter; motivated by desire to have an impact; highly committed to exceeding expectations and continuous improvement; high energy level; strong personal work ethic Flexibility: willing and able to take on various types of work; good fit with BHGE culture – culture aspiration, culture pillars, and core behaviors; ability to adapt to different management, communication, and delivery styles as needed for different situations Personal resilience: willing and able to defend well-founded positions, even if they are counter to conventional wisdom; willing and able to take measured risks; thrives / succeeds in fast-paced, dynamic business environment Reliability Integrity and ethics Judgment Locations: Houston, TX 77040 Baker Hughes, a GE company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Learn more Locations: United States; Texas; HOUSTON GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening.