Location: Chicago, IL Avionos is the digital services and solutions firm that delivers innovative connected customer experiences. Pioneering some of the leading cloud technologies in content, commerce and CRM, Avionos delivers business outcomes and digital experiences for global clients using a Rapid Innovation approach. By rethinking the customer experience, Avionos has helped brands like Kellogg’s, US Cellular, Sysco Foods and FleetPride make a positive impact on brand and revenue growth. Employer Value Proposition: Our employer value proposition sits at the core of our foundation. We know talent drives our success and our employees are the cornerstone for growth. We encompass the multi-faceted elements of employment to create a transformational career experience that allows you to: Take ownership of your career path now Impact an organization and market Be recognized for your contributions Embark on a path to leadership Develop as an employee and a human being Our vocation is to build a great company and change a market. Our philosophy for our employees is simple, be challenged on a daily basis and love the work you do. We foster a culture infused with innovation, collaboration, and community. You Will: As a Technical Architect, you work closely with fellow team members to rapidly build and deploy innovative digital solutions using Salesforce as well as the latest Web technologies. You will heavily be involved in the define, design and build phases of the project life cycle; from roadmap to implementation. With a focus on client satisfaction and service, you will demonstrate a keen interest in solving business problems and implementing a well architected, scalable, and extensible solution that delivers on that promise of customer satisfaction. Job Responsibilities: Assessment of business needs; the ability to achieve those needs with existing systems and organizational structure Analysis of current system capabilities and business processes, focusing on pain points and areas for improvement Recommendations on changes needed to address future needs for a business process and systems perspective Work with a wide variety of vendors and change agents to deliver the most appropriate solution to clients Deliver rich interactive sites Projects include back-end integration, business process design and organizational change management Prepare and lead technical interview sessions with customer Consult on business and functional capabilities, and feasibility/level of effort for customizations Collaborate with PM to develop estimates for future project phases and assemble project plans Lead the technical aspects through the design of the solution Review technical, functional, and front-end designs Travel: 25% travel flexibility – more or less depending on project; candidate should be comfortable with travel and overtime as client commitment requires. First Name Last Name Email Position of Interest: Phone Cover Letter: Resume: