Job Description Turner & Townsend seeks an IT Technical Support Consultant to provide an IT technical support role from the San Francisco office for the North America region, and to assist members of the global IT team in the delivery of IT services across the business. Job Objectives Day to day support of the North American offices IT and Telecoms environment; coupled with the support of ALL IT servers and systems to ensure working effectively across the global business with an extra emphasis on staff working remotely on client sites. Working within a small globally distributed IT team providing all levels of IT help-desk support, which range from user admin tasks such as setting up new users, password resets, through to setting up and installing IT equipment at new office locations across the business. To support and monitor the existing infrastructure and perform preventative maintenance work. To assist with various projects and upgrades to meet Turner & Townsend’s goals. Assist in office moves and changes with respect to the installation and changes to the IT and Voice infrastructures and all associated peripherals. Call logging & management of the IT Service Request Database including regular liaison with IT hardware maintenance providers. Participate in the Change Management processes, which includes management of entire lifecycle – from planning, impact analysis to remedial actions. Monitor daily backups, manage asset database and control software register. Liaise with the Business, build positive working relationships with the business and assist with submissions. Duties will vary and be revised due to the nature of the IT Support environment (the above is a guide and not a comprehensive list of responsibilities). All round IT support specialist with at least three years’ experience of hands-on, remote and telephone support. Experience of Server administration to include Windows Server 2008/12, Remote Desktop Services and Active Directory in a corporate environment over several implementations. Hands-on experience of LAN, WAN and VPN, troubleshooting and support on several implementations. Experience of support of core IT applications such as email, anti-virus, systems management, user provision and patch management. Previous experience of working in an IT project environment, with active involvement within a managed project. Proven track record of working in a support environment supporting multiple users across multiple locations. Administering Microsoft Exchange & Outlook 2013. Supporting and troubleshooting Symantec and Altiris products. Supporting and troubleshooting Anti-virus, Veritas BackupExec. Awareness of Lotus Notes v. 7/8 and Domino Admin v. 7/8 experience an advantage. Ability to support a wide range of desktop applications (e.g. MS Office 2013/16, Project, Visio, Skype for Business etc.). Experience of imaging PCs using Altiris. Basic understanding of managing hardware and software assets and control software register -full training will be given. Skills Required Excellent knowledge of networking and PC support, Server Administration (Windows 2008/2012 server & Active Directory), MS Windows 7/10, MS Office 2013, Microsoft Exchange 2013 & Outlook 2013. Core Behavioral Skills: Confident individual with the good interpersonal skills, able to deal with people at all levels and communicate to users in a clear, non-technical language. Team-player. Analytically minded, able to break down and understand information. Must be comfortable with working in a fast-moving, dynamic environment. Strongly customer-focused, used to providing support to demanding users. Good organisational skills, used to managing and prioritising own workload. Ability to report on progress, timescales, outstanding and completed activities.