Empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. That’s what inspires us, drives our work and pushes us to challenge the status quo every day. At Microsoft, we also work to empower our employees, so they can achieve more. We believe we should each find meaning in our work and we ensure employees have the freedom and the reach to help make a difference in the world. Microsoft Research provides a dynamic environment for research careers with a network of world-class research labs led by globally-recognized scientists and engineers. Our researchers and engineers pursue innovation in a range of scientific and technical disciplines, to help solve complex challenges in diverse fields, including computing, healthcare, economics, and the environment. Microsoft Research has been studying quantum computing for several years and has become the world's center of expertise on topological quantum computing. The research effort includes a staff of theoretical physicists and experimental teams around the world. The Redmond team is building a controls system for quantum computing that is based on a classical computer architecture. The overall system is being developed by a multi-disciplinary team that includes software and hardware architects. The control system is a general-purpose computing platform that can perform complex, high performance computing functions. Responsibilities Interns put inquiry and theory into practice. Alongside fellow doctoral candidates and some of the world’s best researchers, interns learn, collaborate, and network for life. Interns not only advance their own careers, but they also contribute to exciting research and development strides. During the 12-week internship, students are paired with mentors and expected to collaborate with other interns and researchers, present findings, and contribute to the vibrant life of the community. Research internships are available in all areas of research, and are offered year-round, though they typically begin in the summer. This position will include design and test responsibilities. The candidate will work closely with test engineers in both the test lab and the cryogenics lab to collect and analyze data. Design experiments will also be explored to help inform design methodologies, tool support, and fabrication guidance. Results and findings will be presented by the intern in presentations to be given in the middle and end of the term. Qualifications Required Qualifications Must be currently enrolled in a PhD program in Computer Science or a related STEM field. Must have at least 1 year of experience with deep learning for visual object classification. Preferred Qualifications Demonstrated ability to develop original research agendas. Must be able to collaborate effectively with other researchers and product development teams. Excellent interpersonal skills, cross-group and cross-culture collaboration. Ability to think unconventionally to derive creative and innovative solutions. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.