Performs moderately complex (journey-level) computer systems analysis work. Work involves analyzing user requirements, procedures, and problems to automate processing or to improve existing systems. May train others. Works under general supervision, with limited latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Essential Job Functions: Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policies and performs other duties as assigned. Work outside of regular hours may be required. Travel to other work locations may be required. Analyzes and tests new or existing procedures, information systems, or utility programs for efficiency and effectiveness. Designs, modifies, and implements new or revised systems to serve new purposes or improve work flow. Details input and output record formats for computer programs, designs forms, and writes instructions for the use of forms.Develops documentation to include narrative, charts, diagrams, tables, and flowcharts. Determines operational, technical, and support requirements for the location, installation, operation, and maintenance of office equipment and computer and data systems. Develops programs and applications using object-oriented programming languages, client- server application development processes, multimedia, and Internet technology. Provides technical assistance and support for troubleshooting applications and hardware problems. Provides field coordination and planning for the effective use of computer and management information systems. Assists in formulating logical descriptions of problems and devising optimum solutions. Assists with defining the goals of the system and devises flow charts and diagrams describing logical and operational steps of programs. May determine computer software or hardware needs required to set up or alter systems. May analyze, evaluate, and make recommendations concerning existing information technology and systems processes and the development of new procedures, standards, tools, and techniques. May assist in information systems security administration. May assist with the analysis and evaluation of existing information technology systems processes associated with software technology planning, development, implementation, system security, and interfaces. May train others. Performs related work as assigned. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Knowledge of the limitations and capabilities of computer systems, of the techniques used in the design of non-automated systems, of information technology equipment, of applicable programming languages, of computer hardware and software, of computer operating systems and automated mapping. Skill in solving problems; in scheduling, testing, installing, and implementing programs; and in troubleshooting computer systems. Ability to analyze systems and procedures, to write and revise standards and procedures, to handle multiple projects, to communicate effectively, and to train others. Registration or Licensure Requirements: none. Initial Selection Criteria: Experience in systems analysis and design work. Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in computer science, computer information systems, management information systems, or a related field is generally preferred. Four years of experience in the IT field. Education and experience may be substituted for one another. 2 years of experience with Microsoft office products such as Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, etc. Additional Information: req389218 MOS Code: Note: Military occupation (s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include, but not limited to: 25B, IT,275,0171,3D0X2. All active duty, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor's Military Crosswalk at https://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.