About Essence Essence, part of GroupM, is a global data and measurement-driven agency that blends data science, objective media and captivating experiences to build valuable connections between brands and consumers. Clients include Google, FrieslandCampina, and the Financial Times. The agency is more than 1,100 people strong, manages over $3.2B in media spend and deploys campaigns in 71 markets via its global offices throughout North America, EMEA and APAC. Visit essenceglobal.com ( essenceglobal.com ) for more information and follow us on Twitter at @essenceglobal About the role As our Rollout Coordinator, you'll manage the full "rollout" of new features and functionality for the proprietary ad tech that drives our agency. Your main focus will be on Olive, our Campaign Management Platform. This platform gives our media teams the ability to fully create and manage the amazing campaigns that connect our clients to the world. Thanks to you, our media teams will always know how to get the most out of this amazing technology! Some of the thing's we'd like you to do: Rollout Management and Training Own and drive the release of our key product Olive globally Collaborate with our development and product team to fully own the rollout process and communicate it Work with team leads and product managers to prepare rollout plans Collaborate with teams to determine optimal software configurations for users Document best practice and individual client configurations Offer subject matter expertise and collaborate with our internal talent team to help them create training materials Work with our product team to ensure Olive is functioning as designed Work with our media teams to demo Olive and ensure that internal users are using Olive correctly and identify any issues relating to adoption or usability Create templates for client facing campaign performance reports Work with our data warehouse and reporting teams to ensure accurate data is available within our reporting dashboards Support our Product and UX team Create scripts for User Acceptance Testing Facilitate user demos for feedback on product Assist in the creation and review of user journeys with our UX designer Provide feedback to UX designer for the early detection of blockers Work with product managers to prepare updates for key stakeholders Work towards successful releases Perform post release tests on platform to ensure the rollout of each release is successful and bug free Work with lead developers to ensure a timely release schedule Work with our reporting, data warehousing and media teams to ensure that our media teams are entering meta data correctly in Olive and that reports are accurate and consistent Work with our client facing teams to advise on metrics to report on and deliver campaign performance insights to clients A bit about yourself: At least one (1) year of experience focusing on technical project coordination / management Solid communication and presentation skills = passion for helping people to get the most out of technology Solid organizational and time management skills Interest in digital advertising - prior experience a BIG plus! What you can expect from Essence Essence’s mission is to make advertising more valuable to the world. We do this by employing the world’s very best talent to solve some of the toughest challenges of today’s digital marketing landscape. It’s important that we hire people whose values reflect those of our own: genuine, results-focused, daring and insightful. As an Essence employee, we promise you a workplace that invests in your career, cares for you and is fun and engaging. We believe these factors create a workplace where you can be yourself and do amazing work.