Our team inspires leading companies, schools, and government agencies to work smarter with Google tools like G Suite, Search, and Chrome. You reach out proactively to show customers how Google Cloud solutions can help them become more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You'll maintain relationships with clients and work cross-functionally to devise solutions and support for Google's clients. As part of an entrepreneurial team, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes that use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners. As the Inside Sales and Customer Growth Manager, you will help drive the strategy and execution of the organization’s business plan. Leading the Inside Sales team, you'll drive growth and customer acquisition for the Google Cloud business. You will be responsible for inside sales, account management and developing business growth opportunities. You'll also manage existing resellers, recruit new ones and help them to build their business and go-to- market strategies. In addition, you will work cross-functionally to ensure alignment and an integrated go-to-market with other sales organizations, Marketing and Operations. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Hire, coach and guide teams to work towards strategic goals while prioritizing an outstanding customer experience to customers and prospects. Contribute to territory strategy by identifying, generating and developing business growth opportunities. Work with Field Sales Managers, Customer Engineer Managers and Google Partners to maximize business goals and cultivate opportunities. Drive business development, forecast accurately and achieve strategic goals by having your team lead customers through the sales cycle, from demand creation to opportunity closing. Lead your team to run demand generation and campaigns from conception, planning, execution and launch to post-launch analysis to help deliver on broader territory plan. Establish and maintain productive cross-functional relationships with regional peers and the Sales Operations, Product Management, and Product Marketing teams. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of sales/relationship management experience in the technology industry with SaaS/PaaS/IaaS (Software-as-a-Service/Platform-as-a-Service/Infrastructure-as-a-Service) products and platforms. 2 years of experience in team management or leadership. Preferred qualifications: 8 years of experience managing or leading a team in a sales, marketing or operations environment. Demonstrated organizational and project management capabilities with the ability to manage multiple tasks with shifting priorities and varying deadlines. Demonstrated leadership capabilities and excellent interpersonal skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.