Purpose of Job We are currently seeking talented Data Scientist Senior for our Phoenix, AZ facility. Uses advanced techniques that integrate traditional and non-traditional datasets to enable analytical solutions; Applies predictive analytics, machine learning, simulation, and optimization techniques to generate management insights and enable customer-facing applications; Builds analytical solutions leveraging internal and external applications to deliver value and create competitive advantage; Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees. Job Requirements Partners with business leaders across the organization to define business problems and research questions; Serves as key resource and Subject Matter Expert (SME) on cross functional, matrixed teams to solve highly complex work critical to the organization. Builds large and complex information sets; Integrates and extracts relevant information from large amounts of both structured and unstructured data (internal and external) to enable analytical solutions. Conducts advanced analytics leveraging predictive modeling, machine learning, simulation, optimization and other techniques to deliver insights or develop analytical solutions to achieve business objectives. Serves as key resource and Subject Matter Expert (SME) on efforts to develop scalable, efficient, automated solutions for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation. Works with IT to translate prototypes into new products, services, and features. Builds and maintains a robust library of reusable algorithms and supporting code such that research efforts are based on the highest quality data, are transparently conducted, are able to be productionized and are reproducible. Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees to enable understanding and drive informed business decisions. Maintains academic and industry relationships for the purposes of research; Maintains expertise and awareness of cutting edge techniques, technologies and potential business solutions. Minimum Requirements Master's degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Statistics, or related field (6 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree) 6 or more Years in predictive modeling, large data analysis and computer science Experience in stochastic modeling, machine learning, and other advanced mathematical techniques (e.g., neural nets, simulation, graph analysis) Solid experience in at least one compiled language (e.g., Java, C or more or more) and one dynamic scripting language (Python, PERL, Ruby) Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level. When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses. Preferred Experience wrangling with messy data at scale using libraries like Pandas or technologies like Scala / PySpark to structure and clean datasets. 3+ years industry (excluding research) experience in data science & model development Conduct business in compliance with regulatory guidance. Adhere to applicable compliance/operational/model risk controls and other second line of defense and regulatory standards, policies and procedures. Strong proficiency in and experience writing production-level code in SPSS, R and/or Python. Strong desire to gain extensive knowledge of experience delivery (Auto Experience, IT Availability, Personalization), model architecture, and fields of data science (NLP, ML) and their applications. The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job. At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals. USAA also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers. Relocation assistance is not available for this position.