Description: Do you want to grow your career and be part of a team solving critical challenges that affect the world? Leidos Civil is leading the way in solving internationally pressing issues, including: _Aviation –_ Guiding the world’s air traffic, managing 43,000+ flights for 2.5 million passengers per day _Logistics & infrastructure support_ – Operating infrastructure for large-scale nuclear cleanup efforts _Cybersecurity_ – Monitoring advanced threats; managing security services and utility command and control centers _Facility management & operations_ – Operating the world’s longest supply chain to Antarctica _Energy engineering_ – Restoring power during hurricane efforts; helping communities achieve significant energy savings _Environmental management_ – Delivering innovative environmental solutions and wildlife conservation plans _IT infrastructure modernization_ – Helping 2+ million citizens recover from identity theft; maintaining global biometrics systems _Transportation security solutions_ – Securing U.S. borders with 1200+ radiation and explosive monitors; designing vehicle solutions that save lives, reduce congestion, and boost fuel efficiency If you desire to be an integral part of a dynamic team of science and technology leaders, then Leidos Civil is the place for you! Protect yourself and your family, with the benefits of working for a world- class employer. When you join Leidos, you join a Fortune 500 company and one of Ethisphere Institute’s “World's Most Ethical Companies” Leidos...Practical Answers for a Complicated World Leidos is seeking a System Administrator, to support the US Army Corps of Engineers ACE-IT Program. The incumbent will provide systems administrative and technical support to the program's EMS (emergency management system) to include but not limited to: Serve as Primary POC for local server, network and telecom repair of district infrastructure components Manage and monitor local server infrastructure to ensure consistent operation Coordinate local response to IAVA vulnerability remediation Ensure priority adjustment and supporting emergency situations are covered for all services and requirements Escalate local issues to the Leidos Division Manager Coordinate Level 3 support to the district technical personnel Primary escalation POC for after hours and VIP level support requests Responsible for monitoring local Service Delivery ticket queues so that aging tickets are given appropriate follow-up attention OTHER DUTIES MAY INCLUDE: Mainframe, network, and work group server monitoring and management Coordinate and work with network administrators to ensure smooth operation Set up of administrator and service accounts Maintenance of system documentation Tune system performance Install system wide software and allocate mass storage space Evaluate vendor products and make recommendations for procurement of software and hardware Have oversight of installation and backup recovery Manage computing resource use policy development and standards for allocation Ensure data network availability LeadGen LeadGenSA Qualifications: QUALIFICATIONS: High School Diploma or equivalent 2-4 years’ experience Current DoD 8570 Certification, IAT Level II (Comptia Security +CE and 1 qualifying Computing Environment certification (For example, Microsoft MCP certified, Comptia A+) Interim Secret Clearance Strong analytical and follow through skills. Strong verbal and written communications skills. Ability to coordinate and get cooperation from multiple areas within IT to accomplish assignments. Ability to work well independently on defined tasks. Ability to work well as part of a team. Windows Server 2012; Active Directory Networking Technologies (DNS, DHCP, WINS) Cisco Telephony /Router Solutions. VMware DESIRED: Experience maintaining Lexmark, HP, or Ricoh printer devices (i.e. installing maintenance kits). Prior USACE/ACE-IT experience. Experience working in a DoD environment. Leidos Overview: Leidos is a global science and technology solutions leader working to solve the world’s toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company’s 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported pro forma annual revenues of approximately $10 billion for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2016 after giving effect to the recently completed combination of Leidos with Lockheed Martin's Information Systems & Global Solutions business (IS&GS;). For more information, visit www.Leidos.com. The company’s diverse employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Qualified women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. Leidos will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment in accordance with relevant Laws. Leidos is an Equal Opportunity Employer.