Mission SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER Who We Are Founded and continuously led by inventor and entrepreneur Tony Aquila, Solera is a global leader in digital technologies that connect and secure life's most important assets: our cars, homes and identities. Since its inception in 2005 as a garage-based startup, Solera has grown aggressively with over 50 acquisitions across its platforms. The company's current product solutions include Audatex, Autodata, AutoPoint, CAP/HPI, Colimbra, Digidentity, Enservio, Explore Data, Hollander, Identifix, Inpart, LYNX and TitleTec, as well as the company's flagship Digital Garage application. Today, Solera processes over 300 million transactions annually for approximately 235,000 partners and customers in over 80 countries. Unified by a strong culture that values uncommon entrepreneurial thinking and continuous "do-it-different" innovation, Solera's global workforce of 6,700+ associates come from diverse forward-thinking industries that include automotive technology, artificial intelligence, software development, data sciences, cybersecurity, cognitive design, and digital identity protection. For more information, please visit solera.com. The Solera Way Solera’s uncommon culture is based on three simple principles: Think 80/20 (Focus), Act 30/30 (Efficiency), and Live 90/10 (Accountability). We define our mindset using Our 3H’s: Humility, a Hunger to succeed, and a desire to Hunt for opportunities to win. We train our volunteers to engage with each other modulating between their intellect (IQ) and emotional intelligence (EQ) using our 3Fs: Facts, Finesse, and Force. Solera has become a global technology leader that is constantly growing in the double digits. The principles, drills, and values associated with the Solera Way have been fundamental to Solera’s success and our ability to grow, continuously change, and innovate. Are You Uncommon? We’re on the hunt for an experienced Senior Software Engineer who ranks in the top quartile among their peers. Someone who has a highly competitive and entrepreneurial mindset that is wired with a team-first attitude, has no problem rolling up their sleeves to execute their missions, and can modulate between leading and following as needed. You will serve as the Senior Softare Engineer. Position 80s What You’ll Be Doing At Solera, we believe in providing clarity and focus to what our volunteers are responsible for – their mission. The 80’s, as we call them at Solera, are the employee’s priorities associated with their role or mission. The mission 80’s for this role, are: Actively participate in the design, development and implementation of new and existing systems and features while delivering high quality solution on time and within budget. Have a strong background in developing both web based and client server solutions Collaborate with development teams Additional responsibilities of the role include: Perform system analysis, design, development and implementation of enterprise software and scalable solutions in a high transaction environment that use either client server or web technologies. Work collaboratively with Business Analysts, Development Managers, Architecture, QA and other Software Developers in producing quality software products utilizing best practice methodology and technology. Participate in design decisions, tool selection and process improvement for developing software. Collaborate with different development teams geographically distributed as needed. Qualifications Are You Qualified? Minimum ten (10) years experience in Microsoft technologies including VB 6.0, VB.Net,ASP.Net, and C.Net 5 years of professional experience in database design and development, preferably MS SQL. 5 years of professional experience of complementary technologies used for developing applications including JavaScript, JSON, JQuery, AJAX, and XML. Proficiency with frameworks such as Angular JS, Bootstrap JS, and Node.JS is a strong plus. 5 years professional experience using service oriented architectures including REST services, web services, design patterns such as MVVM and MVC3, and windows frameworks such as WPF, WCF, and WWF. 5 plus years developing external facing web sites used in ecommerce. 5 plus years working with client-server solutions. Strong working knowledge of Scrum and Agile methodology. Requires practical understanding of continuous integration (CI) process and best practices. Ability to effectively communicate with others at all levels of the company both verbally and in writing. Ability to accurately establish the length and difficulty of tasks and projects and set reasonable objectives, anticipate and adjust for problems/roadblocks and measure results against goals. Ability to perform and orchestrate multiple activities simultaneously. Ability to perform special assignments as requested. Ability to coordinate the software development life cycle processes with cost perspective. Our Space We believe that offices should be destinations where people want to be… places where people want to work, play and, collaborate. That is why we spend a lot of time on enhancing our workspaces. Solera’s work environments are intersections of the old and the new… of the past, present, and future. They are spaces designed to stimulate creative thinking, innovation, and cross- functional collaboration. We also embrace wellness. Whether it is our onsite or offsite workout centers, nutritional meals and beverages, or endless snacks for focus and energy. This wellness plan is our commitment to healthy living, which spans across our office environments.