Requisition ID: 178060 Work Area: Customer Service and Support Expected Travel: 0 - 40% Career Status: Professional Employment Type: Regular Full Time COMPANY DESCRIPTION As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. Purpose and Objectives: SAP solutions are the backbone of the most successfully run businesses worldwide: today more than 50% of the world’s business transitions touch an SAP system. Altogether, they offer a universe of lucrative employment opportunities with increasing demand year after year. Knowing how to develop, market, consult or install SAP allows you to make a huge impact into the way companies do business – increasing efficiency, innovating new business models and creating value. Successful candidates will develop the skills to create, manage and execute a plan that supports an SAP solution with a high degree of customer satisfaction. As a SAP UI5 and Fiori Developer Consultant, you will be a member of our Solution Delivery Center (SDC) organization. The SDC is the integrated, remote delivery arm of SAP Consulting Services, with the strength of over 2000 team members. From our near shore and offshore centers, our global talent pool of consultants deliver software and services to our customers through both factory and traditional people based approaches. Our team drives value and continuous improvement for our customers through the use of operationally sound processes and basic quality system fundamentals. Providing our consultant’s training, certification, and skill expansion opportunities are key priorities our organization’s success and long-term employee career growth within the SDC. We are seeking to build a Minneapolis based near-shore center to expand our consulting delivery capabilities within the North American region. Our desire is to provide SAP’s customers access to the best global network of consultants with expertise in SAP’s latest technologies. Expectations and Tasks: Design and implement new solutions using SAP’s latest UI5 / Fiori Cloud and Platform technologies Consult with SAP customers and develop and deploy custom SAP Fiori applications using HANA Cloud Platform, Web IDE, and SAPUI5 Implement and deploy SAP Fiori applications, including custom extension development and configuration for user roles, catalogs, and groups. Support UX Discovery and Design Thinking workshops with customers. Understand the business context of client requirements, and recommend best practice solutions accordingly. Develop UI5 based prototypes on SAP HANA Cloud Platform, and carry out prototype testing Collaborate with a cross-functional and multi-location implementation team to ensure that work delivered meets client requirements and standards both functionally and technically. Ensure great test coverage for your code and support the team in completing root cause analysis, providing solutions for development issues, and avoiding any regressions. Help shape the quality focus of the team by assisting in establishing standards for documenting, testing and releasing code and then ensures those standards are met on an ongoing basis. Develop test plans and automated scripts to assure expected performance quality levels meet standards in development efforts. Consistent delivery of successful projects and positive customer outcomes Education and Experience: Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Systems Analysis, or related field or equivalent work experience. 2 to 5 years of work experience (SAP development tool set with HANA experience preferred) Job Qualifications: Excellent programming skills and good knowledge of data structures and algorithms Proficient in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, and Java Excellent interpersonal communication/collaboration skills Consultative mindset and customer centric approach Ability to manage multiple tasks, work in a team environment, understand and be responsive to project and customer needs Ability to perform assigned tasks independently and complete deliverables on-time Pro-active in learning and highly self-motivated. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Strong customer and quality focus Preferred Skills: Preference for SAP development tool set with HANA experience Preference for completion of SAP course or project work through academics Implementation knowledge of different types of Fiori applications Knowledge of SAP Fiori for iOS and Fiori Mobile ABAP and OData knowledge Experience delivering projects with Agile Methodology Prior experience involving client/customer interaction What you get from us: Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now. SAPDBS SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Additional Locations: