Search by requisition 28453 The University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) is accepting applications for the position of Assistant Director, Athletic Communications. This is a full- time, career position with a targeted salary of $50,000/year with full health benefits and membership in the UC Retirement Plan. Under the supervision of the Director of Athletic Communications, the Assistant Director, Athletic Communications shall develop and write, both in news and feature form, press releases about the coaches and athletes of Women’s Basketball Track and Field & Cross Country teams; disseminate this information to the media and to the public via UCLA Athletics website and social media in an effort to publicize various UCLA athletic teams. The Assistant Director, Athletic Communications will also compile notes and statistics for his/her assigned sports, write and design media guides, and act as liaison between the coaches and athletes of its assigned sports and members of the print and electronic media. Assistant Director, Athletic Communications will also staff home events and travel with team when deemed appropriate by the Director of Athletic Communications, reporting results of events to local and national media and to UCLA Athletics website and social media outlets. All applicants should demonstrate the following abilities: Knowledge of the Internet, including how to post and update material on the official UCLA Athletic Department website; typing skills to quickly and accurately prepare materials; skills in editing for spelling, punctuation and grammar; skill in interpersonal communications; skill in proofreading copy and printed materials; strong news judgement; knowledge of crisis communications; skill in creative writing and layout design; ability to encode html to website; skills in effective communication (written, phone, in person); skills in effective and organized research; ability to prioritize work assignments and media value; ability to make sound decisions under pressure; skill in taking NCAA statistics for sports; skill in dealing with radio/television networks at events; skill in and knowledge of social media tactics; ability to plan and execute specific PR campaigns; ability to plan and organize a press conference; ability to adhere to and comply with NCAA rules and regulations; skill in the photographic process; ability to speak in public; skill in operating a basic computer statistical system; knowledge of NCAA national championship event procedures and guidelines preferred; working knowledge of related computer programs, including InDesign, Photoshop, Powerpoint, Word and Outlook; and prior Sports Information experience at the university or college level is required. Expressions of interest must be received by August 17, 2018. All applicants must submit their cover letter, resume, references and complete the IAWP Non- Coaching Staff Member Review Form via the website link. Search by requisition 28453. Continued employment is contingent upon completion of satisfactory background investigation. UCLA is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer.