Job Description – Competitive Intelligence Analyst Lone Star’s Technical Professional – Competitive Intelligence Analyst is instrumental in company growth. This position reports to and assists the Director, Competitive Intelligence (CI) by analyzing the current competitors' situation and anticipating changes, evaluating novel opportunities related to new technology, providing up-to-date accurate competitive intelligence and reliable analysis, and making strategic inputs to assist top management decisions and reviews. CI Analyst interfaces with other Lone Star business lines and may function as a subject matter expert across Lone Star’s business lines. The position will support all Competition Solutions efforts by developing and providing accurate and timely intelligence on the competitive environment, analyzing key trends, competitor’s critical developments, pricing, and any other relevant data to support customer needs. The CI Analyst will work to develop Competitive Intelligence and market intelligence products to complement Competition Solutions offerings, or as independent offerings. Finally, the CI Analyst will leverage available information and help to deploy CI best practices throughout the company. This role requires the integration and coordination of content from various sources to produce deliverables for executive level stakeholders to enable decision making. The position requires the ability to fulfill these duties and responsibilities: Support Price to Win analysis in support of routine and strategic captures ranging in size and complexity from <$5M to >$500M. Collect and analyze strategic and tactical competitive intelligence from open source data Comply with the Economic Espionage Act of 1996 in all data collection activities Continually collect and analyze relevant market and industry data, competitive and customer information to identify actionable intelligence Help manage the centralized competitive intelligence system and database Help support data extraction engagements with Subject Matter Experts Develop strategy analysis and recommendations to maximize client probability of win Lead or assist strategic projects that include data analysis, competitor research, market developments and predictive analytics Utilize excellent leadership and communication skills, present findings to clients Minimum Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Business, Mathematics, Finance, Accounting or other related fields which require significant analytical coursework. At least 5 years of broad and varied experience that demonstrates a high level of business acumen, such as price to win, pricing analysis, working on competitive proposal teams, experience in a manufacturing environment, or assignments in business strategy, finance, or contracts. Strong leadership skills Ability to think strategically and translate analytic findings into actionable competitive insights Analytical skills, with the ability to see implications and provide consultative solutions and recommendations Creative problem solving skills. Ability to search and extract information from large databases and ability to analyze conflicting and incomplete data to reach analytically-based conclusions. Understand basic business and marketplace activities, behavioral norms and competitive pressures. Must be able to obtain a Department of Defense Security clearance. Must have exceptional communication and presentation skills. Other desirable experience: Proven ability to influence capture and program management to implement winning solutions. Master's Degree in a related field, preferably an MBA. Experience with the RFP/GOV capture process. Minimum of a SECRET security clearance. Expectations do not include: All of the desirable attributes within a single candidate Other Information: Lone Star’s normal requirements apply, in addition to these job specific attributes. This job is expected to span across level 3 - 4 position categories. Lone Star is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. See the company website for more information about Lone Star and how we hire.