New Relic Solutions Architect Seattle, Washington You are a problem solver, a designer, an educator and a customer champion. You thrive on helping your customers solve problems and ensuring their success. You are passionate about how software drives businesses and how SaaS has transformed the delivery and consumption of software. You deeply believe that business decisions should be made using quantitative measures. You are looking for your next challenge, a place where your unique talents will have a measurable impact on the company – and that’s where we come in! As a Solution Architect in the newly created Expert Services team you will use your technical expertise and business sense to ensure our high-value customers are able to grow their business by leveraging the full scope of New Relic’s product suite. As a problem solver, you will help frame business problems through the lens of New Relic’s analytics data; as a designer you will develop product extensions and integrations specific to the customer’s needs; as an educator you will deliver training and best practices; and as a champion you will swoop in to troubleshoot critical application performance problems. You are adept at ensuring customer adoption and upgrades, and have outstanding relationship building skills. S/he will have experience solving technical problems in real-time, and will be a trusted advisor. Are you ready to be part of this extraordinary story? To make a personal impact on a company that is changing the way the world uses software? The link to apply now is given below. Some of the things you’ll be doing: Managing customer delivery engagements and providing customer feedback into Product Management organization Consulting with business stakeholders to identify business challenges and aligning New Relic’s technology to provide insights into said challenges Designing content for customized workshops, trainings, webinars and best practices sessions with customers Assisting customers with automating large scale SaaS deployment Developing integrations/extensions for customers And that’s just the beginning… The right candidate will likely have: 7+ years of IT industry related experience, preferably with a professional IT services company or software provider Previous experience in application performance optimization, tuning, and/or triaging performance problems in Web and Mobile applications Firm understanding of OO concepts Strong grasp of Cloud based application deployment architectures Proficient at iOS and Android application development and architecture Development proficiency in at least 2 of the following Programming languages: (Java, .NET, PHP, Ruby, Python, nodeJS, Objective-C, Java-Dalvik) Strong open systems application and infrastructure knowledge Clear understanding of network and system management solutions Excellent communication, critical thinking, analytical, and presentation skills Strong Project Management and Risk Assessment skills Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field. Master's degree a plus. At New Relic, we hire people who are eager to contribute to our culture, and we empower them to do just that. We take pride in thinking beyond our day-to- day job descriptions, and encourage you to actively seek out opportunities to create the type of work environment that you want to be a part of. What does this look like in action? You should be ready to be a “culture add” to New Relic and spend ~5% of your time finding meaningful ways to make this an even better place to work. A little about us: New Relic provides the real-time insights that software-driven businesses need to innovate faster. New Relic’s cloud platform makes every aspect of modern software and infrastructure observable, so companies can find and fix problems faster, build high-performing DevOps teams, and speed up transformation projects. Learn why more than 50% of the Fortune 100 trust New Relic at newrelic.com. New Relic is a San Francisco Best Places to Work award winner, an Oregon “Top Workplace” award winner, named a leader in the Gartner’s 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 & 2016 “Magic Quadrant” for APM companies, a Top 100 OnDemand Company, Best of SaaS (THINKStrategies), Top 100 Coolest Cloud Computing (CRN); 10 Cloud Management Companies to Watch (NetworkWorld) – the list of accolades goes on. More important than all of that: we provide challenging work, opportunities to learn, high quality teammates, a standard-setting product, and a company on the move. New Relic is most decidedly an equal opportunity employer. We eagerly seek applicants of diverse background and hire without regard to race, color, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, physical abilities, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers’ means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic. LI-SH1