Overview Responsible for providing data modeling and source to target mapping for database development projects, design and user support for business intelligence implementation, design and ownership of the corporate data architecture and related standards, design and maintenance of reference and master data management initiatives, establishment of meta data management policies and procedures, including maintenance of data warehouse and source application data dictionaries, and development and enforcement of data management standards. Lead efforts on major corporate initiatives such as, Data Warehouse and Big Data implementations. At Fulton Financial Corporation, Data Management is moving to explore new technologies to better manage our data and provide a platform for deep analytics to the organization. This position will typically work on project teams to provide data modeling, data architecture and mapping of data elements from one system to another and will work closely with other members of the Data Architecture team to ensure that their solutions work within the context of the greater Data Management environment as well as providing their expertise to the team. Project work will also involve collaboration with Data Governance, Data Engineering, and Business Intelligence in the Chief Data Officer Team. Successful candidates will have exposure to the Hadoop and AWS environment. Office space available in East Petersburg, PA or Philadelphia, PA Responsibilities Essential Duties Senior Data Architects work on a broad range of projects as well as provide technical oversight for other members of a project team. Defining the corporate data architecture and related standards. Data integration architecture. Data warehouse and business intelligence architecture. Taxonomies and namespaces. Data modeling tools and standards. Metadata standards and requirements. Define the corporate data architecture and related standards for Data integration architecture, Data warehouse and business intelligence architecture. Taxonomies and namespaces. Data modeling tools and standards. Metadata standards and requirements. Work with Data Governance team to: Design and manage reference data and master data programs. Design and manage implementation of RDM and MDM solutions. Define and maintain match rules, data cleansing rules, hierarchies and affiliations, and Golden records. Manage changes to reference and master data by identifying sources and contributors and establishing processes for managed change. Establishing metadata management policies and procedures. Develop, maintain and enforce standards. Implement and maintain metadata tools. Manage metadata repositories. Create and manage widely accessible data dictionaries. Enforce policies and processes needed to improve and maintain the quality and ownership of data. Provide regular advice, direction and support to Data Analysts with hands on demonstrations of proper techniques and disciplines across all functions. Deliver these functions with leading industry practices with a thorough understanding of the full systems development lifecycle. Act as a role model for documentation, communication, scripting and adherence to established Information Technology governance standards and procedures. Qualifications Qualifications: Education Bachelor Degree or equivalent experience. Specialty: Relevant degree pertaining to the essential duties of this role. (Required) Bachelor's Degree (Preferred). Experience 4 or more years Quantitative analysis and reporting of customer or product data. (Preferred) 5 or more years Data modeling or architecture, Processes and Controls for development and for operations. Reporting support. Documentation. Control designs for processing integrity. Data Sourcing and Content analysis. Subject area expertise in Retail Banking, Retail Lending, Commercial Banking or Commercial Lending. Subject area expertise in anti-money laundering compliance, adverse business events, regulatory compliance, litigation, valuation. (Required) 5 or more years Skills or implementing and or using: Data modeling software, such as ERWin or ER Studio Implementation and administration of BI Software, such as Business Objects or Crystal Reports or Brio or Hyperion, including semantic layer management SQL Server and Oracle including SQL queries and stored procedures Data cleansing software, such as Trillium MDM software Data Visualization tools, such as Qlikview or Tableau Analytical tools, such as SAS. Solid communication skills and proficiency with Excel, Word and PowerPoint. (Required) 3 or more years Exposure to or training in big data technologies such as the Hadoop ecosystem. (Preferred) Certifications DAMA Certified Data Management Professional or TWDI Certified Business Intelligence Professional. (Preferred) DAMA Data Management Body of Knowledge. (Preferred) EEO Statement Fulton Financial Corporation (“Fulton”) is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all qualified persons. Fulton will recruit, hire, train and promote persons in all job titles, and ensure that all other personnel actions are administered, without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, gender, gender identity, age, genetic information, marital status, disability, covered veteran status, or any other legally protected status.