Company Overview At Cantel, preventing infection is our business. We are dedicated to delivering high-quality, innovative solutions that help our customers improve patient care. Choosing a career with Cantel means joining a company that’s driven by an entrepreneurial spirit and the passion to shape the future of infection prevention. If you want to be inspired by your work and have a hand in shaping the future of infection prevention, we want to meet you. Come and see why people love working here. Cantel is a leading global company dedicated to delivering innovative infection prevention products and services for patients, caregivers, and other healthcare providers which improve outcomes, enhance safety and help save lives. Our products include specialized medical device reprocessing systems for endoscopy and renal dialysis, advanced water purification equipment, sterilants, disinfectants and cleaners, sterility assurance monitoring products for hospitals and dental clinics, disposable infection control products primarily for dental and GI endoscopy markets, dialysate concentrates, hollow fiber membrane filtration and separation products. Additionally, we provide technical service for our products. Cantel medical is a leading provider of infection prevention products and services in the healthcare market, specializing in the following operating units: ENDOSCOPY Endoscopy procedure disposables include single-use valves and irrigation tubing. Medical device reprocessing systems, disinfectants, detergents and other supplies are used to disinfect high-level endoscopes. This segment is operated through MEDIVATORS. WATER PURIFICATION AND FILTRATION Water purification systems for dialysis facilities, including hemodialysis dialyzer and reprocessing systems, as well as sterilants and filtration products. This segment is operated through Mar Cor Purification, Inc. and MEDIVATORS. HEALTHCARE DISPOSABLES Single-use, infection prevention products used primarily in the dental market including face masks, sterilization pouches, towels and bibs, tray covers, saliva ejectors, germicidal wipes, plastic cups and disinfectants. This segment is operated through Crosstex International, Inc. Job Overview An Analyst II of Warehouse Operations is a key position within Supply Chain, with the responsibility within the Warehousing Operations and Distribution across Cantel. The role has responsibility for creating, releasing and maintaining the standardization of related business and quality operating procedures and policies, developing and maintaining a portfolio of key performance indicator metrics, and engaging in all aspects of Warehouse Operations to assist in the identification of improvements and best practices to assure documented procedures remain current. This role is required to assure best practices are documented appropriately, maintained, and performance is tracked to balance service, cost and capability and to ensure sustained high performance levels. The role works collaboratively with key business partners to ensure effective practices are implemented and clearly documented. Interacting with Finance, Planning, and Operations to identify and meet business requirements. The role also works closely with other Cantel Global partners to ensure end-to-end supply chain execution and consistency in approach. Main Responsibilities Develop, implement and maintain standard operating procedures and work instructions that appropriately capture warehouse operations strategies, practices, processes, and policies Own tactical change order process for all aspects of Warehouse Operations Identify and leverage current procedures and policies for further improvement and alignment to one standard across Cantel Medical Make recommendations based on continual gap analysis of procedural controls and work with appropriate areas to close identified gaps Develop, Administer, Consolidate and Present or Post appropriate metrics and key performance indicators related to Warehouse Operations including Distribution, Logistics, Shipping, Receiving, Material Handling, Cycle Counting, Related Quality, Safety, and others as assigned Analyze metric trending and provide recommendations on course of action to management for prioritization Identify waste within practices using TIMWOOD and Six-Sigma methodologies Assist in root cause analysis for problem reconciliation and involve all stakeholders in process. Support merger and acquisition (M&A;) integration and post M&A; value creation by assisting to evaluate and align physical execution strategies to best practices as appropriate Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience required 2 years related experience in a regulated field required; minimum 5 years of data mining, analytical and reporting preferred Experience using setting up and administering WMS, SAP, TMS and other automation software and programs Proficient using Microsoft office suite, MRP, and other automation software and programs. SAP S/4 Hana preferred Experience with financial, logistical, and shop floor performance analysis with strong business acumen Healthcare, medical device or other manufacturing in a regulated environment experience Results driven, innovative, creative and action-oriented; able to align and energize teams behind common objectives in a non-reporting structure Demonstrate critical thinking and decision making skills and have the ability to solve complex problems and think innovatively in creating results for the company May require 10% travel CB Minimum Qualifications Cantel Medical company is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Employer. Women, minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities as well as other qualified individuals are encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin or other protected class status.