Senior Finance Business Intelligence Analyst ServiceNow is changing the way people work. With a service-orientation toward the activities, tasks and processes that make up day-to-day work life, we help the modern enterprise operate faster and be more scalable than ever before. We’re disruptive. We work hard but try not to take ourselves too seriously. We are highly adaptable and constantly evolving. We are passionate about our product, and we live for our customers. We have high expectations and a career at ServiceNow means challenging yourself to always be better. Core responsibilities: Be the subject matter expert in all of Finance related business intelligence processes Gather business requirements from stakeholders on various analytics initiatives Analyze requirements, determine optimal solutions and determine gap from current state, dependencies and risks Develop business requirements documentation, process workflow diagrams, functional specifications, user acceptance test scripts and other supporting documentation for BI initiatives Ownership of the Finance Analytics roadmap and Sustaining Engineering tracks prioritization with global Dev teams Work with developers on determining level of effort and ensuring new functionality meets business objectives when delivered Develop dashboard and report mockups with respect to the UI Best Practices and have impactful UI Design Communicate status regularly with stakeholders and executive sponsors Requirements: Must Have : 10 years of industry experience with a minimum of 5 years as a senior BI analyst from the Finance domain Excellent knowledge of Finance and FP&A; processes methodologies Solid understanding of business process management best practices & business intelligence concepts Hands on experience with Data Analysis, SQL, and tableau or similar tools. Familiarity with SAP BI, SAP S4 or ECC is required Strong analytical ability and be able dive into technical details and design analytics solutions when needed Excellent communication, presentation, and documentation skills Accounting background will be a huge plus Good to have Good understanding of cloud based business models & cloud application technologies Advanced skills using Microsoft Project, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Visio or similar products Prior experience handling multiple projects in a fast-paced environment Exceptional verbal, written communication and presentation skills Experience with SAP HANA is a huge plus Experience with Project Systems is highly desired Business process design, project management, and/or Agile SDLC experience a plus We provide competitive compensation, generous benefits and a professional atmosphere. This is a very collaborative and inclusive work environment where individuals strong on aptitude and attitude will have an opportunity to grow their professional careers through working with some of the most advanced technology and talented developers in the business.