Job Summary The Warehouse Supervisor is responsible for planning, directing and coordinating warehousing activities within the department. This person ensures a safe work environment is maintained while meeting departmental warehousing targets. This person will work with teams of supervisors in other departments, department heads, and other staff daily to deliver targets and improvement objectives. This is a floor position and will involve physical movement of product along with supervisory duties. Primary Responsibilities Include but Are Not Limited To Responsible for ensuring department employees are adhering to department & company policies, procedures, GMPs Supervise, schedule, train, coach & discipline warehouse employees Ensures daily warehousing activity is documented, handled & stored properly Reviews daily shipping and receiving documents for accuracy Moves inventory by scheduling materials to be moved and from warehouse; coordinating inventory transfers with related departments Maintains storage areas by organizing floor space; adhering to good warehousing practices & company policies; recommends improvements Maintains inventory by conducting monthly physical counts; reconciling variances; inputting data Keeps equipment operating by enforcing operating instructions; troubleshooting breakdowns; requiring preventative maintenance; calling for repairs Assist in the hiring and training process for new-hires Develops and maintains warehouse procedures Serves as back up for warehouse employees when needed Participates in staff meetings and attends other meetings, training sessions and seminars as required Facilitates regular team meetings and operational reviews Facilitates department and company forklift training as required Conducts and assists in accident / incident investigations to determine their root causes and take appropriate corrective action as required by the Logistics Manager. Assist in developing & implementing SSOPs Assist with customer & 3rd Party audits Personal Skill Requirements Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to effectively communicate throughout all levels of the organization Ability to lead and motivate a team Solid problem solving, project management, multi-tasking and prioritization skills Ability to work under pressure and to react to situations with a strong sense of urgency Ability to work multiple shifts and weekend shifts as work load requires Detail oriented, organized, reliable and resourceful Intermediate to strong computer skills preferred Knowledge of warehouse management systems preferred Physical Demands Ability to safely operate material handling equipment safely as needed Ability to stand for long periods of time Occasionally lift up to 60 lbs. Work Environment This position works in a warehouse setting, with some outdoor exposure during the workday. Required Education and Experience B.S. or B.A. degree in business management, industrial management or related field; 3-5 years of experience in warehousing, receiving, inventory control or materials management in a manufacturing environment, with 2 years of supervisory experience. _Equal Opportunity Employer. All employees are subject to pre-employment drug testing_.