The Manager IV performs advanced (senior-level) management and oversight activities for the daily operations of the investigations section, Medicaid Provider Integrity (MPI), Office of Inspector General (OIG). The Manager establishes short-, mid-, and long-term goals and objectives for the investigations section of MPI; oversees investigative staff in researching, reviewing, evaluating, investigating, and recommending disposition of cases; oversees the review or development of guidelines, procedures and policies for the investigation of allegations of Medicaid fraud, waste and/or abuse; interacts with internal and external agency staff to formulate recommendations for changes to Medicaid policy; and oversees the preparation of complex reports, documents, studies and correspondence related to the detection, investigation, prevention, and referral of Medicaid provider fraud, waste and/or abuse. The Manager IV coordinates with appropriate staff and oversees the investigative process; coordinates or directs the coordination of investigative activities with federal, state, and legal entities, and professional and licensing Boards; participates in settlement conferences with providers and attorneys (when applicable); testifies in court; and hires, manages, develops and trains investigation unit staff. This position, when applicable, will interact with Managed Care Organizations to coordinate investigative efforts to prevent fraud, waste and abuse in the Medicaid Managed Care Program. The Manager IV performs work under limited supervision of the Director of MPI, with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Work involves up to 50% travel. Essential Job Functions: 1\. Plans, assigns and supervises work of professional staff. (45%) (a) Reviews, approves, and assigns complaints and other referrals to staff within 2 working days of receipt of cases. (b) Oversees the establishment of work goals and objectives with staff to include developing and/or approving investigative plans and schedules. (c) Oversees the activities of staff, including reviewing case progress on at least a monthly basis and providing technical guidance and recommendation to improve investigative process. (d) Oversees the development and submission of all referrals prepared by staff to MPI management, Litigation, the Office of the Attorney General and other entities, within 2 working days of receiving recommendation for referral. 2. Oversees the preparation and approves the final product of complex reports, documents, studies, and correspondence related to the detection, investigation, prevention, and referral of Medicaid provider fraud, waste and/or abuse. (20%) (a) Oversees the development of and approves complex reports, and other documents related to the detection, investigation, and referral of Medicaid provider fraud, waste and/or abuse to ensure appropriate investigative procedures and program policies are followed. (b) Oversees the development of witness testimony, comprehensive exhibits, and other documentation related to Medicaid provider fraud, waste and/or abuse investigations in order to assist the agency in upholding its decision on cases appealed or litigated by provider under investigation. (c) When applicable, oversees the development of cases and advises staff in preparing to testify in court upon request. (d) Oversees, advises, and provides technical assistance to MPI Investigators on entering data, analyzing, and reporting of provider claims data. Oversees and advises in designing, development, manipulation and maintenance of provider claims databases for investigations, special projects and policy development; including technical assistance to MPI Investigators and external stakeholders regarding provider claims sampling and data analysis. Also oversees the preparation of data and statistical reports using MS Word, MS Excel, MS Access, and OIG’s Statistical Tools. 3. Hires, manages, develops, and trains staff. (20%) (a) Establishes systems for setting priorities, planning activities, and organizing staff and resources to accomplish the performance measures and expectations for MPI and OIG. (b) Hires staff as positions are created or become vacant, within the guidelines established by Human Resources. (c) Conducts staff counseling and evaluation sessions, as needed and on schedule, including documentation of areas for improvement or exceptional performance and recommends appropriate personnel actions. (d) Guides staff, conducts and oversees on-the-job training as needed, including monthly staffing of open cases and makes appropriate recommendations to staff and/or develops improvement plans as warranted. (e) Performs annual reviews and updates within 30 days of due date and provides job description for new staff within 30 days of assignment. Conducts quarterly informal performance meetings with staff and provides semi-annual written performance updates. 4. Oversees the coordination of investigative activities with other state agencies, federal entities, such as the Office of the Attorney General, the U. S. Attorney, the Federal Bureau of Investigations, the Internal Revenue Service, as well as professional and licensing Boards. (5%) (a) Oversees coordination and interaction with the above listed agencies and the exchange of information on a timely manner. (b) Oversees the coordination of joint investigative activities with one or more of the above listed agencies, including assignment of staff, oversight of investigative activities, and review of investigative findings and reports. (c) Oversees training programs, or oversees the presentation of training programs, for other state and federal agencies, as it relates to the activities of Medicaid Program Integrity and the detection, investigation, and prevention of Medicaid fraud, waste and/or abuse. 5. Oversees the review and development of policy involving Medicaid fraud, waste and/or abuse. (5%) (a) Interacts with other divisions with OIG, the Medicaid operating agencies, HHSC legal counsel, and other appropriate staff to present recommendations for policy changes that would serve to reduce or eliminate Medicaid fraud, waste and/or abuse in order to assist in the implementation of the recommendations by the appropriate agencies or policy committees. (b) Develops, or directs the development, of policies and procedures for MPI and/or OIG that will enhance or improve the results of investigative activities. (c) Reviews, or directs the review, of Medicaid procedure manuals, training and educational material, internal policies of OIG/MPI, and processes involved in the detection, investigation, and prevention of Medicaid fraud, waste and/or abuse. (d) Oversees the development of internal guidelines, policies and procedures. 7. Performs other duties as assigned and required to maintain efficient agency operations. (5%) Knowledge Skills Abilities: 1\. Knowledge of policies, procedures, rules and regulations of the Texas Medicaid Program and its operating agencies. 2. Extensive knowledge of acceptable and appropriate investigative techniques, including analysis, interviews, determination of findings, and evidence. 3. Knowledge of federal and state law, rules, regulations, and policies related to fraud and/or the Texas Medicaid Program. 4. Knowledge of the investigation of fraud, waste; preference for experience with the Texas Medicaid Program. 5. Considerable knowledge of program guidelines, policies, and procedures for the Medicaid operating agencies. 6. Knowledge of management principles and business practices. 7. Considerable knowledge of planning, implementation, and evaluation. 8. Advanced skill in managing multiple, sometimes conflicting, priorities without jeopardizing deadlines or goals. 9. Skill in presenting complex concepts and information. 10. Skill in collecting and analyzing complex data, evaluating information, and drawing logical conclusions in a report format. 11. Ability to manage program activities to establish goals and objectives, and to devise solutions for administrative problems. 12. Ability to evaluate and develop administrative policies, procedures and guidelines. 13. Ability to testify at hearings and other legal proceedings. 14. Ability to plan, assign, and supervise the work of others. 15. Ability to communicate effectively complex policies, procedures, and investigative findings, both orally and in writing. 16. Ability to interact with hostile providers and/or clients, as well as interact effectively and professionally with providers and their legal representatives. 17. Ability to oversee the development of fraud, waste and/or abuse cases, including cases requiring extensive analysis, complex reports, exhibits, and testimony. 18. Must be able to travel up to 50% of the time. Registration or Licensure Requirements: N/A Initial Selection Criteria: 1\. Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university. May substitute full-time investigation, white-collar crime, auditing, accounting, Medicaid/Medicare program provider compliance monitoring, legal and/or investigative experience in healthcare insurance or similar experience for required education on a year for year basis. 2. Five years of full-time investigations, auditing, accounting, Medicaid/Medicare Program provider compliance monitoring, white collar crime investigations, legal and/or investigative experience in healthcare insurance or similar experience. May substitute post graduate degree from an accredited four-year college or university in criminal justice or law for required full time investigations experience on a year for year basis. 3. Experience using word processing and electronic spreadsheet applications. 4. Ability to travel up to 50% of the time. Preferred: Five years of managerial experience; Experience with large scale complex investigations; Experience with developing and training others; Advanced degree from an accredited college or university; Knowledge of data analytics, sampling tools, statistical sampling and extrapolations. Consideration will also be given to known past job performance, if applicable, and prior work history. Additional Information: The posted salary range reflects the minimum and maximum allowable by state law. Any employment offer is contingent upon available budgeted funds. The offered salary will be determined in accordance with budgetary limits and the requirements of HHSC Human Resources Manual Chapter 7. Note: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include: 31B, 31D, EOD, 401, 5819, 7S0X1. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. req 332065 MOS Code: 1603 HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.