Job Description: This position is responsible for configuring/maintaining enterprise MetroPCS HR Learning Management systems including but not limited to updating/creating business objects, process/workflows, UI, notifications, security, etc. as required by business requirements. Identifies process improvement or automation opportunities with a key focus on user experience, data integrity and operational efficiencies. Responsibilities: Enterprise Core Competencies Requires competency in customer focus, change & innovation, strategic thinking, relationship building & influencing, talent management, results focus and inspirational leadership. Essential Functions Analyzes the impact of configuration changes and vendor releases to determine impacts to core HR systems (Cornerstone / Midas interface) and downstream consumers of HR data (Internal & External). Performs thorough problem analysis, including problem re-creation, resulting in resolution of system-related issues. Troubleshoots systems and integration issues by identifying root cause (e.g. data, technical, network, etc.). Partners with vendors, enterprise IT teams and HR back-office and end-users to design, test and implement process and system change requests and break-fixes. Develops, reviews, and updates system, process and security documentation related to system changes ensuring thorough and accurate information. Serves as the go-to person and subject matter expert (SME) for configuration, business use, as well as capabilities and limitations of HR systems (Cornerstone and add-on interfaces). Qualifications: Qualifications Minimum Required Three to five years’ experience with major HRIS/HRMS platform(s) i.e. Cornerstone or other. Solid understanding of core HR learning management practices including Learning Management, Operations and HR Shared Services. Experience in software/system development life-cycle phases; requirements, analysis, design, testing, implementation, deployment and system upgrade. Intermediate understanding of MS productivity software including Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Visio, Project and Access. Excellent data analytics and reporting skills. Excellent problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent customer service and communication skills. Desired Ability to manage multiple efforts and competing priorities. Ability to drive tasks and open action items to completion. Proactive and possessing the ability to work independently and manage time effectively. Able to work under pressure, deal with deadlines and demonstrate flexibility on the job. Ability to maintain confidentiality and professionalism. Comfortable with team-based work structure. The ability to clearly define problems and articulate solutions in writing or within a group setting. Education Minimum Required Bachelors Degree Equivalent work experience is required Company Profile: MetroPCS provides the freedom and convenience of unlimited, no-annual-contract wireless services on an advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network for a flat rate. With MetroPCS, customers get great value and a wide variety of device choices from leading brands. A flagship brand operated by T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”), MetroPCS products and services are available online and across the United States through a network of company-owned stores, authorized dealer locations, and leading national retailers. EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.