The Technology Solutions Associate’s primary role is generating quotes for software product sales opportunities for RSM’s Technology clients ($100M or less). The opportunities will come from internal consultants, sales staff and directly from the client. Product knowledge and overall understanding of IT is required. This role will ensure quoted products will meet client requirements and work properly in the client's environment. They will ensure timely completion of duties and quality of quotes. Work with team to ensure knowledge transfer and cross-training. Work with vendors to develop relationships and learn about all potential pricing options and special promotions to ensure the best pricing. Quoting duties may include but are not limited to: Develop a thorough knowledge of Business Application computer software and a variety of other related and integrated systems Manage and track annual software maintenance renewals for existing Technology management client base on the East Coast Create client facing product quotes for opportunities identified Research product pricing Research technical compatibility issues Research product availability and substitution alternatives Review feedback from clients and consultants in order to access possible improvements to existing products and also the need for new products Provide input, creative solutions and ideas to the management team and IT consultants on product offerings Provide Purchasing with information on new orders and any changes to existing orders Relationship Management duties may include but are not limited to: Work with vendors to develop relationships and learn pricing programs Develop strong product knowledge as well as obtain product certifications when required Basic Qualification: Bachelor degree or equivalent experience in Technology preferred 1-5 years of technology experience Advanced understanding of computers and computer systems Ability to work within a team atmosphere Proficient in Microsoft Office Excellent verbal and written communication skills Experience working within Microsoft Dynamics Preferred Qualifications: Experience working within Microsoft Dynamics You want your next step to be the right one. You've worked hard to get where you are today. And now you're ready to use your unique skills, talents and personality to achieve great things. RSM is a place where you are valued as an individual, mentored as a future leader, and recognized for your accomplishments and potential. Working directly with clients, key decision makers and business owners across various industries and geographies, you'll move quickly along the learning curve and our clients will benefit from your fresh perspective. Experience RSM US. Experience the power of being understood. RSM is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans.