Job Location: Dallas, TX DHL Global Forwarding (DGF) manages the flow of goods and information across a customer's global supply chain utilizing air/ocean/ground transportation, customs brokerage services, and dedicated warehousing/distribution centers. We are part of Deutsche Post DHL, the world’s leading logistics provider with operations in over 220 countries. Visit our career site on the web at https://www.logistics.dhl/us- en/home/careers.html We have an exciting opportunity for a _Business Analyst Intern_. In this role you will perform analytical work to support the various business needs of assigned DHL business units.You will prepare and analyze data and coordinate the reporting function to accurately identify data integrity issues and recommend possible system or process enhancements.The internship will be located at our Dallas, TX facility. Key Responsibilities : Develops and implements tools and processes to support assigned DHL Bbusiness units Analyzes statistical data and prepares analysis to support the various needs of the business Compiles & summarizes data to present to management as necessary Assists in maximizing efficiencies of various DHL business units through identifying, monitoring, and documenting issues Develops ad-hoc reports to identify data integrity failures; performs through analysis to identify root causes and makes recommendations for solutions Produces reports for management that draw data from various sources to aid in tracking business unit efficiency May take part in various departmental special projects and processes Skills / Requirements : Junior or Senior level college student (Undergraduate or Graduate) Expert proficiency in MS Office applications especially Excel & Access Intermediate skills in SQL and Visual Basic for applications Experience with Access Database development Exceptional written and oral communication skills Very strong problem solving skills Strong continuous improvement, analytical, data manipulation and statistical analysis skills Quick learner and able to adapt in a stressful and diverse work environment Logistics/Transportation industry is a PLUS _Our Vision_ _: The Logistics Company for the World_ _Our Mission_ _: Excellence. Simply Delivered._ _Our Purpose_ _: We connect people, improving their lives._ _Our Values_ _: Respect & Results_ _Our Goals_ _: Employer, Provider, and Investment of Choice, Living Responsibility_ DHL Global Forwarding is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. As the world’s leading logistics company, DHL offers a wide range of interesting job challenges and opportunities in our different divisions around the globe. Our performance management system supports us in recognizing your potential, evaluating your performance, and continuously planning the development of your career with DHL.We will always enable you to take on responsibility and encourage your growth, personally and professionally. Work Authorization : DHL Global Forwarding will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States. This is not a position for which visa sponsorship will be provided. Individuals who need sponsorship for work authorization, now or in the future, are not eligible for hire for this role.