SCOPE The Full Stack Software Engineer will join a talented, and growing team of smart people who enjoy coming to work each day to further the mission of MAP Health Management. Join a super motivated team and imagine a career where your creative inspiration can fuel innovations in the Healthcare industry. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Architect and implement end to end, browser to database solutions. Design and develop efficient, scalable solutions in a cloud environment. Participate in architecting and implementing ETL and BI and reporting solutions. Participate in the gathering of functional requirements, developing technical specifications, and project & test planning Generate technical documentation to communicate and educate development team and business users on architectural and design options. Resolve defects and assist in the pre-production deployment process Work cross-functionally with various teams including: product management, data science, product lines, and/or business units to drive forward results. OTHER FUNCTIONS This is not a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee. Other duties, responsibilities and activities may change or be assigned at any time with or without notice. Supervisory Duties: No KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES BS or MS in Computer Science or relevant experience 4+ years’ experience building world class, public facing web applications. 2+ years of REST API development. Expertise in at least 2 of the following languages: JavaScript, Java, Python, Ruby, PHP Experience developing JavaScript Single Page Applications (Angular, React, etc.) Well versed in application/data security, and HIPAA Experience and understanding of Micro-Architectures, Object Oriented Design/Development, and Continuous Integration. Knowledge of current trends and best practices in front-end and service layer architecture, including performance, accessibility and usability Experience developing in the healthcare and/or compliance domain preferred Experience with BI and reporting tools and infrastructures. Knowledge in RDBMS, complex SQL, views and stored procedures. Experience with agile and scrum methodologies Ability to handle a fast-paced environment for iterative project turnarounds on mission & revenue critical, customer facing applications and websites ABOUT MAP We're an award-winning company that uses cutting-edge, technology-enabled solutions to improve the lives of those affected by Substance Use Disorder. Based in Austin, Texas, our passionate team turns a combination of advanced medical devices, predictive analytics, data analysis, strategic partnerships, and strong coffee into real results that impact individuals and families all over the country. We have a variety of roles at our company, but everyone’s goal is the same: revolutionizing addiction recovery to improve outcomes. We are a mission-driven organization that takes care of our people; our most valuable resource. We provide an excellent benefits package that includes: A supportive company culture that values what you bring to the table while still giving you the opportunity to learn, grow, and advance your career. Employer paid medical, dental, vision, life insurance, and disability insurance benefits 401(k) plan with employer match Competitive PTO package Employee Assistant Program Business-casual environment Free snacks & beverages