Responsibilities Problem Solving: Accurately identify and assess problems by asking the right questions of the right people. Use analytical problem-solving techniques to resolve issues and identify opportunities. Conduct risk assessment and offer options to stakeholders. Be the source of unbiased data-supported insights to the organization. Subject Matter Expert: Act as the SME on advanced analytics techniques such as data mining, forecasting, simulation, econometrics, regression and optimization. Educate and empower the Analytics & BI team to embrace new methodology for interpreting and analyzing data Interface with senior leadership to present insights and recommendations that are based on data and advanced analytics Understand and articulate complex mathematical and computational learning concepts to team members and vendors Interpret data and identify correlations using both univariate and multivariate analysis. Develop customized and predictive models to enhance business processes incorporating business and operational goals, as well as market conditions. Serve as the analytics and statistical consultant/lead within the BI&A team as well as to the business. Participate or serve as the owner of projects requiring advanced statistical analyses, innovative research, mathematical calculations, and technical skills. Identify opportunities to build statistical models, customized segmentation schemes, and create forecasts Integrate web and email analytics into customer analytics Test & Measurement: Participate in the design of new initiatives that require test and measurement before full implementation. Apply acceptable statistical techniques to ensure tests are properly conducted. Develop new metrics and indicators to help business units in improving performance and efficiencies. Requirements Bachelor’s Degree required, Master’s Degree preferred 7+ years work experience with statistical methodology and analysis or equivalent experience and education combined Strong analytics, statistics, and problem-solving skills required Proficient with Microsoft Office applications, most importantly Excel and Power Point Expertise in data query language such as SQL Expertise in using statistical packages for analyzing large data sets - R, Python, SAS, Alteryx or other statistical packages strongly preferred. Experience in Tableau or other data visualization software is a plus, but not required. Experience supporting Loyalty/Marketing analytics and customer data required Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communications skills Proven ability to interact and influence at all levels of an organization Proven people and project leadership abilities Demonstrated ability to teach complex analytical and statistical techniques to a wider audience Proven track record of self-motivation and independent discretion Strong intellectual curiosity; a willingness to ask questions and learn from others Digital Analytics skills a plus