The Buildings & Infrastructure Line of Business is a global network of employees, which serves both the private and public sector. Our employees work to shape the communities we live in by creating world-class projects that transform the future development patterns of those communities. We provide our clients award-winning planning, engineering, architectural and interior design, construction and program management, and design-build project delivery. The Jacobs business model allows us to successfully service our clients, leverage our integrated services, and provide our employees with growth opportunities while delivering global solutions to our client’s local programs. We consistently receive high rankings from Engineering News-Record (ENR) in many classifications, including the categories of Top Design Firms, Top Contractors, Top Green Buildings Design Firms, and Top Transportation Companies. Our Architectural team in NYC is looking for a Project Architect to join the group. This person will be responsible for the coordination, development, and drafting of construction documents in support of overall project design. Performs work of a more complex scope under limited supervision using well-defined standards and procedures Has complete understanding of general job aspects and general understanding of the detailed aspects of the job Designs components or portions of systems, and modifies existing designs to develop or improve them Reviews drawings supplied by vendors, clients, and other discipline group designers that affect the specific project design area to which he or she has been assigned Coordination with multi-discipline A/E design teams May provide technical guidance and assistance to drafting personnel and less experienced designers Uses computer-aided design equipment and/or graphic tools Gathers information, makes studies, performs calculations, and prepares original rough layouts and sketches to present design proposal Coordinates design criteria with engineering, tooling, material, and planning group in accordance with contractual specifications Qualifications Bachelor of Architecture Degree is required At least 7 years related design experience is required Almost complete with exams in NY State or registered architect is required Ability to work collaboratively and independently as appropriate in studio environment is required Utilization of design and production software including SketchUp, AutoCAD and REVIT is required Excellent verbal and written communications skills are required Valid drivers' license is required Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Jacobs is a drug-free workplace.