Microsoft Enterprise Services Apps Centre of Excellence (Apps COE) team in Americas is looking for a Solution Architect that can help build magical solutions for our customers to help with their digital disruption and transformations. The Apps COE team at Microsoft is responsible for leading the architecture and development of innovative, software applications as a part of our Digital Solution Innovation Process (DSIP). With an innovation focus, you should be confident in quickly developing skills in evolving technology areas with a track record of staying ahead of the curve. Responsibilities As the Solution Architect you will require both broad and deep technology knowledge and the ability to architect solutions by mapping common customer business problems to end-to-end technology solutions. You should be able to demonstrate the ability to engage in senior level technology and business decision makers’ discussions related to agility, business value, and end to end information technology as a requirement. You are a key enabler for other architects, consultants and partners in our business. You need to be able to demonstrate a passion for the customer through professionalism and striving for excellence in all aspects of the customer engagement and experience. You need to be able to apply advanced analysis skills and experience in principals of architecture to define appropriate customer solutions. To be credible you should have current and deep experience with the development of large software systems. Also, you should understand competitive and open source technology and how to properly assess feasibility of migrating customer solutions from, and/or integrating with customer solutions hosted on, non-Microsoft platforms. Advanced domain knowledge in one or more vertical industry is also an asset. Qualifications You need to be a leader with +10 years of experience in demonstrating architecture, planning, deploying solutions including the following: Proven solid experience on Azure application development /architecture, C and .NET. Highly desired: Blockchain, Artificial Intelligence, IoT, Node.js and containers. +75% travel availability. Proven experience selling consulting engagements which includes estimating, scoping, and writing effective statements of work that clearly set expectations and limit risk. Demonstrated excellence with consulting skills and presenting complex development topics to both business executive and technical personnel. Consistent record of building deep technical relationships with senior executives and helping to build innovative cloud solutions in large or highly strategic accounts. Consistent track record of driving decisions collaboratively, resolving conflicts and ensuring follow through with extraordinary verbal and written communication. Demonstrated excellence when facilitating customer design and awareness sessions that are focused on complex application solution architectures. Demonstrated capabilities in developing an understanding of the customer business value associated with the deployment of modern business productivity, system-to-system, and end-user applications. An ability to articulate architectural differences between solution methods and the challenges and approaches to integrating solutions built on different platforms including a working knowledge of different architectural frameworks (e.g. Togaf) that may be used by our customers. Architectural understanding of, and implementation experience with the software development of modern applications, especially cloud-based and hybrid solutions. Understand the approach, value and have the ability to lead Agile software development projects. Architectural understanding of both commercial and common Open Source solution development tools and technologies -Ability to move between high-level architectural review/design and the “roll up the sleeves” level of personally doing all phases of a software application delivery project. Helps customer account teams identify, pursue and close strategic business development opportunities while continually driving add-on business within existing projects. To accomplish this, you need to be effective in fostering executive level relationships. They also play a key role in employing and developing partners as part of the overall Microsoft services delivery model. You will help translate business requirements into technology requirements for inclusion in contracts and/or statements of work (SOW). You will be call upon to provide Technical Quality Assurance at various points along a project lifecycle. To be successful you should be able to demonstrate your experience leading projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing multi-phase/multi-dimensional/multi-resource projects to conclusion while maintaining high customer satisfaction. The role requires an individual who is resourceful, confident under pressure, and has demonstrated skill in both crisis management and expectation management. You may come from an enterprise customer, partner and competing organizations and may have played the following types of roles in these organizations; Senior Architect, Chief Architect, Principal Architect or CTO. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.