Overview We are driven to improve our customers’ financial lives so profoundly… they can’t imagine going back to the old way. The Data Fabric Team is passionate about the impact technology can have on the productivity of our engineering teams – we solve key data problems once, elegantly and effectively – so that the engineering teams can focus on business issues and on delivering business value. We are building awesome data solutions: Data persistence platform to solve the enterprise’s need for real-time, connected data across products and ecosystems A high-volume, stream processing data movement infrastructure Advanced analytical processing platform for personalization and recommendation engines Responsibilities Design and develop big data and real-time analytics solutions using industry standard technologies. Develop web services that make big data available in real-time for in-product applications. Work with data architects to ensure that Big Data solutions are aligned with company-wide technology directions. Participate in fast moving development teams using agile methodologies. Demonstrate best practices for unit testing, CI/CD, performance testing, capacity planning, documentation, monitoring, alerting, and incident response. Communicate progress across organizations and levels from individual contributor to senior executive. Identify and clarify the critical few issues that need action and drive appropriate decisions and actions. Communicate results clearly and in actionable form. Competency in our core technologies – Hadoop, Spark, AWS, Vertica, Tableau, DynamoDB, Graph Databases and others. Demonstrate strong implementation aptitude to translate objectives into a scalable solution to meet the needs of the end customer while meeting deadlines Qualifications BS in Computer Science Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, including business writing and presentations. Ability to clearly communicate objectives, plans, status and results, focusing on a few critical key points. 3+ years of hands-on software engineering experience. 3+ years experience developing solutions using Hadoop. Mastery of Advanced SQL. Strong object oriented programming experience in Java, Scala, Python or similar. Experience working with business leadership to design data solutions that meet business needs. Experience gathering requirements, designing solutions, creating JIRA stories, managing the backlog, planning sprints, leading daily standups, giving product demos, and reporting status to senior management. Experience operating a mission critical data warehouse. This includes monitoring ETL, data availability, and data quality, and coordinating a response (using PagerDuty) when SLAs are not being met. Experience working with large, complex source systems, and working with developers of those systems to dig in and understand the complexities of the data.