Brandeis University seeks to hire a Privacy and Information Security Analyst to work directly for the Director for Networks, Systems & Security. This analyst also collaborates with ITS, legal and risk management team members to assure compliance with federal, state and industry regulations, including FERPA, 201 CMR 17, GDPR, PCI, other state privacy and security laws, and the organization’s privacy and security policies and procedures. The analyst is responsible for planning, executing, and managing a variety of regulatory, investigative, and educational-based projects as an integral member of the ITS Security. The analyst develops and delivers privacy and information security awareness and compliance education and training for the enterprise and supports investigations with oversight from the Director for Networks, Systems & Security on regulatory matters and concerns. In addition, the analyst is responsible for drafting and responding to regulatory inquiries with oversight from the Director for Networks, Systems & Security Examples of Key Responsibilities: The analyst is responsible to ensure that the privacy and information security awareness program meets industry regulations, standards, and compliance requirements; communicates the privacy and security policies to appropriate workforce members, and identifies top privacy and information security risks and behaviors to effectively reduce risks to the organization. The analyst assures adherence to applicable federal and state regulations, investigates and maintains documentation of privacy and information security incidents, ensures timely reporting to patients and government entities as required by law, monitors key elements of the privacy and information program, including ensuring implementation of training programs for members of the workforce. The analyst assists in root cause analysis, corrective action plans, and investigative reports for privacy and security incidents at the direction of the Director for Networks, Systems & Security or designee. Provides security analysis and design assistance to technical staff. Works closely as a liaison to networking and systems staff within LTS and provides expert advice to campus academic researchers with regard to security operations and theory. Assists with vulnerability and risk analyses of existing and planned systems and works with law enforcement and internal staff on security investigations requiring the highest measure of confidentiality and professionalism. Assists with daily operation and maintenance of Brandeis University security infrastructure, including Firewalls, Splunk, IDS/IPS, VPN, etc. Qualifications: Bachelor Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience is required Knowledge of existing and emerging federal, state and industry requirements related to privacy and security. Demonstrated ability to set priorities and to respond to changing demands from multiple sources in a fast-paced environment Strong, professional, interpersonal skills Ability to maintain a high level of confidentiality Ability to follow through, meet deadlines, anticipate requirements and build relationships. Strong problem-solving skills combined with excellent verbal and written communication skills Must be able to work collaboratively in a team environment with minimal supervision Project management experience Demonstrated comfort level w/ internal systems or demonstrated ability to learn new systems preferred Demonstrated decision making skills preferred Excellent time management and organizational skills preferred Knowledge of PC, relevant applications, analytical and statistical skills How to Apply: Submit cover letter and resume as a single document at http://www.brandeis.edu/humanresources/jobs/external.html. Elect option for "New Applicant". Sort the job listing by clicking the Job ID column heading. Locate the desired job listing. Click the job title and then Apply Now. Closing Statement: Brandeis University is committed to providing its students, faculty and staff with an environment conducive to learning and working and where all people are treated with respect and dignity. Toward that end, it is essential that Brandeis be free from discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religious creed, gender identity and expression, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, age, genetic information, disability, military or veteran status or any other category protected by law (also known as membership in a "protected class").