Are you passionate about solving challenging problems? Do you thrive being a critical part of an elite team of like-minded people? How would you like for your next career move to take you to the next level? If any of this sounds appealing, look no further. Job Description: Novetta’s Cyber Defense and Enablement Division is seeking a talented Cyber Security Detection Analyst to work for a major Oil and Gas Customer in Houston, TX. This analyst will focus on the detection/monitoring of events associated with insider threat alerts and events as well as DLP. Basic Qualifications: 3+ years of experience with Incident Analysis to include: Cybersecurity tools -balance technical and service delivery skills. Experience with Data Loss Prevention (DLP), UBA, or Insider Threat systems preferred. Experience with various Critical Information tools: Digital Guardian, Sureview, Securonix, EnCase, Magnet, RMS, SIEM tools Experience in prioritizing and responding to real-time security alerts. 3+ years of experience evaluating the significance of information sources. Assess vulnerabilities, data movement, non-technical and technical threats. Bachelor degree (Computer Science, Information Security) or equivalent combination of education and related work experience preferred. 3+ years of Forensic/CERT principles including DLP monitoring, intrusion response, data mining, investigations including; infrastructure and forensic knowledge- knowledge of hardware, Op Systems, and network/data Must be a US Citizen with the ablity to obtain a clearance Desired Skills: The ideal candidate will have a background in Counter Intelligence. Ability to work on a small, expert team in a fast-paced environment. So what does Novetta do? We focus on three core areas: Cyber, Entity, and Multi-Int Analytics. Our products are focused on processing and analyzing vast amounts of data in these core areas. Our services are focused on helping our customers move from complexity to clarity. At Novetta, we bridge the gap between what our customers think they can do and what they aspire to achieve. Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our Core Values: Integrity: We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics. Customer Mission Success: Customer mission success drives our daily efforts—we strive always to exceed customer expectations and focus on mission success beyond contractual commitments. Employee Focus: We value our employees and demonstrate our commitment to them by providing clear communications, outstanding benefits, career development, and opportunities to work on problems and technical challenges of national significance. Innovation: We believe that innovation is critical to our success – that discovering new and more effective ways to achieve customer mission success is what makes us a great company. Get a referral bonus for the great people you know! With our amazing referral program, you could be eligible to win outstanding rewards for referring qualified new hires to Novetta. Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.