: You will be responsible for the development and implementation of highly complex loosely coupled software components and microservices integrated in public and private cloud architecture. This position is responsible for working on a variety of technical problems of moderate scope & complexity. Designs, codes, tests under general supervision. Collaborate with peers under the direction of technical leads on assigned project teams. Primary Responsibilities: Working closely with peers to design & code robust scalable, loosely coupled components and microservices that integrates with both public and private cloud infrastructure. Apply architecture and design principals consistently and holistically to enable target end-to-end usage scenarios Good focus on DevOps use-cases and work-flows Optimized internally for extensibility and enabling development teams to operate quickly Work with SCRUM teams and Product Management to refine requirements, understand how we will meet the broader properties of the system and help design efficient, flexible, highly scalable and extensible services Work to drive decisions through a crisp decision-making process and framework Analyze criteria and options and obtain necessary data to answer key questions Meet with key partners, internal teams and 3rd party partners in joint design and development efforts while being able to articulate roadmap and product architecture. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Basic knowledge of development & deployment across multiple cloud providers such as Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud, VMWare and OpenStack Working knowledge of microservices architecture & large scale API design and development Understanding with Docker containers and orchestration platforms such as ECS, Kubernetes, Mesos and/or Swarm Experience in developing solutions using automation tools such as Ansible, Chief, Puppet, System Center Knowledge of developing automation for Terraform or infrastructure provisioning tools Able to collaborate and thrive in a dynamic high performing environment. Regularly demonstrates teamwork by promoting others’ ideas, influencing others, and making teams successful. Demonstrated excellence in written and verbal communications. Participates on cross functional design teams to develop expertise in other modules/systems Excellent organizational agility and interpersonal skills throughout the organization. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree or an advanced degree; or equivalent work experience in a related field. Coding experience in languages such as Java and C/C++ Golang is a plus Knowledge or experience in networking of OSI Layer-1 to 7 including LAN switches, routers, general TCP/IP and associated protocols a big plus. Equal Employment Opportunity It is the policy of F5 to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical, or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request.