Database Administrator for Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) Autonomic Logistics Information System (ALIS) for RoKAF Operational Squadron located in Cheongju, Korea Database Administrator for an operating unit, responsible for ensuring the integrity of all the databases within the system. The Database Administrator will develop and execute policies, practices and procedures that properly manage the full data lifecycle needs of ALIS. The DBA is primarily concerned with ensuring data currency, availability to users, and the protection of that data from loss. DBA tasks include but are not limited to: applying approved data updates, data protection (backups), availability, distribution, migration, warehousing, management, replication, redundancy, and security. Primary tasking includes Data management, Backup/Restore/Disaster Recovery, and Database/Application Support. Must be willing to travel, to include CONUS/OCONUS deployments for extended periods depending on operational needs . Position may require the ability to perform in an arduous duty environment and subject to all applicable U.S. Government requirements. A detailed list of these requirements will be available at the time of interview and employment will be contingent on agreement and compliance with such requirements. Successful candidate must be capable of passing USN medical, dental and overseas screening requirements and must maintain their medical fitness for this position. The selected applicant selected may be required to work at deployed locations, work rotating shifts, and work in excess of 40 hours per week. Deployment and continued employment is contingent upon successful receipt of Program Special Access clearances AND completion of the OJT required at Lockheed Martin’s training locations prior to international assignment. Training will occur primarily at Luke AFB in Glendale, AZ. Other locations may include but are not limited to: Nellis AFB, NV, Hill AFB, UT; Eglin AFB, FL; Edwards AFB, CA; Fort Worth, TX; Orlando, FL; Yuma, AZ; Beaufort, SC. Relocation: Relocation is available for this exciting international assignment Desired Skills: 1) Previous experience, current knowledge, and developed skills in data administration, especially in an Oracle environment, are highly desired and preferred. 2) The following is a list of desired certifications for a DBA: Oracle Certified Associated (OCA)/Oracle Certified Professional (OCP) Certification Security+ Certification with Continuing Education (CE) Required within 60 days of hire for US Administrators 3) Experience and knowledge of Korean language and culture would be a plus BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelors degree from an accredited college in a related discipline, or equivalent experience/combined education, with 6 years of professional experience; or 4 years of professional experience with a related Masters degree. Specific job requirements include: 1) Strong systems & software engineering and/or database administration process background 2) Prior Database Administration and/or Database Development experience 3) Good communication & Verbal skills 4) Self starter & be able to Multi-task 5) Working knowledge of the following: Oracle Performance Tuning Oracle Administration Operating Systems (OSs) Scripting Languages (shell, batch, PERL) Oracle Administration in an MS Windows environment 6) Must be willing to work off hours, to include 0300-1200, 0700 -1600 or 1000-1900 (standard), and/or 1500-2400 depending on operational needs. 7) Must be willing to travel, to include Squadron deployments for extended periods depending on operational needs. 8) Time zone differences may require adjusted shift schedule as necessary to participate in telcons or VTCs with external agencies. Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.