3M is seeking Data Scientists with specialization in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Computer Vision, and/or Algorithm Engineering for our Artificial Intelligence Lab in 3M’s Corporate Research Laboratory, located in Maplewood, MN. Here, you go. Job Summary: Persons hired for the position of Data Scientist in one of 3M’s research and development labs will develop novel technologies and applications in the areas of deep learning, machine learning, computer vision, and algorithm engineering that create new opportunities for 3M. The position of Data Scientist will join one of 3M’s corporate research labs or business labs that develop digital technologies and solutions that capitalize and enable 3M’s unique materials, advanced technologies, and global reach. At 3M, our data scientists analyze data, create algorithms, and develop real-world solutions for many businesses and markets, including health information, worker safety, digital oral care, power grid, transportation, and more. 3M is headquartered in the beautiful Twin Cities of Minnesota, known nationwide for their outdoor recreation opportunities, thriving arts, professional sports, and extremely high quality of life. From IoT to the Cloud, 3M is applying Science to Life. Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following : Leverage data science expertise to develop new technologies Work with global teams to implement impactful solutions in 3M’s diverse markets File patent applications, publish, and present at appropriate conferences Collaborate with research teams in corporate research and business labs on building capabilities and applications to solve emerging challenges Analyze, develop algorithms, and deploy solutions based on real-world data Basic Qualifications: Possess or in the last year of pursuing a Doctoral degree or Post-Doctoral fellow in a Science or Engineering discipline from an accredited university Preferred Qualifications: Possess or in the final year of pursuing a Ph.D. degree or post-doctoral fellowship in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Data Science, Cognitive Science, Software Engineering, Applied Physics, Applied Mathematics, or related discipline from an accredited university Training and/or experience in deep learning, machine learning, data science, computer vision, artificial intelligence, statistics, and/or applied mathematics through thesis work, internships, or industry or national lab employment. Fluent in one or more programming languages (e.g. Python, MATLAB, C, C++, Java, and/or R) Experienced with Azure and AWS cloud services and data analytics tools. Strong scientific and technical acumen, with demonstrated interest and ability to make connections between science/technology and real-world concerns Ability to deal with the ambiguity of early-stage scouting and evaluation of new opportunities and the flexibility to change direction as additional information becomes available Demonstrated scientific excellence as evidenced by publications and presentations Self-motivated and self-directed Strong problem-solving skills Excellent communication skills (oral, written, and presentation) _Responsibilities of this position may include direct and/or indirect physical or logical access to information, systems, technologies subjected to the regulations/compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws._ _U.S. Export Control laws and U.S. Government Department of Defense contracts and sub-contracts impose certain restrictions on companies and their ability to share export-controlled and other technology and services with certain "non-U.S. persons" (persons who are not U.S. citizens or nationals, lawful permanent residents of the U.S., refugees, "Temporary Residents" (granted Amnesty or Special Agricultural Worker provisions), or persons granted asylum (but excluding persons in nonimmigrant status such as H-1B, L-1, F-1, etc.) or non-U.S. citizens._ _To comply with these laws, and in conjunction with the review of candidates for those positions within 3M that may present access to export controlled technical data, 3M must assess employees' U.S. person status, as well as citizenship(s)._ _The questions asked in this application are intended to assess this and will be used for evaluation purposes only. Failure to provide the necessary information in this regard will result in our inability to consider you further for this particular position. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at 3M Company's sole election._ ____