Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description Arity Arity is a new technology company that uses advanced predictive analytics to help partners evaluate risk and make sense of everyday experiences. Our proprietary algorithms analyze billions of data points, distilling the flood of information into simple, actionable insights. Chief among these is the Arity Driving Score, which models billions of miles of driving and claims data to assess risk, gauging each driver’s likelihood of an event. Founded by The Allstate Corporation, an organization synonymous with protection and preparation, Arity is born from a long-standing commitment to deep customer understanding and future-focused innovation. Fueled by the curiosity of a startup, our expertise begins with connected car, providing applied insights that meet insurer and transportation/mobility company needs and enhance driver safety, connectivity and value. Don’t miss this opportunity to join a team where your innovative thinking and technology skills can improve the safety of those on the road and further enhance the car-ownership experience. Job Family Summary: Arity Data Science and Analytics is responsible for aligning with and contributing to corporate objectives by identifying and developing growth and profitability opportunities that will enable Arity to generate profitable market share growth. The Data Analytics Engineer team is responsible for working with clients to create scaled out business solutions and/or large scale research data files using appropriate ETL (Extract, Transform, and Load) tools and software to provide documented, trusted and actionable results or data. The team is responsible for data manipulation and serves as a consultant to teams, providing best practices, data interpretation and training on created business solutions or research data. Job Summary: _The Junior Data Engineer position is an entry level role with a start date in January 2018 or Summer 2018._ This role is responsible for the use and development of data infrastructure projects & proof of concept business solutions for users in analytics and Data Science. This person partners with others on work with data scientists and analytic engineers on tactical solutions. This role will participate on new ETL work tracks for Data Science and analytics from inception and prototyping to fully developed solutions. This is a highly dynamic position that requires a greater degree of flexibility, analytic agility, and the ability to rapidly adapt to changing business requirements/needs, new technologies, and data sources. This role requires close integration and partnership with the business/Data Science team and requires business acumen in order to output the best technical solutions. Key Responsibilities Utilize a multidisciplinary approach to Data Analytic problems combining technical expertise with analytics and business knowledge Work with Data Scientists and business partners on embedded cross functional teams; developing subject matter expertise in the business as well as advanced analytics. Execute on requirements to develop analytic data sources for use by data scientists, research, and business users Execute rapid development of new data work tracks with fast iteration over quick sprints Leverage and enhance the data infrastructure required to support needs of data science and analytics. Builds test scripts, executes testing, works with data scientists and business to ensure end user acceptance Leverage “agile” data analysis with technology fluency in parallel processing/programming, software/programming languages and OLAP technologies (ETL, Spark, Scala, Python, Oracle, NoSQL Databases, SQL, PL/SQL, MySQL, Hadoop, Java, MapReduce). Contribute to an environment that supports innovation and process improvement. Contribute to the development of corporate research data files, information platforms or data spaces designed for exploring and understanding the data. Demonstrate analytic agility to meeting fluid and dynamic business needs in this space Mentor other team members in a business technical environment. Qualifications _Target Start Date: January 2018 or Summer 2018._ Working towards and will be completing a bachelor’s degree in a field such as Computer Science, Data Architecture or equivalent skills Related experience or equivalent skills & ability SQL, Python, and Scala development experience and knowledge (Spark a plus) Computer Proficiency in Oracle, UNIX, Linux, SQL Analytic, Data Sourcing, and Content Management skills Experience in time and task management Ability to learn new technologies Strong attention to detail Intermediate written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to effectively collaborate with multi-disciplinary groups and all organizational levels Preferred: Masters degree or PhD in a field such as Computer Science or Data Architecture Development knowledge and experience in Hadoop stack such as Spark, Hive, Impala Familiarity with statistical concepts and related technology (R, SAS, Matlab) is a plus. The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.