Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA At Google, we don't shy away from big, crazy ideas-and that's not just in our products. We aim to foster the healthiest workforce on the planet and our Benefits team is behind the wheel, driving these efforts. From retirement planning to financial literacy courses to healthy living campaigns, our Benefits team runs programs that are designed to keep our global Googlers healthy and happy. With more than 60 offices across the world, you're able to swiftly maneuver through the complexity of serving different legal and cultural practices, while also finding creative opportunities for giving our Googlers equitable support. You'll build an understanding of what "wellness' truly means to each Googler, and implement innovative programs as the population of Googlers grows in size and diversity. You are a mission-driven, enthusiastic team player with the creativity to develop and manage benefits programs. As a Benefits Wellness Specialist, you will be accountable for health program development, vendor management, program implementation, and data analysis demonstrating program impact. You are detail-oriented, analytical in your approach, action-oriented, and thrive in a fast-paced environment. You are “ready to roll up their sleeves” and willing to do whatever is needed to move an effort forward. You enjoy building solid working relationships with peers, cross-functional teams and vendor partners. You enjoy facilitating cooperative partnerships among multiple partners to achieve the most effective, efficient program for Googlers and their families. You have a proven track record in the health and wellness space of tackling ambitious goals and succeeding. You're an independent thinker who isn't afraid to ask questions. You are a mission- driven, enthusiastic team player with the creativity to develop, improve, and manage benefits wellness programs. You will be supporting and leading projects for Google’s US wellbeing and mental health programs. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Design, develop, and implement the delivery and management of globally relevant, culturally-appropriate, industry-leading wellness programs to positively influence business impact and help Googlers and their families be healthy and happy. Implement, analyze and report on relevant health and wellness programs, as well as using data analytics to ensure understanding of impact and outcomes against program objectives. Support the design, development, and delivery of health and wellbeing research pilots and experiments. Work with diverse third-party benefits vendors and contractors to manage the delivery of programs and interventions, and ensure alignment across key milestones and program deliverables, including all privacy, legal, security and related requirements are met. Work with cross-functional Google stakeholders, partners, and leaders to collaborate on effective and efficient program delivery of holistic health, wellness, fitness, nutrition, and mental health services. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years experience in a clinical, corporate health or worksite health promotion setting including program planning, development, implementation and evaluation. Experience in evaluating data and synthesizing trends into actionable interventions, and ideally broader plan strategy Experience in demonstrating results orientation, collaboration, flexibility, and adaptability. Preferred qualifications: Experience in corporate US benefits. Experience in managing benefits, health management, or corporate wellness vendors. Ability to engage and communicate with employees, understand their needs, and exceed their expectations in delivering benefits. Ability to assess the bigger picture, think outside the box, and implement team goals/objectives across the organization. Strong communication and influencing skills; ability to build relationships and working collaboratively across multiple offices and vendors. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.