Introduction THIS ANNOUNCEMENT HAS BEEN REISSUED FOR ADDITIONAL RECRUITMENT. APPLICANTS WHO PREVIOUSLY SUBMITTED AN APPLICATION NEED NOT RE-APPLY. THIS POSITION MAY CLOSE ANY TIME, BUT NO EARLIER THAN MARCH 16, 2018. Salary range: $124,228 - $168,298. Salary upon appointment will be based on candidate’s documented and substantiated exceptional skills and experience. Appointment Type: Permanent-Exempt. This position is exempt from Civil Service Commission rules pursuant to the City and County of San Francisco, Charter Section 10.104, and incumbents serve at the discretion of the Appointing Officer. SFO is a world-class, award-winning airport that served more than 54 million guests in 2016. SFO offers non-stop flights to 49 international cities on 41 international carriers. The Bay Area's largest airport also connects non-stop with 83 U.S. cities on 13 domestic airlines. In fiscal year 16/17, the Airport, an enterprise department of the City & County of San Francisco, accounted for $8.4 billion in business activity and supported over 42,800 direct jobs. SFO’s mission is to provide an exceptional airport in service to our communities and is committed to redefining air travel. SFO has embarked on the renovation of Terminal 1, the largest capital project in the Airport’s $7.3 billion Ascent Program. For more information, visit www.flysfo.com. View an Inside SFO video about careers at SFO. POSITION DESCRIPTION: Under the general direction of the ITT Managing Enterprise Architect, this position will be responsible for expanding the organization’s use of data as a strategic enabler of enterprise goals and objectives by designing, developing, and implementing data models for enterprise-level applications and systems through rigorous identification, facilitation, documentation and transformation of the data architecture across the enterprise. This will be achieved through participation in a variety of activities including gathering information, analyzing business needs, collaborating on strategy, communicating the transition, and ongoing maintenance of the architecture. While this position will have a heavy focus on data, additional background in the other disciplines of architecture (Business, Application, Technology, Infrastructure) would be highly desirable. Job Duties: Analyze and derive software requirements based on business and system requirement documents including the creation of the traceability and test criteria. Use experience in TOGAF, ADM, ZACHMAN and other EA Frameworks to support SFO’s Enterprise Architecture - Data Architecture Phase Development. Develop and deliver short and long-term strategic goals for enterprise data architecture vision. Create and implement overall data management tools and processes. Lead the design and delivery of an Enterprise Data Hub to converge silos into a single landscape. Lead the mapping of data sources, data movement, interfaces and analytic to ensure data quality. Conduct data capacity planning, life cycle, duration, usage requirements and feasibility studies. Develop and implement key components as needed to create testing criteria in order to guarantee the fidelity and performance of data architecture. Document the data architecture and environment in order to maintain a current and accurate view of the larger data picture. Use discovery / analysis skills to identify data attributes across multiple applications, document and resolve anomalies and gaps across data sources. Focus on collecting, parsing, managing, analyzing and visualizing large sets of data to turn information into insights using multiple platforms. Interview Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) and facilitate workshops to engage stakeholders to resolve data discrepancies and align stakeholders on common data taxonomy. Profile data using a variety of tools and techniques and present findings to project stakeholders to validate. Create or use Conceptual Data Models, Relationship Maps to integrate data across multiple data sources. Work with Database team, BI architects, development leads and Data SMEs to translate data requirements to design. Research/Identify potential data quality gaps such as completeness, standardization, validation, integrity, uniqueness, and cardinality. Work with the Systems and Software Engineering groups to deliver architecture to support enterprise class data services. Work with the Application Architect to realize optimal integrations between data warehouses and real-time message buses and web services. Architect, design and support the implementation and delivery of an Enterprise Data Hub with an overarching strategy that enables SFO to innovate data services to improve operations and gain business insights through analytics. Architect complex data systems and integrations to support real-time analytics, complex event processing, reporting and integrations with the SFO Enterprise Architecture Framework. Lead capacity planning and create technical requirements for implementations that scale enterprise wide including on-premise and cloud implementations. Apply continuous improvement techniques and continuous integration processes to provide faster and reliable delivery for new data services. Adhere to best practices to manage data services throughout the development lifecycle to production delivery that meet ISO 20000 Compliance for IT service management. Promote, support and adhere to a data governance model for the protection of all data. Work collaboratively across multi-disciplinary teams throughout the company as a subject matter expert in data architecture. Analyze and support the capability delivery for a wide variety of data: structured and unstructured, observational and experimental. Drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources. Advice senior management about the implications of data architecture for the organization. Develop a scalable, extensible and reliable distributed data architecture for our technology services and solutions. Work with Enterprise Architect to scope the requirements to build/extend large-scale data hubs, data ingestion, feature extraction, model development and risk scoring systems built on Big Data technologies. Ensure compliance with data and technology standards and with approved / agreed upon design and development patterns including design reviews. Perform other duties as assigned. Definition Working under general administrative direction, the Technology Expert plans, organizes, performs, delivers, directs and/or controls highly complex technology-related work products requiring industry or product expertise in broad areas of information technology. Minimum Qualifications _These minimum qualifications establish the education, training, experience, special skills and/or license(s) which are required for employment in the classification. Please note, additional qualifications (i.e., special conditions) may apply to a particular position and will be stated on the exam/job announcement._ Education: An associate degree in computer science or a closely related field from an accredited college or university OR its equivalent in terms of total course credits/units [i.e., at least sixty (60) semester or ninety (90) quarter credits/units with a minimum of twenty (20) semester or thirty (30) quarter credits/units in computer science or a closely-related field]; AND Experience: Five (5) years of recent and verifiable experience in enterprise database modeling and design of databases using Oracle, SQL Server, Hadoop, Cassandra, and other relational, NoSQL, documented and/or unstructured databases. Please note: The five (5) years of experiences requirement must be obtained within the last seven (7) years. Substitution: Additional experience as described above may be substituted for the required degree on a year-for-year basis (up to a maximum of two (2) years). Thirty (30) semester units or forty-five (45) quarter units equal one (1) year. Additional Requirement: In addition to meeting the minimum qualifications, this position requires sufficient strength and coordination of lifting, pushing, pulling and/or carrying the 35 Lbs. weight of computer systems equipment. It also requires bending, stooping and/or crawling in order to install or repair computer systems hardware (TST029). Working Condition: Essential duties require the following physical skills and work environment: Ability to work in a standard office environment which may involve prolonged sitting, bending and operation of typing, word processing and other office equipment; and ability to work evening meetings. The above minimum qualifications reflect special conditions associated with the position(s) to be filled. They may differ from the standard minimum qualifications associated with this classification. DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS: The stated desirable qualifications may be used to identify job finalists at the end of the selection process when candidates are referred for hiring. Recent and verifiable and recent experience in applications analysis, design and development, installing and maintaining complex systems and project management of applications development professionals. Excellent written and verbal technical communication skills. Expert knowledge of scripting languages and/or shell scripting. Recent and verifiable experience in architecting/designing large and complex data solutions. Recent and verifiable experience of full software development life-cycle experience, with proven track record of shipping product. Recent and verifiable experience with Security, machine learning, Cloud (S3, EC2, ELB, MapReduce, CloudFormation). Strong written and verbal communication skills. Ability to work with agile methodology, work independently and thrive in a fast paced work environment. Possession of a Bachelor’s degree in applied mathematics, statistics, computer science, physics, engineering or other relevant technical field; A Master’s degree is desirable. How To Apply Applications for City and County of San Francisco jobs are only accepted through an online process. Visit www.jobaps.com/sf to register an account (if you have not already done so) and begin the application process. Select the 9976 Technology Expert I – Data Architect (PEX-9976-077004) job announcement Select “Apply” and read and acknowledge the information Select either “I am a New User” if you have not previously registered, or “I have Registered Previously” Follow instructions on the screen Computers are available for the public (from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Monday through Friday) to file online applications in the lobby of the Dept. of Human Resources at 1 South Van Ness Avenue, 4th Floor, San Francisco, or the Airport Commission Human Resources at 710 N. McDonnell Road, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94128 for use by the public to apply for City jobs. The hours of operation are from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. Applicants may be contacted by email about this announcement and, therefore, it is their responsibility to ensure that their registered email address is accurate and kept up-to-date. Also, applicants must ensure that email from CCSF is not blocked on their computer by a spam filter. To prevent blocking, applicants should set up their email to accept CCSF mail from the following addresses (@sfgov.org, @sfdpw.org, @sfport.com, @flysfo.com, @sfwater.org, @sfdph.org, @asianart.org, @sfmta.com, @sfpl.org, @dcyf.org, @first5sf.org). Applicants will receive a confirmation email that their online application has been received in response to every announcement for which they file. Applicants should retain this confirmation email for their records. Failure to receive this email means that the online application was not submitted or received. All work experience, education, training and other information substantiating how you meet the minimum qualifications must be included on your application by the filing deadline. Information submitted after the filing deadline will not be considered in determining whether you meet the minimum qualifications. Applications completed improperly may be cause for ineligibility, disqualification or may lead to lower scores. If you have any questions regarding this recruitment or application process, please contact the exam analyst, Charlene Cun, by telephone at 650-821-2018, or by email at Charlene.Cun@flysfo.com. Note: Make sure your application and any attachments to the application submitted at the time of filing are complete and accurate and include details on all experience, education, training and other information that qualifies you for this recruitment. Failure to submit a complete and accurate application at the time of filing may result in your ineligibility for this recruitment. Only the most qualified applicants will continue on in the selection process. Verification: Applicants may be required to submit verification of qualifying education and experience at any point during the recruitment and selection process. If education verification is required, information on how to verify education requirements, including verifying foreign education credits or degree equivalency, can be found at http://sfdhr.org/index.aspx?page=456 Verification of qualifying experience, when requested, must be documented on the employer's business letterhead and must include the name of the applicant, job title(s), dates of employment, description of job duties performed, and signature of the employer or the employer’s authorized representative. Experience claimed in self-employment will only be accepted if supported by documents verifying income, earnings, business license and experience comparable to minimum qualifications above. Copies of income tax papers or other documents listing occupation and total earnings must be submitted. Employees of the City and County of San Francisco may submit performance evaluations showing duties performed to verify qualifying City experience. City employees will receive credit for the duties of the class to which appointed. Credit for experience obtained outside of the employee's class will be allowed only if recorded in accordance with the provisions of Civil Service Commission Rules. Verification may be waived if impossible to obtain. The applicant must submit a signed statement explaining why verification cannot be obtained. Waiver requests will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Failure to provide the required verification, or request for waiver when requested may result in rejection of application. Note: Falsifying one’s education, training, or work experience or attempted deception on the application may result in disqualification for this and future job opportunities with the City and County of San Francisco. Selection Procedures The selection process will include evaluation of applications in relation to minimum requirements. Applicants meeting the minimum qualifications are not guaranteed advancement to the interview. Depending on the number of applicants, the Department may establish and implement additional screening mechanisms to comparatively evaluate the qualifications of candidates. If this becomes necessary, only those applicants whose qualifications most closely meet the needs of the Department will be invited for an interview. Notes: Applicants who meet the minimum qualifications are not guaranteed advancement through all of the steps in the selection procedure. Transportation Security Administration (TSA) Security Clearance: Candidates for employment with the San Francisco Airport Commission are required to undergo a criminal history record check, including FBI fingerprints, and Security Threat Assessment in order to determine eligibility for security clearance and may be required to undergo drug/alcohol screening. Per Civil Service Commission Rule Section 110.9.1, every applicant for an examination must possess and maintain the qualifications required by law and by the examination announcement for the examination. Failure to obtain and maintain security clearance may be basis for termination from employment with the Airport Commission. Selection Procedures Notes: Candidates must pass each part of the selection procedure. Conclusion Reasonable Accommodation Request: Applicants with disabilities requiring reasonable accommodation for this examination can find information on requesting a reasonable accommodation at http://www.sfdhr.org/index.aspx?page=20applicantswithdisabilities General Information concerning City and County of San Francisco Employment Policies and Procedures: Important Employment Information for the City and County of San Francisco can be obtained at http://www.sfdhr.org/index.aspx?page=20 or hard copy at 1 South Van Ness Avenue, 4th Floor. Terms of Announcement and Appeal Rights: Applicants must be guided solely by the provisions of this announcement, including requirements, time periods and other particulars, except when superseded by federal, state or local laws, rules or regulations. Clerical errors may be corrected by the posting the correction on the Department of Human Resources website at www.jobaps.com/sf. The terms of this announcement may be appealed under Civil Service Rule 111A.35.1. The standard for the review of such appeals is ‘abuse of discretion’ or ‘no rational basis’ for establishing the position description, the minimum qualifications and/or the certification rule. Appeals must include a written statement of the item(s) being contested and the specific reason(s) why the cited item(s) constitute(s) abuse of discretion by the Human Resources Director. Appeals must be submitted directly to the Executive Officer of the Civil Service Commission within five business days of the announcement issuance date. Copies of Application Documents: http://www.sfdhr.org/index.aspx?page=20copies. Applicants are advised to keep copies of all documents submitted. Submitted documents become a permanent part of the exam record and will not be returned. The hiring department may require applicants to submit the same documents and/or additional documents at a later date. Right to Work: All persons entering the City and County of San Francisco workforce are required to provide verification of authorization to work in the United States. Recruitment Type: Permanent Exempt Full Time Re-Issued: February 14, 2018 Issued: May 22, 2017 Micki Callahan, Human Resources Director Department of Human Resources Recruitment ID Number: 077004 Airport/CC (650)821-2018 Benefits All employees hired on or after January 10, 2009 will be required (pursuant to San Francisco Charter Section A8.432) to contribute 2% of pre-tax compensation to fund retiree healthcare. In addition, most employees are required to make a member contribution towards retirement, ranging from 7.5%-13.25% of compensation. For more information on these provisions, please contact the personnel office of the hiring agency. For more information about benefits, please click here.