At GrayMatter, our goal is to transform operations and empower people. As digital transformations in every industry are underway, we partner with some of the largest companies in the world to help harness their data and use it to work smarter. After all, the industry is buzzing with talk of how to leverage the power of Big Data, the Internet of Things (IoT) and the Industrial Internet. We provide innovative, data-driven technology solutions for the industry’s most complex problems. Our customers lean on us to protect and connect their critical assets with their people so every operator is empowered to be the best operator. And that’s where you come in. GrayMatter is dedicated to create a team that has the best talent our industries have to offer. Our organizational cultures express a team-oriented environment, and encourages a successful future with vast learning opportunities. Our team understands that our core values are critical to our success and make our company stand above the rest. Accountability, Integrity, Respect, Innovation and Teamwork make up our DNA. Everyday, our team is doing amazing things such as: Protecting the nation’s water supply Improving US manufacturing operations Monitoring the nation’s power and oil & gas production Keeping our critical infrastructure safe from cyber attacks Can you see yourself doing this every day? Joining our team means being a part of a culture that lives by its core values. We’re making a difference every day. We're looking for a talented engineer in the Houston or Dallas area who has experience with Cygnet and Historian who is ready to help our team make a difference! Responsibilities: Configuring SCADA hardware and software (Cygnet, Historian, OPC Server/Driver) Modifying PLCs and HMI applications in the field Performing factory functional testing Developing and implementing solutions to resolve customer issues Training customers on how to operate products and application Implementing standard engineering practices Skills: Advanced computer skills Excellent analytical skills First-rate decision making skills Ability to multitask Problem solving skills with unstructured information Strong ability to research Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering or comparable Minimum of 3-5 years plus related experience in programming or related field Willing and able to travel Good knowledge of VBA Knowledge of computer hardware and network components Strong understanding of networking essentials and Microsoft operating systems A strong knowledge of current computer technology and TCP/IP configurations Experience with industrial programming software packages (i.e. Cygnet, Historian) Workplace: Benefits Include: Health, Dental, Vision, AFLAC, LTD (100% employer paid), 401K w/ employer matching, immediate vacation, expense reimbursement Positive work environment Team-oriented Salary based on work experience