Overview _Who we are:_ Tech Data is one of the world’s largest technology providers in IT distribution. Tech Data is currently ranked No. 107 on the Fortune 500® and has been named one of Fortune’s “World’s Most Admired Companies” for seven straight years. The Tech Data difference is in our people. Every day customers like Best Buy, CDW, Office Depot, etc… depend on us to help them cost-effectively support the technology needs of end users of all sizes, including small- and medium-sized businesses, large enterprises, educational institutions, government agencies, and consumers. Working for Tech Data, you will be supporting manufacturers such as, Apple, Brocade, Cisco, Dell, HP, IBM, Lenovo, Microsoft, Oracle, VMWare, etc… The video link below provides a glimpse into our world! Provide guidance and/or recommendations on IT solutions and system processes that address business need and adhere to current and future IT strategic direction. Address business user concerns and/or challenges on system functionality or project scope. Essential Duties & Responsibilities Required Serves as a functional system expert Participates in business report and requirement gathering Focuses on end-to-end processes and on cross functional impact Processes definition of business requirements Communicates to other specialists for world-wide best practice expertise and collaboration for System Development Cooperates with team members (super users, consultants, developers,) to identify system requirements and system design Consults with business on change-requests Provides advice for functional specifications and process design documentation Provides support to consultants and developers during the system construction phase, roll-out and post go-live phases Reviews and consults test scenarios, acceptance criteria and test scripts Supports functional, cross functional, integration, end-to-end, and user acceptance testing Participates in the development of end user training and knowledge transfer to country trainers and experts Ensures knowledge transfer to training specialist and reviews training material Provides post go-live support on-site and off-site Provides input into planning Focuses on end-to-end processes and on cross functional impact Provides reporting as required Works effectively across functional and technical teams to ensure communication and coordination of the solution and its delivery Additional duties as assigned Familiar with the Agile Methodology Meets attendance and punctuality standards Qualifications, Required Knowledge Skills & Abilities and Working Conditions Minimum 5+ years IT project and/or support experience with extensive knowledge associated systems utilized by the business unit in which the SME supports preferred Excellent analysis, communication and documentation skills required