Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leader in digital services with pro forma annual revenue of circa € 12 billion and circa 100,000 employees in 72 countries. Serving a global client base, the Group provides Consulting & Systems Integration services, Managed Services & BPO, Cloud operations, Big Data & Cyber-security solutions, as well as transactional services through Worldline, the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry. With its deep technology expertise and industry knowledge, the Group works with clients across different business sectors: Defense, Financial Services, Health, Manufacturing, Media, Utilities, Public sector, Retail, Telecommunications, and Transportation. Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. The Group is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and is listed on the Euronext Paris market. Atos operates under the brands Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Job Description Details: Mainframe systems programmer for IBM z/OS (MVS) operating systems to support all aspects of product installation, task and software documentation, data set naming convention, installation process, data copy and migration techniques, coding, dynamic activation and interrelationships with other PARMLIB or APF library members, product administration, change/problem management, implementation techniques, and hot site disaster recovery exercise documentation and demonstration. Task specific requirements include, but are not limited to, those identified below. Recent graduate for entry level analyst who has basic knowledge of IBM mainframe MVS software/hardware/operations/processes. Supporting z/OS 2.2 in DB2 and SAP environment Performance monitoring using IBM’s SMF, RMF, Omegamon Knowledge of z/OSMF IBM’s SMP/E software products installation and maintenance utility process. IBM’s Job Control Language (JCL) and utility programs (i.e. IEBGENER) to maintain z/OS software products. TSO ISPF panels. IBM’s SDSF, DFSMS, RACF. SAS Roles & Responsibilities - Provide technical support (install, customize, upgrade, administration, problem resolution, disaster recovery etc). Demonstrated skills in working with Remedy Problem/Change Management Systems, including EMIT Incident Management process. On Call duty rotation every 6-8 weeks. Strong communication skills to prepare presentations for management and work with vendors. Will be part of an integrated support team of ~10 MVS technical experts. Self starter and willingness to learn advanced MVS concepts via self study and on the job training by experienced team members. Your Application If you wish to apply for this position, please click below to complete our online application form and attach your CV in either Word, rtf or text format. Atos does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, sex, age, disability or sexual orientation. All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and relevant business requirements. We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to the applications process for people with disabilities.