ClearDATA is seeking a talented Cloud Systems Administrator - 3rd Shift to join our rapidly growing company. This is an excellent opportunity for you to leverage your technical skills and gain new skills in the world of hosted and managed services while being part of the Health Care revolution to the Cloud. You should be comfortable in this environment, or willing to learn and participate in it. We’re a close team of talented engineers, developers, operations, and management, so expect to be involved in many of the design decisions, schedule discussions and ideation around our next generation of products. We’re a distributed team, so your ability to communicate across offices is an important part of your day. What You’ll Do: Monitor AWS environments and respond in accordance with client playbooks. Conduct patching for AWS environments. Serve as first level support and triaging for customer tickets. Ability to make phone calls and troubleshoot accordingly. Perform other related duties as assigned. What You Need: Minimum of 1-2 years of systems administration experience, preferably in a cloud environment. Minimum of 1 years’ experience to AWS or other cloud environments (certifications are a definite plus). Experience with Linux, windows, or cloud systems. Ability to communicate effectively with the customer. Demonstrated flexibility while showing a high degree of organization. Willingness and ability to obtain the AWS certification within 3 months of hire. What Will Make You Stand Out: Bachelors degree in computer science. Scripting experience in python, bash, and PowerShell. AWS and/or Azure certifications Experience working in the healthcare industry Why You’ll Like Working Here: A dynamic company that rewards high-performers Be on the cutting edge of new technologies and services Collaborative team environment that values multiple perspectives and fresh thinking Servant leadership Management Business-casual dress code Flexible working hours Medical, Dental, Vision, HSA, Life and 401K Unlimited Vacation Stock options ClearDATA is an EEO/AA employer M/F/V/D