zulily is an online retailer obsessed with bringing our customers something special every day. Unique products from up-and-coming brands are featured alongside favorites from top brands, including clothing, home decor, accessories, toys and gifts, giving customers something new to discover each morning at an incredible price. We are fast-paced, innovative, data- and metric-driven. As a Machine Learning Engineer, you build and scale our machine learning and experimentation platforms and incorporate new features to drive model predictions. This is your opportunity to make a big impact - ranging from delivering a personalized customer experience to optimizing advertising spend to improving merchandising efficiencies. You work on cross-functional initiatives, such as service and container platforms, machine learning platforms, data security, distributed memory services, service monitoring, real-time experimentation, data transformations, and much more. Your services scale to support high volumes of traffic at low latency and high availability. Responsibilities: Build scalable machine learning services and data platforms Feature engineering to improve model performance on key business metrics QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor in Computer Science or related technical discipline or equivalent combination of education and experience. 3+ years of software development experience building and operating high traffic web services and platforms Familiarity with frameworks such as MLlib, scikit-learn, H2O, Torch, TensorFlow, Theano, Caffe Experience with Spark, Hadoop, Pig, MapReduce technologies Excellent written and verbal communication skills Demonstrated personal initiative and strong ownership of deliverables Ability to explore new ideas and have a passion to make them happen Highly Preferred: Backgound with Amazon Web Services a plus Master's degree zulily is an Equal Opportunity Employer zulily participates in E-Verify. zulily will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. You may reach us at (206) 388-0920.