Job Description: Job Context Information Information Technology (IT) provides technology services, support and solutions to drive the mission of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America (ELCA) and ensure that the data sources of the enterprise systems inform and support the strategic direction and intent of the churchwide organization. _People_ _delivering and supporting technology solutions in a secure, friendly, consistent, and cost-effective manner to assist_ _people_ _in accomplishing the shared purpose and vision for the ELCA._ _Job Purpose_ IT Systems Administrator (Level 2) is responsible for installing, configuring and maintaining servers, applications and related tools that combine to provide IT services offered by the ELCA churchwide office. This role serves the organization by maintaining the performance, security and reliability of the systems that host the organization’s IT services. Job Responsibilities 1\. Maintain ELCA servers, storage, network equipment and attached devices.This includes, but is not limited to, installation of hardware, operating systems, applications; updating/patching operating systems and applications; monitoring systems for status, overall health, security, and performance; troubleshooting issues that arise. 2\. Completing projects as assigned by manager. 3\. Documentation of relevant systems, services, processes and procedures. 4\. Providing metrics as assigned by manager. 5\. Secondary escalation point for IT Service Desk, primary escalation point for Infrastructure Technicians and IT System Administrator (Level 1) 6\. Incident and service request response.This includes opening tickets and working with external vendors. 7\. Identify and report gaps or inefficiencies in current procedures, suggest remedies to manager. 8\. Performs other duties as required Travel. Infrequent air or automobile travel may be required to either support a remote site or attend training. Physical Requirements While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk, hear, and see. Standing, walking, stooping, kneeling, crouching, or crawling may be required. The employee will need to lift boxes or materials up to 45 pounds. Reasonable accommodations can be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Required Experience: 1\. Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills 2\. Demonstrated proficiency in administering Windows Server services including (at a minimum) Active Directory, DNS, Group Policy. 3\. Familiarity with administration of at least one application or service other than Windows Server.Examples include, but are not limited to, VMware, Exchange, Microsoft System Center products, Cisco networking, CommVault backup & restore. 4\. Strong listening, writing, and verbal communications skills. 5\. Ability to think logically 6\. Must be able to handle confidential data in a professional manner. 7\. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related discipline or equivalent experience. Preferred Skills 1\. Process automation and scripting skills a plus. 2\. At least 3 years overall IT experience, including 1 year of Help Desk or end-user support. Keyword: IT Systems Administrator (Level 2) From: Evangelical Lutheran Church in America