Basic Function & Scope of Job This position assists with a wide variety of tasks throughout the department. This encompasses: performing shipping and receiving functions to include processing incoming and outgoing U.S. mail and commercial shipments; purchasing and routine administrative activities; helping to maintain furniture and equipment to include insuring that the classrooms, lobbies and other common areas are properly configured; performing minor office moves and post-move adjustments; and assisting with the Recycling, Safety and Security, and Switchboard operations, and other duties as required. Essential Functions Sort, prepare and deliver incoming and outgoing U.S. mail, commercial shipments and interoffice mail. Prepare (collect, assemble, sort, meter, bundle, and bag) outbound permit-type mail and other commercial mail shipments. Operate mail processing equipment. Determine appropriate postage and shipping rates and affix to outbound shipments; prepare air-bills and bills of lading, special service documents, customs declarations and other related documentation. Pick-up incoming mail and shipments from, and deliver outbound mail and shipments to postal facilities and other locations as required. Perform routine administrative tasks in support of Purchasing, Mail Services, Fixed Assets, and other department activities. Calculate and prepare charge back data and reports, and replenish postage meters as required. Insure that all classrooms, lecture halls, lounges, common-area spaces are properly configured. Perform room set-ups and re-sets as required. Ensure that the department equipment remains operational and that the facilities are kept in a safe and clean condition. Report malfunctions, and make sure that the repairs are completed and documented. Maintain and replenish all Mail room forms and supplies. Assist at the Customer Service Center, respond to questions, process mail and handle other requests and service activities. Provide backup assistance throughout the department to include Safety and Security and Switchboard duties as assigned. Qualifications, Education & Experience Be able to read blueprints, schematics, graphs, and operating instructions. Extrapolate and apply information from multiple sources. Have the ability to identify potential problems, develop solutions and project the consequences of actions taken. Possess a well-rounded knowledge of facility operations to include experience in any of the following areas: carpentry, electrical, HVAC, life-safety, painting & trim, plumbing, or other building systems. Communicate clearly and effectively orally and in writing. Establish and maintain effective working relationships within the department and throughout the university. Be able to sit, stand, bend and walk for extended periods, and climb up-and-down ladders, scaffolding, and stairwells. Must be able to lift and move heavy objects (up to 150 pounds) using carts and hand-trucks. Be able to properly operate a wide variety of power tools, motorized hand-trucks and equipment. Must be available to work varied hours (to include evenings, weekends, and holidays) depending on operational needs. Must possess superb customer-service skills. Education & Experience Completion of at least the equivalent of the 12th grade. Additional trade or technical coursework emphasizing any of the building trades (carpentry, electrical, HVAC, life-safety, plumbing, etc.) is desirable. Any combination of experience and training that would likely provide the required knowledge and abilities qualified. Prior work experience at a college or university is desirable. Trade-technical licensing and CPR certification are desirable. Supplemental Information To apply: Please go to http://www.ggu.edu/jobs and submit an application, letter of interest, and a resume. In applying for a position, candidates sign a consent authorizing a broader inquiry which may include reference checks, a motor vehicle check, and a third party background check. Golden Gate University is an equal employment opportunity employer. We support inclusive excellence and are committed to creating a safe and welcoming community for all. University policy prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, gender stereotyping, and gender identity, taking a protected leave (e.g. family medical or pregnancy leave), or on any other basis protected by applicable laws. The University has a strong commitment to the principles of diversity and inclusion, and to maintaining working and learning environments that reinforces these practices. The University welcomes and encourages applications from all especially women, minorities, people of color, veterans, persons with disabilities, and members of the LGBTQI community. Golden Gate University annually collects information about campus crimes and other reportable incidents in accordance with the Federal Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act. To view the Golden Gate University Report, please go to http://www.ggu.edu/media/employee/documents/facilities/street-smarts-annual- security-report.pdf (Download PDF reader).