Start your manufacturing career today! Job Summary Entry-level Production Workers (internally titled General Factory) are exposed to various entry level manufacturing jobs available at the plant to develop the skills required to advance to positions requiring a high level of technical knowledge and ability. Job Responsibilities Stack corrugated off machines; Retrieve ink (40), cutting dies (50), and printing dies (50) and stock supplies Stack bundled corrugated boxes in proper style bale and per instructions on job tickets Bundle including breaking apart die cut pads Prepare bottom sheets and tie sheets to the correct size and bring to the machines Prepare load tags per instructions and attach to loads Understand pallet identification and load count Observe quality guidelines. Push/pull bales of corrugated on conveyors (250) Cross train on other machines and in other departments Comply with all company policies and procedures, including safety and maintaining good housekeeping Assist as needed in all areas of production and perform other duties as assigned. Perform data entry into terminal / PC. Follow / interpret written instruction. Housekeeping Feed Baler Weigh Scrap carts Sorting and rework, hand gluing Painting Help in maintenance Outdoor housekeeping including snow removal Benefits of Working at KapStone The starting rate of pay is $15.88/hour (after 30 days the rate increases to $18.87/hour). Opportunities for advancement (Career options for positions such as: Machine Operator, Maintenance Mechanic, Forklift Drivers Customer Service Representative, Sales/Account Manager, Shift Lead, Production Supervisor, and more!) Additional pay for working 2nd or 3rd shift Annual pay increases 11 paid holidays Earn up to 4 weeks of vacation (with years of service) Financial, Health and Wellness Programs available to eligible employees including: 401(k), Medical, Prescription, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Employee Assistance and more! Applicants for this position must be... Willing and able to work any shift, 1st, 2nd, or 3rd. You will not have a choice about which shift you work. Willing and able to work mandatory overtime, which may include extended weekday hours, frequent Saturdays, and occasional Sundays. Requirements A general understanding of safety practices in a manufacturing environment Basic knowledge of quality assurance principles Willingness to follow work rules and procedures especially in regards to safety, quality and attendance A commitment to alerting the management team when safety, quality or other production issues arise Ability to read and understand production specifications Strong reasoning and problem solving skills General computer skills such as the ability to navigate through program screens Willingness to take initiative, learn new skills and help team members Able to safely maneuver around our machines -- some of which are in tight quarters Ability to climb into and around tight quarters of machines Able to lift up to 50's regularly Able to lift and move up to 10's frequently Able to stand for extended periods of time Able to withstand prolonged exposure to high heat and humidity indoors (during the summer months), and cold winter weather for outdoor facilities maintenance, as needed Willing to work shifts up to 12 hours Willing to work frequent Saturdays and occasional Sundays Ability to communicate effectively, verbally and in writing, in the English language About KapStone KapStone Container - Twin Cities - is located just north of the Twin Cities/Metro Area in Fridley, MN. KapStone Container Twin Cities is a manufacturing facility that produces corrugated boards which we then use to make packaging containers (boxes). Our in-house printing, design and display creation capabilities separate us from our competitors and make us one of the best businesses in the industry. This, along with our commitment to excellence, quality and customer service, is the reason we are used by major companies across the Midwest. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled