JOB SUMMARY We are looking for a highly motivated problem-solver to join the business intelligence efforts of a Fortune 250 company. The ideal candidate will leverage his/her experience in financial modeling and data analytics to drive actionable insights and recommendations for senior management and the broader business. The senior business analyst will work with a cross-functional team in the collection and usage of data. This role focuses on developing scenario planning tools/models (exit/maintain/grow), preparing forecasts, and analyzing trends in general business conditions drawing from internal and external datasets. A resourceful and creative problem-solving mindset is critical to this person’s and the overall team’s success. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Performs ad-hoc, strategic analyses and reporting of structured and unstructured data across multiple data sources utilizing a variety of tools (i.e. SSRS, Tableau, Excel). Translates questions and business requirements into technical requirements for reports, dashboards, and BI query objects. Defines data requirements and gathers and validates information, using judgment and statistical tests. Builds and maintains relationships across the organization in data collection and usage to streamline and improve business practices Identifies opportunities to maximize data usage, applying modeling and optimization methods to develop new strategies and improve business performance. Exhibits analytical rigor, judgment, and ability to present a comprehensive 'data story' to multiple levels of the organization. Implements the use of regression and machine learning techniques to predict operational issues and opportunities Leverages data visualization techniques to construct compelling narratives Navigates and mines large data sets, connecting data from disparate sources to identify insights and patterns using traditional as well as predictive and prescriptive analytics SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position. Provides informal assistance such as technical guidance and/or training to coworkers. May coordinate and assign tasks to co-workers within a work unit and/or project. QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE Bachelor's degree preferably with major in computer science, engineering, mathematics, economics, or finance. Other degrees considered based on work experience. Minimum of 3 years of experience in quantitative analysis, financial modeling, data modeling, reporting. Former experience in investment banking and management consultants is favorable. Masters/Management Information Systems (MIS) or related field preferred. SQL, SAS and/or SPSS including 3-5 years technical experience in software development, machine learning or statistical analysis, data engineering and data visualization related work. CERTIFICATES and/or LICENSES None. COMMUNICATION SKILLS Excellent communication skills including written, verbal, and listening. Strong organizational and analytical skills with high attention to detail. Ability to provide efficient, timely, reliable and courteous service to internal customers. Effective presentation skills and synthesis of complex information sets into digestible and actionable insights. Ability to work well both independently and with others under pressure / tight deadlines. Strong focus on the big picture of the business and our greater team goals. Proactive approach to problem solving and helping others. Team player with strong work ethic and a focus on constant improvement. FINANCIAL KNOWLEDGE Requires advanced knowledge of financial terms and principles. Ability to calculate intermediate figures such as percentages, discounts and commissions. Conducts advanced financial analysis. REASONING ABILITY Ability to comprehend, analyze, and interpret complex documents. Ability to solve problems involving several options in situations. Requires intermediate analytical and quantitative skills. Must be a creative thinker and have a problem-solving mindset. OTHER SKILLS and ABILITIES Required knowledge in MS Office Products (Excel, Power Point, Word, etc) with strong emphasis on Excel. Ability to use query and report generation tools including self-service/web-based applications. Preference for experience with or desire to learn programming and analytical tools, including open source programs (e.g., Python, R and SAS, SQL, Oracle, or similar relational database tools) to formulate models and/or extract insights. Well versed in knowledge of creating algorithms, identifying patterns and insights from structured and unstructured data sets utilizing graphs, trees and/or other data representation techniques as required. SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY Decisions made with thorough understanding of procedures, company policies, and business practices to achieve general results and deadlines. Responsible for setting work unit and/or project deadlines. Errors in judgment may cause short-term impact to department.