Doximity is transforming the healthcare industry. Our mission is to help doctors save time so they can provide better care for patients. We value diversity — in backgrounds and in experiences. Healthcare is a universal concern, and we need people from all backgrounds to help build the future of healthcare. Our data team is deliberate and self-reflective about the kind of team and culture that we are building, seeking data engineers and scientists that are not only strong in their own aptitudes but care deeply about supporting each other's growth. We have one of the richest healthcare datasets in the world, and our team brings a diverse set of technical and cultural backgrounds. You will join a small team of Software Engineers focusing on Data Engineering Infrastructure to build and maintain all aspects of our data pipelines, ETL processes, data warehousing, ingestion and overall data stack. How you’ll make an impact: Help establish robust solutions for consolidating data from a variety of data sources. Establish data architecture processes and practices that can be scheduled, automated, replicated and serve as standards for other teams to leverage. Collaborate extensively with the DevOps team to establish best practices around server provisioning, deployment, maintenance, and instrumentation. Build and maintain efficient data integration, matching, and ingestion pipelines. Build instrumentation, alerting and error-recovery system for the entire data infrastructure. Spearhead, plan and carry out the implementation of solutions while self-managing. Collaborate with product managers and data scientists to architect pipelines to support delivery of recommendations and insights from machine learning models. What we’re looking for: Fluency in Python, SQL mastery. Ability to write efficient, resilient, and evolvable ETL pipelines. Experience with data modeling, entity-relationship modeling, normalization, and dimensional modeling. Experience building data pipelines with Spark and Kafka. Comprehensive experience with Unix, Git, and AWS tooling. Astute ability to self-manage, prioritize, and deliver functional solutions. Nice to have: Experience with MySQL replication, binary logs, and log shipping. Experience with additional technologies such as Hive, EMR, Presto or similar technologies. Experience with MPP databases such as Redshift and working with both normalized and denormalized data models. Knowledge of data design principles and experience using ETL frameworks such as Sqoop or equivalent. Experience designing, implementing and scheduling data pipelines on workflow tools like Airflow, or equivalent. Experience working with Docker, PyCharm, Neo4j, Elasticsearch, or equivalent. About Doximity We’re thrilled to be named theFastest Growing Company in the Bay Area, ( http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/doximity-is-fastest-growing-company- in-bay-area-per-deloittes-2016-technology-fast-500-300367390.html ) and one ofFast Company’s Most Innovative Companies ( https://www.fastcompany.com/most- innovative-companies/2018/sectors/social-media ). Joining Doximity means being part of an incredibly talented and humble team. We work on amazing products that over 70% of US doctors (and over one million healthcare professionals) use to make their busy lives a little easier. We’re driven by the goal of improving inefficiencies in our $2.5 trillion U.S. healthcare system and love creating technology that has a real, meaningful impact on people’s lives. To learn more about our team, culture, and users, check out our careers page ( https://workat.doximity.com/ ), company blog ( https://blog.doximity.com/ ), and engineering blog ( https://engineering.doximity.com/ ). We’re growing fast, and there’s plenty of opportunities for you to make an impact—join us! Doximity is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.