At AREVO, our team is taking 3D printing technology to the next level. We are 3D printing ultra strong composite parts exceeding the strength of titanium. We have invented the world’s strongest composite materials, True3D printing and robotic arm based factory of the future manufacturing cells — and this is just the beginning. With our technology, we are making lightweight production parts for aerospace, industrial, consumer and medical industries enabling new applications for additive manufacturing. We are looking for a seasoned Business Analyst to build out the foundational capabilities of Arevo to enable us to scale unimpeded in 2018 and beyond. Our ideal candidate will have a mix of business analytics, strategic planning, demonstrated operational progress with strong program management skills. Our Business Analyst will report directly to the CEO and will be engaged in a wide breadth of functional activities at Arevo. To be successful in this role, you should be highly professional, a outside of the box thinker and proactive - capable of a high degree of self-direction. You will also play a significant role shaping the company’s strategic planning. Responsibilities Develop and end-to-end cost model for the company Develop a capacity planning model for company Develop an uber operating quantitative model for the company Program manage a wide variety of key projects across the company on an as-needed basis Help develop and manage the operating infrastructure for the company including Strategic Planning, objectives and key results Act as the interim CFO Help develop and implement key aspects of Arevo’s strategic plan including, but not limited to product positioning, value proposition, competitive analysis, Set current and long-term goals Manage key budgets and cash flow of the company Assist the CEO in developing key processes to enable the effective scaling of Arevo Develop and track rigorous and actionable metrics and success criteria for key operating parameters for the company Manage our hiring planning and staffing engagements Participate in the quarterly and annual planning of the company’s objectives Become an expert in our offering, promoting our product both internally and externally. Requirements Is a self-starter who is able to define strategy and execute. Thrives working in a lean and agile environment and with small, exceptionally talented teams. Ideally has some early-stage company experience. Has a superb strategic mind. Ability to coordinate cross-functionally. This individual ideally has a background in consulting (such as BCG, Bain or McKinsey) Outstanding quantitative analytics and modelling skills. Excellent communications skills and successful track record with strategic planning and client engagements. Strong leadership and collaborative skills. Able to work with all parts of the organization. Displays an absolute passion for the Arevo’s mission. Has a willingness to sacrifice and work tirelessly for the success of our overall mission. Ideally the candidate as an Engineering or technical undergraduate degree with an MBA. Previous experience in plastics, composites and/or advanced materials a plus.