Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking a leader to manage our Pages Integrity team within the Business Integrity Organization. Business Integrity's mission is to ensure safe and trusted connections between people, businesses, and Facebook. Our team works together to anticipate and predict potential threats to our platform, design and build tools to protect against these threats, and then implement and enforce these systems at scale. We leverage data analysis, machine learning and a robust infrastructure to review the quality of promoted content on our platform. We partner closely with several cross-functional teams, including product, engineering, and data science, to ensure high quality and safe experiences for both people and businesses across the Facebook family of apps. This person will build a team that will develop, implement, and iterate on the operational strategy needed to ensure the integrity of our Pages ecosystem. Candidates will be data-driven, collaborative, and comfortable in a fast-paced environment. This leader will be expected to think creatively about nebulous issues and solve complex problems impacting our business. This person will be a strong people leader who can demonstrate a sustained ability to hire and develop strong talent. They will also be able to work successfully across teams and countries. This role is based in Austin or Menlo Park and reports to the Global Business Integrity Director. RESPONSIBILITIES Shape strategy and operations of our Pages Integrity team, identify and assess risks and opportunities, develop review workflows to minimize and manage risk, to ensure trust and safety on our platforms Develop and drive operations to enable and maintain quality in the ecosystem, across multiple teams, ensuring timely and thoughtful response, and scalable processes Develop in partnership with multiple functions in multiple geographies, principles for Page policy development and enforcement, and decisions Use insights gleaned from investigations and other inputs to proactively mitigate risk to advertisers and users and to inform and improve operations and execution Interface and consult regularly with cross-functional groups and leaders both internally and externally Develop domain expertise across Business Integrity, informed by trends in business and technology including knowledge of current/potential Facebook business models and customer needs Build and manage a team with domain expertise and agility Develop, coach, mentor, and ensure high performance without burnout MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree in an analytical field (such as Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Finance, or similar) 12+ years of experience in strategic and operational roles, within the online advertising domain or related space Experience working with global teams and customers PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 10+ years management experience in a role involving policy, strategy or operations Experience managing with ambiguity and principles in a high-pressure environment Ability to work with people at all levels both inside and outside of Facebook