The L&D Program Manager/Consultant will manage a variety of programs and activities that accelerate the development of employee and manager capability within the business. The successful candidate will have a strong background in training and development design, execution and delivery in a corporate environment. Strong stakeholder management & project management skills are a must. Responsibilities include: Design and development of programs online, instructor-led, blended learning, classroom and supplemental training materials (i.e., user guides, videos, and job aids) that are functional, engaging, informative, and consistent with sound instructional design principles. Utilize industry information, internal assessments, and other data to understand critical needs & opportunities and design initiatives to meet those gaps. Drive leadership alignment to proposed programs. Develop standard repeatable metrics to measure short term and long term impact of programs. Partner with team members and stakeholders to ensure alignment of projects and initiatives. Qualifications Undergraduate degree and 5+ years relevant experience or Graduate degree and 3+ years relevant experience in L&D program/project management is required Experience working in the Technology industry heavily preferred Instructional Design experience in a corporate environment is required Strong public speaking and presentation skills required Experience leading complex programs of work with multiple stakeholders/partners Excellent written and verbal communication Experience leading end-to-end, instructional design process-based methodology (analysis, design, development, implementation, and evaluation) to create curriculum program Strong public speaking and presentation skills required Ideal candidate should be able to respond quickly and positively to change and the challenges and opportunities it brings Ability to thrive in an ambiguous environment Strong understanding of adult learning theory and learning styles with a global perspective a must Must possess the ability to work successfully with different personality types across the team and the organization Strong consulting skills across all levels of the organization required Excellent research and benchmarking abilities Vendor management Must be proficient in Microsoft Office suite applications, including Word, Excel, Outlook. Expertise in PowerPoint required Workday experience preferred Job type: Experienced Hire Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Texas, Plano Additional Locations: Posting Statement: McAfee prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.