Who We're Looking For: We are seeking a recent college graduate who is looking to hone their analytical skills in a data-rich setting. With over 90,000 calls handled per day, we have a wealth of information and are looking for a curious individual to assist in the conversion of this data into actionable reports through speech analytics and the reporting tool within Ytica. The ideal candidate would have have the willingness to learn as much about National Debt Relief, in addition to knowledge of basic mathematical concepts. Meet some of our team members! Principal Duties and Responsibilities: Use data to formulate meaningful insights and present data in a clear and accessible way Assist in the creation and maintenance of reports and dashboards for department heads and stakeholders Conduct thorough investigations of calls, behaviors, or metrics using data from Ytica and Salesforce Develop drafts of training materials for the reporting tool within Ytica Act as a source of knowledge within the company; respond to requests for assistance or custom reporting in a timely and professional manner Calibrate speech analysis tools and build reports to yield actionable results Learn to utilize MAQL to create custom metrics Qualifications: Recent undergraduate with quantitative coursework (Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, etc.) Ability to communicate clearly both through written materials and presentation What We Offer: We believe in a team-first culture, full of rewards and recognition for our employees. We are dedicated to our employees’ success and growth within the company, through our employee mentorship and leadership programs. Our extensive benefits package includes: Medical, Dental, and Vision Benefits 401(k) Match Paid Holidays, Sick Days, and Vacation 6 Weeks Paid Parental Leave Pre-tax Transit Benefits Discounted Gym Membership No-cost Life Insurance Benefits About National Debt Relief: National Debt Relief is one of the country’s largest and most reputable debt settlement companies. We are made up of energetic, smart, and compassionate individuals who are passionate about helping thousands of Americans with debt relief. Most importantly, we’re all about helping our customers through a tough financial time in their lives with education and individual customer service. We are dedicated to helping individuals and families rid their lives of burdensome debt. We specialize in debt settlement and have negotiated settlements for thousands of creditor and collections accounts. We provide our clients with both our expertise and our proven results. This means helping consumers in their time of hardship to get out of debt with the least possible cost. It can also mean conducting financial consultations, educating the consumer, and recommending the appropriate solution. Our core services offer debt settlement as an alternative to bankruptcy, credit counseling, and debt consolidation. We become our clients' number one advocate to help them reestablish financial stability as quickly as possible. See what Glassdoor has to say about working at National Debt Relief! _National Debt Relief is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law._