Security Analyst 2 Emerging I. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES The Department of Information Resources (DIR) requires the services of one Security Analyst, hereafter referred to as Worker(s), who meets the general qualifications of ITSAC Security Analyst 2 Category, Emerging Technology Type and the specifications outlined in this document for the Texas Health and Human Services Commission (HHSC) Information Technology (IT). All work products resulting from the project shall be considered “works made for hire” and are the property of the HHSC. HHSC may include pre-selection requirements that potential Vendors (and their Workers) submit to and satisfy criminal background checks as authorized by the Texas law. HHSC will pay no fees for interviews or discussions, which occur during the process of selecting a Worker(s). The HHSC Enterprise Data Warehouse project is currently conducting vendor solicitation. This position resides with the HHSC-IT Enterprise Data Warehouse project team and is responsible for providing guidance and oversight to the development and implementation of security and networking designs for the Enterprise Data Warehouse. The EDW Security / Networking Specialist will involve work both with the Contractor selected to develop and design the Enterprise Data Warehouse and with the internal HHSC networking and security teams to ensure EDW compliance with all security requirements and to validate that networking designs will support the EDW capacity and performance requirements for data acquisition and publication. The position will report to the EDW Project Manager. Project activities will be performed within HHS agency facilities in Austin. The core project team will initially be located at the HHSC Winters Building C facility. High level responsibilities will include: Conduct assessment of security requirements for an enterprise data warehouse containing Personal Health Information (PHI). Conduct reviews and validation of proposed security designs in order to ensure compliance with all required security parameters. Conduct assessment of networking requirements for data acquisition and data publication for an enterprise data warehouse. Working with various HHSC, Texas Department of Information Resources, and Contractor networking teams to design and implement networking enhancements to ensure all EDW networking needs are fully addressed – bandwidth, performance, and security. Conduct review and validation of networking design to ensure end to end monitoring and issue tracking is available. Participation in review of deliverables, as requested. Participation in planning and design sessions, as requested. II. WORKER SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Minimum Requirements: Years Skills/Experience 5 Work experience in the IT industry. 5 Experience designing, configuring, and administering systems and procedures to ensure the protection of information processed, stored, or transmitted. 5 Demonstration of: Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Ability to communicate to project management any project issues and on-going progress. 5 Demonstration of: Effective risk management skills. Expert problem resolution skills. 5 Experience with MS Project, MS Office, Visio, and status reporting tools. 3 Experience with state of the art network hardware and software components for a large, heterogeneous data center environment. 2 Experience with end to end monitoring of network behavior and performance tuning using state of-the-art tools. 2 Experience with network troubleshooting, problem identification, and resolution using state–of the-art tools in an enterprise environment. 2 Experience installing firewalls, data encryption, and other IT security measures. 1 Experience with large network support organization policies and procedures. Peferences: Years Skills/Experience 1+ Prior experience in the Healthcare Industry. 1+ Work experience within a Health and Human Services agency. 1 Experience Developing and maintaining network configuration documentation and firewall configuration documentation. 1 Familiarity with Oracle system database environment. (especially RAC/Exadata and Exalogic environment). III. TERM OF SERVICE Services expect to start February 1, 2016 and are expected to be completed by August 31, 2016. Total estimated Worker hours shall not exceed 1300 hours. This service may be amended, renewed, and/or extended providing both parties agree to do so in writing. IV. WORK HOURS AND LOCATION A. Services shall be provided during normal business hours unless otherwise coordinated through the HHSC. Normal business hours are Monday through Friday from 8:00 AM through 5:00 PM, excluding State holidays when the agency is closed. B. The primary Work location will be at 701 W. 51st Street, Austin, Texas. Any and all travel, per diem, parking, and/or living expenses shall be at the Worker’s and/or Vendor’s expense. C. HHSC will provide pre-approved, written authorization for travel for any services to be performed away from the primary work location(s). Pre-approved travel expenses are limited to the rates and comply with the rules prescribed by the State of Texas for travel by its classified employees, including any requirement for original receipts. D. The Worker(s) may be required to work outside the normal business hours on weekends, evenings and holidays, as requested. Payment for work over 40 hours will be at the hourly rate quoted and must be coordinated and pre-approved through HHSC. RESPONSE DEADLINE for consideration and should be received by January 11, 2016 @ 5:00 PM (CT).