Auto req ID: 153843BR Job Description Job Description: The Application Security Assessment Team has a wide range of vulnerability assessment responsibilities covering diverse technologies - including web applications, mobile applications, dynamic scanning, static code scanning, secure code consultation, etc. The essence of this role is articulate web or mobile applications risks or vulnerability exposures against attacker methodology, in consideration of possible mitigations, and in relation to business impact. The ideal candidate will have expertise in one or more technical areas and a proven track record as a self-starter capable of quickly getting up to speed in new technologies. This will be necessary to research new vulnerabilities as well as troubleshoot possible issues that may occur with scan engines, remediation workflow tools, and/or reporting features. The role requires data analysis skills, the capability to identify, suggest, and implement process improvements. An ability to perform scripted automation is a plus. Key Responsibilities: Perform regular dynamic application scans of environment and recommend prioritized remediation of vulnerabilities found Ability to build web applications and run through automated static code scanner Ability to read Java or .Net code Work closely with internal security teams and external business partners to resolve complex security issues Evaluate current systems and procedures, researching trend, and anticipate requirements Design, recommend, and implement security improvements Identify abnormalities, flag problems, and report violations Perform analysis and correlation of security events from multiple vulnerability assessment sources Provide reporting and metrics to management when appropriate PepsiCo values diversity. The Attack Surface Management team values grit over pedigree. If you're concerned this description may not describe you exactly, please apply anyway! All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity Qualifications/Requirements Qualifications/Requirements: Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline Experience: 4+ years of prior IT experience with progressive responsibility 1 - 3 years of prior security experience with progressive responsibility Understanding of web or mobile application development and build process Understanding of the software development lifecycle and various tools involved Technical expertise in one or more of: software development(any language), web/mobile application development, application support, automation, API or web services Knowledge of network protocols, software stacks, encryption, authentication and authorization mechanisms, and security monitoring and response techniques Must possess excellent communication skills (written, verbal) and be able to work with technical and non-technical individuals alike Desired Requirements: Security certification (e.g. CEH, OSCP, CISSP, SANS etc.) Demonstrated experience with software development or web application support Relocation Eligible: Not Applicable Job Type: Regular All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy Please view our Pay Transparency Statement