Education/Work Experience: High School graduate or equivalent required Associate or bachelor degree in a Computer Information Systems related area of study preferred or related work experience may be substituted Two years or more of computer operations, help desk or PC Support experience in a high volume call center is required Minimum two years of experience using TCP/IP and basic networking concepts in a LAN/WAN environment Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Ability to read and communicate in the English language. Understanding of the continuous process to safeguard protected health information and business information assets. Ability to use technology in the support of information privacy and business security requirements. Advanced working knowledge of Windows 7, client/network configuration, and Active Directory. Help Desk experience with Citrix and related technologies is highly desirable. Strong analytical skills and technical aptitude. A methodical and disciplined approach to problem solving. Exceptional organizational and multi-tasking skills. Ability to organize and execute on multiple high priority tasks. Initiative to consistently improve technical skills and knowledge. Knowledge of iPhone/iPad troubleshooting, maintenance and configuration is preferred. Very strong communications skills, focusing on assessing, documenting, and relaying information related to technology issues. A+ and Network+ preferred. HDI and/or ITIL certification is also preferred. Experience in a healthcare setting is a plus. Must have schedule flexibility to support hospital operations as needed Responsible for providing quality technical support for all computer related issues, including software, hardware, and network related issues. Provides basic telecommunication maintenance, and configuration/support of mobile devices. Enters all user reported issues into the ServiceDesk Plus ticketing system, with very descriptive detail, including all trouble shooting steps and resolution when applicable. Performs initial information gathering and problem analysis (with a focus on first contact resolution), referring unresolved and/or urgent issues to the appropriate next level support personnel. Provide high-quality customer service, meeting the service level goals and expectations of the organization. Follow-up on open activities and provide regular updates to the customer as to the status and work progress. Will also be responsible for completing IS project work as necessary. Must be available for flexible scheduling on a 24/7/365 basis. Responsible for the daily monitoring and operation of all data center equipment. Performs the initial problem analysis for this equipment, reporting any problems to the appropriate personnel, and maintains the appropriate monitoring logs/Service Desk Plus tickets. Performs all daily production in accordance with the production schedule, as well as, additional requests submitted during the day. Other duties as assigned. Jefferson Health delivers state-of-the-art healthcare services to patients throughout the Delaware Valley and southern New Jersey. Jefferson (Philadelphia University + Thomas Jefferson University) provides more than 7,800 students from nearly 40 states and 40 countries with 21 st century professional education. We have 30,000 employees. Jefferson Health , with 14 hospitals (three are Magnet-designated by the ANCC for nursing excellence) and 50+ outpatient and urgent care locations, offers a broad range of primary and complex, highly specialized care that touches the lives of more than four million patients annually . This year, U.S. News & World Report has ranked Thomas Jefferson University Hospital as the 16 th best hospital in the nation, and among the nation’s best in 11 specialties. Jefferson Health also includes the NCI-designated Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center; it is one of only 69 such centers in the nation. Thomas Jefferson University, nationally recognized for advancing groundbreaking developments in healthcare education and research, recently combined with Philadelphia University, internationally known for architecture, design, engineering, textiles and more. Jefferson (Philadelphia University + Thomas Jefferson University) has nine colleges and three schools dedicated to interprofessional and transdisciplinary approaches to learning that offer a vibrant and expandable platform for professional education. Through this unique model, we are preparing our students for current and yet-to-be-imagined careers. As an employer, the Jefferson Enterprise maintains a commitment to provide equal access to employment. Jefferson values diversity and encourages applications from women, members of minority groups, LGBTQ individuals, disabled individuals, and veterans. VISIT Jefferson Health VISIT Jefferson (Philadelphia University + Thomas Jefferson University