Data Governance Analyst-180028002 At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. Participates in projects and/or activities that ensure compliance with Enterprise Data Governance (EDG) Policy and other applicable Operational Risk Management policies. This primarily includes detailed reviews of data flows submitted by all business lines within U.S. Bank to the EDG team that document the process of how a Key Report is produced. Monitors the EDG key deliverable dates to ensure that both the business lines and EDG are on track to meet the scheduled dates. Identifies gaps and provides solutions for the data flow operation process to ensure that internal processes are efficient, well documented and reduce the risk of human errors. Identifies, responds and/or escalates risks as appropriate. Serves as a functional liaison between the Lines of Business and the Enterprise Data Governance, a Second Lines of Defense department. Qualifications Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree, or equivalent work experience Seven to ten years of experience in an applicable risk management environment Applicable professional certifications Preferred Skills/Experience Considerable knowledge of Risk/Compliance/Audit competencies Strong process facilitation, project management, and analytical skills Knowledge of applicable laws, regulations, financial services, and regulatory trends that impact their assigned line of business Understanding of the business line’s operations, products/services, systems, and associated risks/controls Must possess business acumen and credibility to help business line(s) proactively identify and address changing workforce needs Excellent presentation, interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills Proficient computer navigation skills using a variety of software packages, including Microsoft Office applications and word processing, spreadsheets, databases, and presentations Job Risk/Compliance/QC/Audit/Fraud Primary Location Minnesota-MN-Richfield Other Locations North Carolina-NC-Charlotte Shift 1st - Daytime Travel No Average Hours Per Week 40