Bay Advanced Technologies, a subsidiary of Applied Industrial Technologies, is seeking a Shipping/Warehouse associate. As part of the Warehouse team, you will receive and verify incoming parts, maintain stock areas, package and prepare materials for shipment, load outgoing shipments onto trucks and provide general support to production areas. RESPONSIBILITIES: Understand, process, and maintain accurate inventory levels through cycle counting as requested. Receive goods into the computer system and ensure proper distribution of the product while maintaining accurate inventory levels. Store items in bins, shelves or other specified locations; record as prescribed, maintain stock, and notify appropriate personal of all discrepancies. Work from shipping papers, bill of lading, packing slips, work orders and written and verbal instructions. Use hand carts, mobile pallet jacks and motorized forklifts to safely transport and load/unload parts and materials. Exercise proper care and use of equipment and materials. Perform warehouse duties in all areas of the warehouse as assigned or directed. Maintain all work areas in a neat and orderly condition. Detect and report all faulty equipment, defective materials, improper operations and unusual conditions to a supervisor. Observe all prescribed safety rules and regulations. Load, unload and secure loads when transporting materials on an open bed truck and/or trailer. Pulling correct parts and delivering them to different assembly areas for production, while maintaining quantitative accuracy. POSITION REQUIREMENTS Good written and verbal communication skills. High School diploma or GED. Basic math calculations and the ability to read, write and understand work instructions. The ability to stand for extended periods of time, walk, bend and lift up to 25 lbs. regularly. Preferred: A working knowledge of warehouse systems and processes. General knowledge or training in shipping, counting and checking of product. Ability to occasionally lift up to 100 lbs. Experience and knowledge in the use of PCs and the ability to learn software applications. Certified in forklift operation. Work for a corporation that believes in developing its people. Applied employees believe in the company and love the environment. Individual contributors with fresh ideas and passion for excellence are encouraged and rewarded. Connect with a great stable company with strong performance and growth. We look forward to learning more about you and will respond to qualified candidates. As a distributor of pneumatic, electrical and fluid components with vertically integrated sheet metal, machining and welding capabilities, Bay Advanced Technologies is positioned technically and logistically to support customers’ module outsource strategies. Bay’s manufacturing and integration locations in Newark, CA; Austin, TX; and Singapore provide parts and system support to any location – domestic or international. ISO 9001:2008 certified in CA, TX and Singapore; ISO 13485 certified for medical equipment manufacturing in CA and Singapore. Parent company Applied Industrial Technologies (NYSE: AIT) is the world’s largest fluid power distributor. Our network of 18 fluid power companies (70+ locations) in North America is a resource for dedicated fluid power support. We have one of the largest teams of Certified Fluid Power Specialists, Certified Electronic Control Specialists and Certified Fluid Power Mechanics &d Technicians to assist you with problem solving, system building, troubleshooting and other requirements. Between our service centers and our network of 19 fluid power companies, we provide immediate access to the critical fluid power components and services our customers need. We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability, protected veteran status, marital status, medical condition or any other characteristic protected by law. If you need accommodation for any part of the employment process because of a disability, please send an email to hiring@applied.com or call 216-426-4389 to let us know the nature of your request.