About Berkeley The University of California, Berkeley, is one of the world’s most iconic teaching and research institutions. Since 1868, Berkeley has fueled a perpetual renaissance, generating unparalleled intellectual, economic and social value in California, the United States and the world. Berkeley’s culture of openness, freedom and acceptance—academic and artistic, political and cultural—make it a very special place for students, faculty and staff. Berkeley is committed to hiring and developing staff who want to work in a high performing culture that supports the outstanding work of our faculty and students. In deciding whether to apply for a staff position at Berkeley, candidates are strongly encouraged to consider the alignment of the Berkeley Workplace Culture with their potential for success at http://jobs.berkeley.edu/why-berkeley.html. Application Review Date The First Review Date for this job is: August 20, 2018. Departmental Overview The Berkeley International Office functions to ensure that all visiting international students and scholars have successful academic and personal experiences during their stay at UC-Berkeley. We provide advising on matters related to a wide array of federal regulations, academic procedures, personal adjustment, and career development. We also support a wide array of academic units through visa processing for students, scholars, staff, and faculty. Responsibilities Serve as an Exchange Visitor Program J-1 Alternate Responsible Officer (ARO) Analyze federal regulations and policies, and campus procedures to assess scholar’s eligibility for J-1 non-immigrant status. Manage J Scholar email account Manage database systems (ISSM and ISD) to collect and analyze data to meet federal reporting requirements surrounding SEVIS validations and amendments. Manage databases tables to ensure listings of campus administrators/staff are current. Develop reports and make data available to the campus. Counsel faculty and academic staff on federal regulations and policies. Train university administrators and staff on J-1 program related to the recruitment and retention of international research scholars. Design, plan and implement campus-wide workshops and accompanying material for staff and for international scholars surrounding the successful administration of the J-1 program. Required Qualifications Bachelor degree in related area and/or equivalent working experience. Must meet regulatory eligibility to be an ARO. Solid communication and interpersonal skills to communicate effectively with all levels of staff and across different cultures, both verbally and in writing. Working skills to analyze information and synthesize data with strong attention to detail. Knowledge of immigration-related laws, and Department of Homeland Security, Department of State regulations and procedures. Ability to use sound judgment in responding to issues and concerns. Strong computer skills. Ability to use discretion and maintain all confidentiality. Strong analytical/problem-solving and organizational skills. Ability to multi-task with demanding timeframes. Experience working with international clients. Preferred Qualifications Master’s in related area and/or equivalent working experience. Experience working with ISSM Experience interacting with SEVIS. Salary & Benefits Hourly Salary Range: $21.70 - $26.34 For information on the comprehensive benefits package offered by the University visit: http://ucnet.universityofcalifornia.edu/compensation-and-benefits/index.html How to Apply Please submit your cover letter and resume as a single attachment when applying. Conviction History Background This is a designated position requiring fingerprinting and a background check due to the nature of the job responsibilities. Berkeley does hire people with conviction histories and reviews information received in the context of the job responsibilities. The University reserves the right to make employment contingent upon successful completion of the background check. Equal Employment Opportunity The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. For more information about your rights as an applicant see: http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf For the complete University of California nondiscrimination and affirmative action policy see: http://policy.ucop.edu/doc/4000376/NondiscrimAffirmAct