Donnelley Financial Solutions (NYSE: DFIN) provides software and services that enable clients to communicate with confidence in a complex regulatory environment. With 3,500 employees in 61 locations across 18 countries, we provide thousands of clients globally with innovative tools for content creation, management and distribution, as well as data analytics and multi- lingual translations services. Leveraging advanced technology, deep-domain expertise and 24/7 support, we deliver cost-effective solutions to meet the evolving needs of our clients. Responsibilities Create and manage enterprise data models with logical and physical views Build, manage, and maintain a data dictionary and data lineage for various functional areas of business and applications Collect, organize, and analyze data using data profiling and data analysis tools such as Talend, Informatica, or by writing custom SQL queries Ingest data from disparate systems using data integration tools or writing custom code in SQL, Python, or other scripting languages Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets. Work with the functional business area to identify, gather, investigate, and document business processes related to data architecture Visualize data insights using data visualization tools such as Tableau, Power BI, or QlikView. Perform root-cause analysis to understand data problems and find solutions by understanding user requirements. Understand use of a data cleansing tool or package such as Talend, or able to write SQL scripts to clean data where necessary. Cleanse data using technical and business validation rules. Build an inventory of data needed to implement the architecture Perform other duties as assigned Required Skills Strong database querying competency using SQL Ability to develop data visualization dashboards in Tableau, Power BI, or QlikView Excellent knowledge of using statistical packages for data mining using R, Python, Spark ML, or Azure ML Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering 3 years experience in a data analyst role Ability to collaborate effectively and work as part of a team Strong attention to detail Understand the fundamental concepts of object oriented programming It is the policy of Donnelley Financial Solutions to select, place and manage all its employees without discrimination based on race, color, national origin, gender, age, religion, actual or perceived disability, veteran's status, actual or perceived sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected status. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access jobs.dfsco.com as a result of your disability. You can request a reasonable accommodation by sending an email to AccommodationRequests@dfsco.com.