You will be leading a small team of database administrators. Your team will be responsible for supporting, maintaining and further enhancing the use of MySQL, Oracle, AWS redshift and other databases inside 23andme. Your team will help provide a stable, high performing database and storage platform to support a variety of applications/services. Your work/collaboration will help a number of peoples/team within an organization, as well as assisting in the smooth operation of the business in general. Who we are Since 2006, 23andMe’s mission has been to help people access, understand, and benefit from the human genome. We are a group of passionate individuals pushing the boundaries of what’s possible to help turn genetic insight into better health and personal understanding. What you'll do Manage a team of database administrators Responsible for database systems in cloud and non-cloud environments Responsible for data integrity and high availability of database systems Work with SRE team to manage database hardware infrastructure Identify and recommend tools and services for managing infrastructure Automate systems and deployment procedures and document procedures Analyze and develop capacity planning for database growth Driving projects associated with Database operations, upgrades, enhancements. Overlooking database design Maintain 24X7 on-call schedule Run Daily scrums/standups. Responsible for directly working with or partnering with application development teams to optimize db integrity and performance. What you'll bring We're looking for someone with strong leadership skills, strong organizational skills, and experience working cross-functionally across many groups in the company 8+ years RDBMS experience working in a high volume/velocity production environment You'll need a deep understanding and knowledge of physical and logical database design, and schema design with the ability to apply best practices and influence developers/engineers Excellent time management skills and flexibility Excellent verbal and written communication skills and time management skills Excellent people management skills We hope you have at least 5+ years as a MySQL, Oracle DBA (cloud or non-cloud env) and at least 2+ years experience in Amazon EC2 and RDS/Aurora We're looking for MySQL 5.x (Innodb and MyISAM) and MySQL replication ( Master-Master, master-Slave, Cluster replication) experience We hope you bring experience in writing automation scripts in Python, Shell, and knowledge of Git or other source code version control and repository tools. Other Preferred Skills Percona Tools Oracle GoldenGate, DMS or other CDC frameworks. Good understanding of I/O performance tuning, TCP/IP networking services Knowledge of AWS Redshift or other data warehouse systems Knowledge of NoSQL solutions Database sharding and scalability alternatives. Good understanding of Open Source tools to including automation, monitoring, networking, clustering, and database About Us 23andMe, Inc. is the leading consumer genetics and research company. Our mission is to help people access, understand and benefit from the human genome. The company was named by MIT Technology Review to its “50 Smartest Companies, 2017” list, and named one of Fast Company’s “25 Brands That Matter Now, 2017”. 23andMe has over 5 million customers worldwide, with ~85 percent of customers consented to participate in research. 23andMe is located in Mountain View, CA. More information is available at www.23andMe.com ( https://www.23andme.com/ ). At 23andMe, we value a diverse, inclusive workforce and we provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to an individual’s race, color, sex, gender identity, gender expression, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you are unable to submit your application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at accommodations-ext@23andme.com ( accommodations- ext@23andme.com ). 23andMe will reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities to the extent required by applicable law. Please note: 23andMe does not accept agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Thank you.