At Hallmark Business Connections, we’re a small, innovative, tight-knit team and we strive to cultivate a culture where excellence is recognized and celebrated, health and wellness are a priority, and fun comes with the territory. You may be just the right person to help us make the business world a better place. And there’s only one way to find out- apply now! 22827 The Data Architect will be responsible for the development of architectural strategies and guidance of technical application/data solution implementations within our application development team. The Data Architect will collaborate with technology leadership and business stakeholders to help determine technical solutions based on business requirements and consult on their implementation. Responsibilities also include producing technical strategy to align solutions and data architecture to the company’s business strategy and goals. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Evaluate/analyze business needs and current technical assets/data to develop and implement solutions and strategy for firm data and application architecture. Responsible for driving data policies and standards for the management, storage, access, navigation, movement, and transformation of data. Provide technical consultation for technology and data solutions based on business needs; oversee architectural aspects of business solution development/deployment. Documents and drives the best practices of data architecture and data governance. Design and development of MS SQL Server database objects and procedural code supporting various custom and 3rd party applications, including writing Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers Optimize and tune MS SQL databases and queries and perform database normalization Work with application developers to provide data services for existing and new applications Assess and maintain data integrity Support and troubleshoot application issues and document solutions Assist developers with complex query tuning and schema refinement. Ensures that industry-accepted data architecture principles, standards, guidelines and concepts are integrated with those of allied disciplines and coordinated roll-out and adoption strategies are in place. Provide mentoring on data architecture design and requirements to development and business teams Reviews the solution requirements and architecture to ensure selection of appropriate technology, efficient use of resources and integration of multiple systems and technology. Advising on new technology trends and possible adoption to maintain competitive advantage Basic Qualifications 5+ years experience with Microsoft data platform technologies: SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS and related tools 3+ years expreince with Oracle databases 7+ years experience in the data field 3+ years architecture experience Bachelor’s degree Preferred Qualifications Experience with data warehousing concepts & Azure Experience with RedGate SQL Toolbelt Experience with data modelling tools such as ER/Studio Data Architect Experience working with online, web based applications; significant experience with SDLC methodologies and design/architecture aspects of project delivery. Requirements gathering and long-term solution development experience To be considered an applicant for this position you must show how you meet the basic qualifications of the job in a resume or document you upload, or by completing the work experience and education application fields. Accepted file types are Microsoft Word (DOC or DOCX), PDF, HTML, or TXT. Individual file size attachment limit is 10 MB. In compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, Hallmark Cards, Inc. and its subsidiary companies will hire only individuals lawfully authorized to work in the United States. Hallmark does not generally provide sponsorship for employment. Employment by Hallmark is contingent upon the signing of the Employment Agreement, signing of an agreement to arbitrate in connection with the Hallmark Dispute Resolution Program, completing Form I-9 Employment Eligibility Verification, passing the urinalysis drug screen, education verification and satisfactory reference and background checks. Hallmark Business Connections is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, pregnancy, national origin, physical or mental disability, genetics, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, or any other legally-protected status. Principals only please.