Curious how you can help earn and keep customer trust? Interested in applying your exceptional analytical skills to protecting every customer around the world? The Information Protection and Governance (IPG) team is on a mission to earn customer trust and enable sales by relentlessly protecting data and business resiliency within the Microsoft Digital, Services & Success (DSS) organization, and this role is critical to help shape our data protection initiatives. Data Protection Business Analyst You will own the data and analytics roadmap for the team and provide insights on our data protection initiatives and operations. This includes analyzing security, privacy, risk and other data protection datasets and providing business dashboards that will enable DSS business leaders to make more informed decisions. You should possess a combination of business and technical skills to lead the development and evolution our internal reporting and analytics infrastructure. This is a technical program manager role with operational accountability, and needs experienced project management and cross team collaboration skills. You will be based in Issaquah, WA, near Microsoft HQ with minimal travel expected. Responsibilities In this role, you will be responsible for: Own the holistic and forward thinking data and analytics roadmap and strategy for IPG, and ensure alignment with broader DSS insights strategy Develop, track, monitor and publish scorecards that highlight data protection risks, issues and opportunities across the business Synthesize information from a variety of internal and external sources to support actionable business decisions Understand the complex data models from a business perspective to recommend improved, strategic and sustainable data solutions Identify and promote opportunities for simplification and proactively challenge existing processes Can navigate in a dynamic environment and provide structure and organization within ambiguous problem space Lead development and evolution of metrics infrastructure Qualifications 5+ years progressive experience applying analytical methods to assess business problems, driving improved decision-making and compliance to ensure optimal customer data protection In depth experience with statistical / data visualization tools such as Excel, Power BI Skilled with SQL queries across disparate systems and organizations; familiarity with Microsoft BI / SQL stack strongly preferred Experience implementing initiatives or impacting business decisions using data Demonstrated ability to work in ambiguous situations and across organizational boundaries Exceptional customer focus and project management skills – able to interact and contract professionally with a diverse group of executives, managers, and subject matter experts Strong attention to detail and high commitment to accuracy and auditing Willingness to adapt quickly to shifting business priorities BA/BS degree or equivalent Microsoft Digital, Services, and Success With 23,200+ employees globally, Microsoft Digital, Services, and Success is one of the company’s largest groups, serving customers in 191 countries and 46 languages. Simply put, we help customers and partners get the most out of their technology investments by delivering their voices back to our business groups to make our technology even better—and by accelerating their transformation journeys to become digital businesses. For more information, visit www.aka.ms/LearnAboutDigitalTransformation. Join us and be one who empowers billions! That’s incredible reach. When you combine that with your own inspiration , plus the freedom and support to make your ideas happen, you can make a huge impact on how people work and live all over the world. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. wwdss