The Sr. Business Analyst is responsible for driving revenue growth through the identification of opportunities and risks. The Sr. Business Analyst will work to understand the business strategy and numerous underlying operational processes so that they can provide analytical reporting that drives sales representative behavior and results in customer retention and product upsells. To be effective in this role, the Sr. Business Analyst will need to partner and coordinate efforts with Sales Management and will work closely with the Customer Intelligence lead in communicating results with others throughout the leadership levels of each business unit. The individual will need to be able to bridge topics in order to effectively communicate with technical resources in several teams. The position will require expertise in enterprise data to support accurate and meaningful analyses. Technical skills will also be heavily leveraged as new datasets are profiled and documented and as data is retrieved and analyzed from the data warehouse. Analytical reporting and statistical analysis will be delivered through Oracle Business Intelligence and Excel. The Sr. Business Analyst is responsible for effectively rolling out Oracle Business Intelligence and in ensuring weekly adoption and usage are at levels established by each respective business unit or user group. On an ongoing basis, the Sr. Business Analyst will need to review usage levels and identify areas where adoption can be improved and analytical reporting that needs to be revised. The Sr. Business Analyst will need to be well connected to their user base (usually more than 100 individuals) and understand their goals so that analytical reporting is provided in the most meaningful context. Responsibilities may include: Collaborate with various groups to develop dashboard reports containing key metrics. Ensure that dashboards are clearly understood, utilized, and integrated into the decisions made by the business units. This will include dedicated rollout of Oracle Business Intelligence and support of several segments of individuals. Performs regular QA (testing/validation) on dashboards Identify data and metrics that help to predict retention issues and upsell opportunities. Proactively identify additional metrics and trends that are helpful in informing business decisions. Research, review, assimilates, and perform data and statistical analysis on data from various sources. Partner with data warehouse and Oracle Business Intelligence teams to implement reporting improvements through managed projects (data and/or technology changes). Collaborate with business clients primarily using 1x1 interviews, facilitate small group sessions and/or larger JAD sessions as appropriate. Use group facilitation techniques to drive consensus. Identify improvements to providing user support. Improvements could be related to data or the technology used to track and manage report requests. Identify opportunities to measure (quantitatively and qualitatively) and report the teams financial impact on the organization. Ensure weekly adoption of OBI is at or above target levels set for each user base. Establish training program(s) to drive adoption and utilization. All other duties as assigned. Qualifications: 5-7 years experience required. BA/BS degree or equivalent experience. Understanding of organizational operating procedures (value chain) Detailed understanding of enterprise data (sources, definitions, keys, etc.). Understanding of LN Risk Solution Product portfolio and various internal operating processes (onboarding, marketing lead creation, order submission, etc.). Proficient skills in report writing and dashboard creation within Oracle Business Intelligence Proficient SQL skills Excellent ability to work independently Excellent User Interface (UI) design experience Exceptional analytical and quantitative skills Outstanding verbal and written communication skills particularly with senior leadership Excellent ability to listen and understand business needs in order to gather reporting requirements and provide relevant reports Strong business acumen; must see big picture from strategy standpoint Strong organizational skills Exception attention to detail Microsoft office suite At LexisNexis Risk Solutions, we believe in the power of data and advanced analytics for better risk management. With over 40 years of expertise, we are the trusted data analytics provider for organizations seeking actionable insights to manage risks and improve results while upholding the highest standards for security and privacy. Headquartered in metro Atlanta, LexisNexis Risk Solutions serves customers in more than 100 countries and is part of RELX Group plc, a world-leading provider of information and analytics for professional and business customers across industries. For more information, please visit www.lexisnexisrisk.com. LexisNexis Risk Solutions is an equal opportunity employer: qualified applicants are considered for and treated during employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, protected veteran status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. If a qualified individual with a disability or disabled veteran needs a reasonable accommodation to use or access our online system, that individual should please contact 1.877.734.1938 or accommodations@relx.com.