The Integration Developer is responsible for designing and developing enterprise Integration solutions. The position will work closely with Enterprise Architects and Application teams to deliver enterprise wide solutions. Tasks and responsibilities Analyzes, designs, develops and tests process flows in support of multiple business projects using integration technologies. Designs, develops, tests, troubleshoots and maintenance of integration components for applications and systems. Provides 24x7 level 3 on-call support of production systems on a rotation basis in support of technical processes and interfaces. Understands, refines and complies with integration patterns, standards, guidelines, and best practices. Works with Solution Architects to ensure that application designs utilize the appropriate integration patterns and standards. Maintains current knowledge of industry trends and standards. Builds and maintains a solid understanding of the application areas and the business areas they support. Assists in other areas of the department and company as necessary. Required skills, abilities, and certifications Minimum of 3+ years hand on experience working with SAP PI/PO experience. Hands on experience working business users and Solution Architects to determine integration requirements, develop and test PI/PO interfaces. Experience in the configuration of adapters such as JMS, JBDC, SFTP, SOAP, IDOC, Proxy, FTPS, web services, and other Integration Builder objects. Experience with designing and implementing SAP PI/PO ABAP Proxies, Java mapping, and graphical mapping. Knowledge of transport management and alert configuration., including the AIF. Experience in integration with SAP modules such as: HCM, FI, ECC, and eWM. Must be self-motivated, responsible, conscientious, and detail-oriented. Must have proven ability to set and follow priorities and timeline. Working familiarity with web services including REST, SOAP, and API management. Ability to develop repeatable development processes with supporting documentation. Must have the ability to build lasting trusted partnerships across various functional areas and technical disciplines. Recommended skills, abilities, and certifications Experience with SAP PI/PO 7.4 or higher. Exposure to IBM Integration Bus/Broker, MQ, and DataPower. Experience with BPM design and modeling. Experience integrating custom and package products across complex enterprise environments. Working understanding of security standards including SAML, XACML, MASSL, OATH, WSTrust, OAUTH, OpenID Connect. Knowledge of multiple operating systems including Linux, AIX, IBM I (iSeries) and Windows. Experience with various programming/scripting languages (JAVA, Python, Javascript). Experience with enterprise Data Integration technologies including ETL, SQL, XSLT, XML. Exposure to HCI and SAP Web hosted applications such as SuccessFactors or Ariba. Apply: Use the link below to upload all required documents to https://chm.tbe.taleo.net/chm02/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=COSTCO&cws=1&rid=2424 Applicants and employees for this position will not be sponsored for work authorization, including, but not limited to H1-B visas. If hired, you will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the United States. Apart from any religious or disability considerations, open availability is needed to meet the needs of the business.