Are you data-driven? We at NetApp believe in the transformative power of data – to expand customer touchpoints, to foster greater innovation, and to optimize operations. We are designed for simplicity, optimized to protect, created to embrace future opportunity, and open to enrich choice. We are the data authority for hybrid cloud, and we are helping our customers realize the full potential of their data. We’ve built a Data Fabric for a data-driven world – to simplify and integrate data management across the resources that are best for the business. With the Data Fabric, our customers can harness the power of cloud data services, build cloud infrastructures, and modernize storage through data management. By harnessing the power of hybrid cloud data services, customers gain the freedom of choice to securely manage and move data – anywhere, on any cloud. Only NetApp can help organizations deliver data-rich customer experiences when they rapidly test and deploy new applications that easily use data and services regardless of where they reside or in what form. Job Summary Cloud Solution Architect for DevOps Are you interested in leading the NetApp technical efforts to help customers develop faster in the public cloud, and build a new business? The Cloud Volumes team within NetApp's Cloud Data Services Business Unit is looking for a strong candidate to be a key contributor to our efforts to build cloud services on major public clouds and drive impactful GTM efforts. This is a strategic initiative for NetApp, and carries broad visibility across NetApp. This Sr Cloud Solution Architect is a hands-on position where the candidate will be expected to have a solid understanding of DevOps frameworks and public clouds, and have the ability to define the opportunities for NetApp's technology to provide unique value within that environment. The ideal candidate will have the ability to span DevOps and NetApp technologies and bring a customer centric view to their work. Essential Functions: Working closely with product management, you will help assess and define our roadmap of solutions and business opportunities You will lead the technical side of solutions planning, including defining the market opportunity, competitive assessments, and requirements definition which often will require researching, proposing, managing and designing partner integrations highlighting NetApp technologies. The role requires hands on testing of the solutions for usability, performance and customer fit You will be a Subject Matter Expert in DevOps across NetApp, and will create go-to-market deliverables (videos, demos, reference architectures etc). You will train NetApp and partner technical sales teams (SAs, SEs), and speak at conferences Job Requirements Job Requirements: Broad experience with NetApp, cloud services and DevOps technologies and use cases Customer-centric approach: Interact frequently with customers to understand requirements and act as a customer advocate to product planning Understanding of cloud customer trends, use cases, technologies, and buyers Proven ability to lead a high-impact technical engagement with a customer/partner Proven ability to build a predictable plan, effectively estimate work completion and identify key performance indicators. Demonstrable ability to collect, synthesize and analyze data in order to make data driven decisions Deomonstrated ability to get things done. Ability to lead across business unit teams and have strong influencing skills at the Senior and Executive level. Excellent spoken and written communication skills. Must be able to manage multiple priorities and complex tasks in a dynamic work environment. Ability to build strong working relationships across all levels of the organization internally and with partners externally, in broad technology areas. Responsibility: The tasks you will be responsible for are often unstructured and the issues addressed are less defined requiring new perspectives and creative approaches. You will apply attained experiences and knowledge in solving problems that are complex in scope and scale requiring in-depth evaluation. Demonstrate good judgment in solving problems as well as identifying problems in advance, and proposing solutions. Interaction: You must work effectively with Staff to Vice President level employees within the function, across functions and with external parties. Limited supervision and direction is provided, as this individual can operate and drive strategic results without boundaries and set priorities independently. The ideal candidate will be a proactive contributor, influencer, and subject matter expert. To be successful, you must demonstrate favorable results through regular leadership and influencing others. Often acts as a mentor to both senior and junior engineers Education A minimum of 12 years of experience is required A Bachelor of Science or Masters degree in Electrical Engineering, or Computer Science or related technical discipline; or equivalent experience is required Experience assessing the feasibility of providing solutions to complex problems given time, budget, and resource constraints. So get ready to tap into the data visionary within, and join us as we accelerate digital transformation and empower our customers to change the world with data! If you ask a NetApp employee why they work here, the answer is inevitably the same: the people. At NetApp, our culture is at the heart of what we do. We place importance in trust, integrity, teamwork, and caring above all else. NetApp is a place where people are empowered to make a difference. Empowered to innovate. Empowered to collaborate. Empowered to help ourselves and others be data-driven and change the world. We take care of each other, our customers, our partners, and our communities simply because it’s the right thing to do. We work hard but also recognize the importance of work-life balance for our employees because what’s important to them is important to us! Recently we implemented Family First, which encourages employees to take paid time off to bond with a new child (through birth or adoption) or to care for a family member with a serious health condition. Our volunteer time off program is best in class, offering employees 40 hours of paid time off per year to donate their time with their favorite organizations. We provide comprehensive medical, dental, wellness and vision plans for you and your family. We offer educational assistance, legal services, and access to discounts and fitness centers. We also offer financial savings programs to help you plan for your future. Join us and see what empowerment can do. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Vets/Disabled