REI is searching for an experienced Workforce Collaboration & Mobility Architect who has a strong background in Microsoft O365, OneDrive, SharePoint, Skype, and governance policy implementations across an enterprise organization. As the REI Domain Architect, you will take lead and oversee strategic planning, direction and execution of the transformation and modernization of our mobile and collaboration systems. You’ll work with all levels of IT and business users, create models and technical roadmaps, and help implement your proposed technology plan. Work with all levels of IT and business users to develop and document clear requirements, designs, strategies and roadmaps. Partner with Business Analysts and Project Managers to provide technical guidance during project intake, planning and execution Create models and diagrams for communicating business and technical architectures Lead design reviews and the development of technology roadmaps Develop and Maintain architecture roadmaps and strategies Clearly document/communicate issues, exceptions and key decisions ensuring alignment among stakeholders Represent infrastructure in the architecture community and at architecture reviews Work closely and collaboratively with the infrastructure, network, security and operations teams on proof-of-concepts, demonstrations, analysis, and vendor evaluations. Assist in the evaluation and selection of vendor products and consulting resources. Participate in budget planning and portfolio management. Maintain excellent knowledge of current and emerging technologies to identify, develop opportunities for improved business value. Participate in research and usability testing incorporating learnings and feedback into strategies, designs, roadmaps, etc. Partner closely with peer architects to ensure cross team technology dependencies are well understood and accounted for in designs Bring your passion and expertise Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field required Minimum three years of architecture and design experience, preferably supporting the Microsoft Office 365 domain of an organization. Experience with client virtualization, Slack, or Facebook for Business a plus Deep technical expertise in multiple disciplines such as: design, on-premises and cloud-centric patterns, mobility systems, security & compliance, business process design, and application portfolio management Experience developing system architectures that cross multiple business units. Demonstrated ability to think strategically and apply research trends to business capabilities and IT roadmaps. Ability to translate technology into business terms and value. Excellent written and verbal communications skills. Proven presentation skills to executive leadership. Demonstrate the ability to document and communicate ideas to both business focused and technical focused audiences. Demonstrated critical thinking skills, quickly and accurately analyze information to make recommendations. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with stakeholders of various levels of authority. Proactive collaboration combined with excellent communication and presentation skills. Experience and insights of competitor programs and technologies used to drive solutions, a plus. Demonstrated ability to apply tools and models to develop or improve processes and problem solve. Able to work effectively in a distributed team environment with little or no supervision. Why you'll love it here REI Information Technology is a team of creative and smart technologists who work in a collaborative environment to build business value through technology. And, we have the support of a great company to tackle some dynamic challenges that will keep REI relevant for years to come. If you have a passion for the outdoors and want to be a part of innovating retail technology, this job is for you.