System1 Biosciences is a well-funded stealth mode startup revolutionizing drug discovery for brain disorders. Founded by professors from Columbia University and UCSF along with experienced Silicon Valley technology entrepreneurs, we combine novel biotechnology, neuroscience, robotic engineering, and machine learning techniques. Join us as we try and revolutionize the treatment of previously hard to treat conditions like autism and schizophrenia. We’re building a world-class high-throughput bioscience data-processing platform that includes static image processing, video analysis, multi-modal data integration, feature extraction, Bayesian modeling, sequence modeling, and deep learning (using both feed forward and recurrent architectures) for classification and regression. Our current tech is a custom Python pipeline built on top of existing image and video processing and machine learning tools. This role is as a core member of our machine learning team. You’ll participate in team-wide projects as well as lead the design and delivery of independent initiatives. Our ideal candidate will have: 5+ years experience in machine learning PhD in a quantitative field such as physics, computer science, or theoretical neuroscience Highly skilled MS with demonstrated machine learning expertise also encouraged to apply Python fluency Facility with TensorFlow/Keras, Pytorch Deep learning experience; MLP and CNN expertise required; RNN/LSTM familiarity preferred Demonstrated strength in both supervised and unsupervised learning Bayesian modeling background preferred Experience working in biotech image processing or gene expression data ideal Best object-oriented programming practices Familiarity with AWS preferred Experience in a fast-paced startup environment and the ability to deal well with ambiguity and act with autonomy Initiative, curiosity, a bias for action, and a problem-solving attitude A deep desire to learn High personal standards of reliability and a track record of driving projects to completion In this position you will: Design and implement data preprocessing, integration, and analysis solutions Mentor and cross-train with other ML scientists via academic-style discussions and reviews Interface with biology team in the understanding and interpreting of data Interface with software engineering team in the deployment of production analysis tools Work full-time hours in our San Francisco office We offer competitive salaries and benefits, and opportunities for professional growth, in an intellectually stimulating and fast-paced environment. If this excites you, then we are excited to hear from you! Please contact us and include your CV or résumé. System1 Biosciences is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.