Description About Mozzaz Mozzaz delivers a digital health platform for behavioral health services used by patients under care and their care teams in the delivery and management of individual care. Our innovative mobile solutions are used for behavioral health services helping patients, providers and payers benefit from better care service delivery and positive health outcomes. Mozzaz sells its offering to providers of behavioral health services in United States and Canada. About What We Offer Mozzaz offers you the opportunity to be part of a fast growing, interesting, innovative, company, a highly competitive compensation package which includes salary, Group Health Benefits, stock options. Most importantly, Mozzaz offers career growth! Show us what you can do and we’ll help you do it! About You You are an enthusiastic and motivated team player, understanding embracing the start-up challenges of a highly innovative work culture. Flexibility and agility will be key to your success. Your education, skills, and abilities match our requirements as listed below. Roles & Responsibilities: Collaborate with the development team to develop and deliver products Able to translate UI mockups to Front-End code Advocate best practices in UI development for mobile applications using responsive design techniques Collaborate with the UI designer to develop UI artifacts for Mozzaz using front-end technologies Work with the technical lead to design and implement solutions to challenging problems Formulate solutions for requirements in the product backlog Adhere to standard software development processes and promote best practices in software development Ensure software quality by adhering to standard software development processes Assist with testing of software builds, both by writing automated tests and performing manual testing Meet strict product delivery deadlines The ideal candidate will be agile and comfortable working in a dynamic, start- up environment. About Your Qualifications Good knowledge of HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript/jQuery Experience with popular, modern CSS Frameworks such as Bootstrap and preprocessors such as SASS or LESS Expertise in cross-platform and cross-browser development Knowledge of Git for Source Code Management is an asset Experience in .NET Technologies (C, ASP.NET, Azure) or other back-end technologies is an asset Good understanding of relational databases and SQL is an asset Experience with Test Automation Frameworks is an asset Portfolio of earlier work is a nice-to-have