As the world's leading video and ecommerce retailer, QVC has a history of growth and success that goes unmatched. We are an $8.8 billion business that reaches over 300 million homes worldwide. QVC continues to grow on-line, on- air, and through mobile. Ranked as the 3 largest mobile commerce player among multi-category retailers and with nearly 3 million downloads for QVC apps for iPhone and iPad in US, UK and Germany, our global IT organization is expanding and we are in search of tech talent to join our high performing team. We are an innovative, technology-driven company that embraces corporate responsibility and is committed to our people. US Headquarters are located just outside of Philadelphia in West Chester, PA. Whether you’re coming from Center City, the airport, or a suburb with regional rail service, the QVC shuttle service provides a stress-free daily commute to work. As a Database Administrator with QVC you will be an IT professional, managing, designing & supporting DB2 z/OS plus other database platforms such as DB2 LUW and SQL Server. Job Description Details Essential Duties and Responsibilities Executes to the defined product lifecycle, manages the product lifecycle for a component of the infrastructure to assure operational availability, proposes changes for implementation, gathers data and analyzes capacity and performance. Analyzes the current state of the infrastructure and identifies opportunities for improvement. Contributes to changes to established roadmaps, documents them effectively and executes the implementation of changes in their area(s) of responsibility. Provides ongoing support and troubleshooting for installed technical solutions by analyzing a chain of events and applying technical knowledge, following established procedures and standards. Implements and/or supports the implementation of new technologies for their area of the infrastructure. Promotes technical standards and supports migration efforts to the future infrastructure. Contributes to disaster recovery and contingency plans related to their area of the infrastructure, where applicable. Prepares documentation that describes installation and operating procedures, including system build and configuration guides, with limited guidance Provides first/second level troubleshooting, technical and operational support and will escalate when appropriate. For medium to large sized application or infrastructure projects, interfaces with business analysts, project managers, application developers and business clients to clarify requirements and makes technology decisions. Manages project and support work for 24X365 Global applications and systems. Lead or participate in SWAT teams involving applications that have a direct impact on the company’s bottom line and customer perspective of the company. Some from a global perspective. Leads technical design and execution for medium to large sized application or infrastructure projects that involve multiple inter-related technologies, multiple vendors, leading edge technologies, or great operational or implementation risks. The planning and execution of these systems can have an impact on the company’s bottom line both now and in the future. Leads the development and analysis of RFPs and RFIs related to their domain (medium to large size projects). Works with vendors, QVC procurement and legal to ensure success. Reviews capacity, usage, and performance of assigned technologies for core system based on business metrics. Understands performance thresholds and analyzes and interprets data to determine issues. Makes recommendations to ensure optimal performance and reliability for mission critical and global enterprise systems which have direct impacts to the company’s bottom line and customer perception. Leads in the evaluation of new technologies relative to their domain(s) and makes strategic recommendations Analyzes the current state of the infrastructure and identifies opportunities for improvement. Proposes design changes for review by more senior engineers. Proposes changes to established roadmaps, documents them effectively and implements the changes in their area(s) of responsibility. Performs advanced troubleshooting which may involve significant choices between many different possible procedures to address the problem. Solves most problems independently. Communicates with clients under guidance to understand and explain business and technical issues, respond to user problems, explain new technologies, and present deliverables. Effectively probes users to determine the actual nature or underlying cause of a user problem. Produces basic documentation in a clear, concise manner, adhering to standards. Shares knowledge effectively within their team. Forms productive internal networks with clients, vendors and other IT colleagues. May lead the technical execution phase of a small to moderate sized application or infrastructure project, or works under more senior engineers on larger projects. May assist in technical design under the guidance of more senior engineers. Participates in review of vendor proposals. Receives general direction; work is typically reviewed periodically. Must be able to explain and support decisions made. Analyzes client needs, and develops a unique solution or chooses an approach or procedure for addressing a work task applying multiple and varied options. Selects appropriate work procedures or approaches to address technical challenges. Makes a determination of when to escalate problems based on their level of experience and comfort with the subject matter. Identifies opportunities for improvement and provides recommendations to leadership for established procedures and SLAs. Specific Job Knowledge Demonstrates proficiency in DB2 z/OS. Experience with DB2 LUW and SQL Server is a plus. Can independently evaluate and resolve most problems. Possesses solid understanding of the current infrastructure. Builds expertise in own domain while also developing knowledge of emerging technologies. Understands client requirements and their impact on the technical direction of a solution. Understands how the organization is structured and how the current technology supports and affects the business. Possesses a good working knowledge of the different areas of the IT organization, where to refer typical requests and where to go for assistance. Developing a basic understanding of the retail industry. Understands the impact to their role of regulations, laws and company policies, standards and procedures. Qualifications Education and Experience: Typical candidates will possess 8+ years of relevant experience and a BS degree in Computer Science or related fields, or equivalent experience. DB2 Database Administrator (DBA) Engineer QVC, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Interactive Corporation (NASDAQ: QVCA, QVCB), is the world’s leading video and ecommerce retailer. QVC is committed to providing its customers with thousands of the most innovative and contemporary beauty, fashion, jewelry and home products. Its programming is distributed to approximately 300 million homes worldwide through operations in the U.S., Japan, Germany, United Kingdom, Italy and a joint venture in China. Based in West Chester, Pa. and founded in 1986, QVC has evolved from a TV shopping company to a leading ecommerce and mobile commerce retailer. The company’s website, QVC.com, is ranked among the top general merchant Internet sites. QVC, Q, and the Q Ribbon Logo are registered service marks of ER Marks, Inc. As an equal opportunity employer, QVC is committed to a diverse workforce and is also committed to a barrier-free employment process. In order to ensure reasonable accommodations for individuals pursuant to applicable law, individuals that require accommodation in the job application process for a posted position may contact us at CareersUS@QVC.com for assistance.