Overview Responsible for system uptime and performance as it relates to server services in data centers an cloud including configuration, developing disaster recovery plans, validating system specs for procurement, installing, upgrading and migrating servers and server-related hardware and software. Work with business areas Digital/IT and end users. Provide customer service and resolve support issues according to service level agreements. Develop and maintain system documentations. Responsibilities Administer system services in data centers and cloud. Validate business requirements and determine architecture design based on security policies. Coordinate and perform server and peripheral installs, adds, moves, and changes in accordance with user timing and needs and to minimize impact on users resulting from maintenance activities. Perform business analysis of infrastructure services including but not limited to: operational performance, operation problems, design and prototypes of current and emerging technology Provide level 3 troubleshooting and support of all server infrastructure services related issues. Resolve end-user problems using the designated Help-Desk management tools to respond to issues and to track problems. Perform user account and group management as required. Work closely with other Digital/IT departments (ie. Developers, Network Services, EHD, PC Support, Security, etc.) to resolve issues quickly and efficiently. Develop and maintain system documentation throughout the lifecycle of the system. Generate system metrics and reports for purposes of detecting performance bottleneck and capacity planning. Define and implement procedures to track configuration changes. Perform 7x24x365 on-call operations for server infrastructure and server related hardware and software. Create and maintain architectural and operations documentation. Manage system inventory. Qualifications High School Education 8+ Years experience Special Certifications / Licenses: MCSE or Cloud Platform and Azure Cloud management of at least 2 years Internal Job Posting Dates: 5/4 - 5/14