You want to make a difference. So do we. Volvo Cars is on an exciting journey, redefining the automotive experience by innovating to make people’s lives less complicated. We offer you a once-in-a- lifetime chance to be part of making an impact in a company with unique opportunities to grow and make a true difference. We are now building up a Research & Development Tech Centre in the Bay Area with focus on exploring and utilizing new technologies. This a long-term initiative which will give Volvo Cars an important footprint in the US to develop innovative ideas and scout new technologies and trends. Volvo Cars is looking for creative and innovative individuals who wants to be a member in the team developing the next generation’s Volvo cars. Main responsibilities You will support the development of new interesting proof of concepts within the field of Autonomous drive and ADAS. You will work with the development (designing, training, analyzing and evaluating) of Deep Learning networks and Computer Vision algorithms that will enable our cars to understand complex environments based on input from multiple sensor modalities e.g. cameras, radars, lidars and ultrasonic sensors. Work cross functional in a pragmatic way to achieve success as a team. Required qualifications: M.Sc/PhD in Electrical Engineering /Computer Science /Physics or equivalent practical experience Excellent mathematical skills and a good understanding in applied physics. 2+ years applied experience within Deep Learning development and architectures associated with Deep learning. Preferably with computer vision related applications. Good knowledge in Computer Vision Proven experience with Deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Caffe Fluency in Python and/or C/C++ Experience with Open GL/Open CL Experience in working with software development in embedded real time systems Knowledge about vision sensors such as camera, LIDARs, etc. Personal qualities: Inclusive, communicative, team oriented, customer focused Analytic problem solver Curious and continuously searching for new knowledge Attention to detail and strong sense of responsibility Patience and endurance. Continues until root cause is found and solved Result driven – finds new and better ways Strongly self-motivated. Will be rewarded with greater freedom of work A hands-on approach to problems. Learn by doing Who are we? Volvo Cars is a company on a mission to bring traditional car manufacturing into a connected, sustainable and smart future. Since 1927, we have been a brand known for our commitment to safety, creating innovative cars that make life less complicated for our consumers. In 2010, we decided to transform our business, resulting in a totally new generation of cars and technologies, as well as steady growth and record sales. Today, we’re expanding our global footprint in Europe, China and the US, and we’re on the lookout for new talent. We are constantly pushing our own skills and abilities to drive change in the automobile industry like never before. We are looking for innovative, committed people to join us in this endeavour and create safe, sustainable and connected cars. We believe in the power of people and will challenge and support you to reach your full potential. Join us and be part of Volvo Cars’ journey into the future.