Overview The Front Desk Night Clerk will serve as ambassador to the hotel handling all check-in and check-outs, answering incoming calls while upholding Guest Service Standards. Functions will also include nightly accounting and working as a "Runner" for housekeeping needs during the midnight shift. He/She will compute, classify, and record numerical data to keep financial records complete. The Front Desk Night Clerk will perform any combination of routine calculating, posting, and verifying duties to obtain primary financial data for use in maintaining accounting records. This position may also check the accuracy of figures, calculations, and postings pertaining to business transactions recorded by other workers. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable Accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Responsibilities Resolve guest complaints, ensuring guest satisfaction. Maintain complete knowledge of, or where to access to following information: a) all hotel features/services, hours of operation. b) all room types, numbers, layout, decor, appointments and location. c) all room rates, special packages and promotions. d) daily house count and expected arrivals/departures. e) room availability status for any given day. f) scheduled daily group activities. Monitor and maintain cleanliness, sanitation and organization of assigned work areas. Pick up, count and maintain bank. Secure bank at all times. Read the log book daily, and record all pertinent information in the log book. Process currency exchange and payments to guest accounts. Process adjustments, rebates, paid outs and credits as required. Operate P.M.S. (Property Management System) and maintain security of system. Verifies and makes corrections to the Room Rate Report. Post and audit Banquet charges. Adjust outside Vendor activity. Reconcile telephone calls and miscellaneous accounts. Backup computer system files. Verifies that all checks are closed, and closes and logs any open check in the P.O.S. (Point of Sale) system. Prints Food & Beverage end of day reports. Audit Food & Beverage cashiers work and correct discrepancies. Audit Rooms Cashiers work and correct discrepancies. Audit all miscellaneous charges. (Banquets, Bars etc.) Verifies package postings on house accounts. Input all sales figures into the P.M.S. and balance all accounts (Property Management System). Run Room & Tax verifying that all room rates posted. Verify Cashiers Report to drop log and paperwork. Record room statistics. Close P.O.S. after all work is balanced. Run end of day program and close day. Check that interfaces are up and running. Run daily Flash Reports and distribute accordingly. Run morning reports and backup reports and distribute accordingly. Print express check out folios and distribute. Sign out and brief relief. Review Night Audit checklist and verify that all work has been completed. Restock all printers. Fill out and deposit payment and corresponding checks. Review status of assignments and any follow-up action with on-coming Supervisor. Document maintenance needs on work orders and submit to Manager/Supervisor. Attend monthly department meetings and training sessions as necessary. Qualifications Education & Experience: High School Graduate or General Education Degree (GED) One year previous experience in a similar position in a hotel. Must be able to work the overnight shift 11pm -7am. Basic computer skills required. EEO/AA Employer Disclosure Crestline Hotels & Resorts is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability status.