The World Affairs Council of Northern California (World Affairs) seeks a dynamic and organized individual to support, enhance and ensure the integrity of the Council’s database system. Supporting the fundraising, communications, and events management efforts across the organization, the database is integral to Council operations and requires a detail-oriented, process-driven data professional to support it. Duties for this position will include data input and output, data maintenance, and end-user training and support. The Salesforce Administrator will also recommend and support integrated tools which are geared to enhance database functionality and improve the end-user experience. This position will work closely with all staff to offer support and training to the database users in the organization. Responsibilities Include: Manage World Affairs' Salesforce.com database and integrated software. Database maintenance, including some data entry, routine audits and de-duplication. Update and maintain dashboards and report templates that address organizational needs. Assist users with ad hoc reporting requests as needed. Administer membership lists for renewal and acknowledgment letters and for targeted email campaigns. Administer security settings and business rules in the database. Serve as project liaison to the Salesforce.com Foundation for technical support or other issues. Evaluate and recommend new features and applications to ensure maximum use of database features. Provide training, ongoing support and troubleshooting for staff; develop and maintain database user policy and procedural guidelines. Research, evaluate and make recommendations for other software products as needed. Lead installation and training efforts. Manage company-wide software upgrades to ensure that new versions integrate seamlessly with various workflows. Assist with World Affairs programs and events periodically. Conduct or manage discrete projects or tasks as may be requested from time to time in support of the organization's programs and priorities. Qualifications: 2+ years of database management experience. Salesforce Certification. Demonstrated ability to learn quickly and work well in cross-functional teams. Strong analytical skills, a positive outlook and a knack for creatively solving problems. Exceptional organizational skills and superior attention to detail. Experience with end-user support and training in an office environment. Strong writing skills with a focus on the creation of policy and procedure documentation. Proficient with Microsoft Office suite. Hands-on experience with Salesforce Non Profit Starter Pack database is preferred. Hands-on experience with Salesforce Lightning Experience is preferred. Working knowledge of FormAssembly, Soapbox Engage and other Salesforce-integrated tools and applications a plus. Commitment to the mission of World Affairs. Bachelor’s degree preferred. Compensation: Competitive nonprofit salary plus comprehensive benefits package Location: The offices are located in downtown San Francisco, near Union Square, at the World Affairs Center, a building owned and operated by the organization. Application Process: Please send your resume and a cover letter as an attachment to jobs@worldaffairs.orgThis e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it . Please reference the subject line as follows: “Database Specialist - Last name, First name” and include salary expectations in the cover letter.