Lab Administration and Support Competitive salary Round Rock Campus Dell provides the technology that transforms the way we all work and live. But we are more than a technology company — we are a people company. We inspire, challenge and respect every one of our over 100,000 employees. We also provide them with unparalleled growth and development opportunities. Lab Support Engineering is at the heart of a worldwide lab operations team providing 24x7 lab access, service and solutions support in multiple locations. Independent and flexible, team members are always ready to adapt to the changing daily priorities. They make an impact in all kinds of ways – from installing and maintaining servers and storage equipment within the fast-paced lab computing environment, through to providing top-level technical expertise and support to engineering departmental users. What’s more, they work with engineering teams to create hardware configuration test plans in support of software development. Key Responsibilities Assist Lab Manager in interfacing with external teams as they request the use of lab resources. Monitor lab metrics; adherence to service level agreements, measures utilization rates of all hardware, verifies adherence to process for the lab team, customer satisfaction levels, etc Working with teams to gauge their future needs and communicating those needs to Lab Manager, Rack space, bench space, power reqs, etc. Act as escalation point to resolve issues with customers such as conflicts with system or part availability, or conflicts in scheduling sharing of hardware between teams. Involve Lab Manager as needed to arrive at quick and amicable conflict resolutions. Works with Lab Support Team members to keep all systems updated on schedule, make sure systems are available in the tool for reservation, and helps lab team onboard new hardware quickly Assist lab support team when needed with handling customer tickets, building server configurations to customer specifications, providing assistance to customers on config related questions, assisting in maintaining lab infrastructure, racking systems (some lifting required) Maintain a thorough understanding of all documented processes and procedures Essential Requirements 3+ years lab operations experience, working in a server hardware lab environment 5+ years customer facing experience. Handling customer issues, escalations, achieving compromise solutions in short timelines Demonstrated strong problem solving and analytical skills, ability to work independently or in a team. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Experience supporting Dell PowerEdge Servers or Dell Software environments Experience working issues submitted via ticketing software, generating reports, monitoring lab resources, and informing management on status. Desirable Requirements One or more industry certifications such as A+, VMware VCP, Network vendor cert, Cisco cert (Data Center, CCNA), Microsoft MCSE, or similar Experience with troubleshooting tools and process, lab safety standards. Experience with Jira, Confluence, MS Visio, MS Office, and database administration Benefits We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment. If you’re looking for a varied role in an innovative and fast-paced lab setting, this is your opportunity to develop with Dell. Closing date: 13 July 2018. Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell here.