About Us As part of the Korn Ferry International organization, Futurestep provides its employees with a truly global opportunity to work with the best clients, as well as the best tools, technologies and expertise in the industry. Our Culture Futurestep is a creative and energetic environment – one in which we look to each other to innovate new solutions not only for our clients but for ourselves too. Open and collaborative with a borderless mentality, this is a workplace where expertise is shared with colleagues around the globe. And because we’re a business that’s committed to exceeding client expectations, an ethos of high performance is a given. This is an ambitious yet inclusive company where everyone is empowered to contribute. There is no role at Futurestep that is insignificant. Integrity is a fundamental part of our culture; we believe that how you go about business is as important as business results. We work in a fast-moving, dynamic industry where change is the only constant and flexibility is the key to success. The Role The Reporting Analyst works as a part of a global team charged with developing and deploying best practice productivity reporting. The Analyst uses reporting tools and applications to document the current state of recruitment data and processes in order to provide a factual basis for recommending improvements. This position serves a variety of internal and external clients, foremost the relevant sourcing and recruiting team managers and respective leadership groups. The Analyst actively supports teams’ progressing data needs by designing and producing reporting from template sets, and then accessing the data to populate them from various recruitment process databases. Additional general diagnostic or predictive analytic s projects will be assigned based on needs across the recruiting department and analyst’s individual skills, knowledge, and interests. Key Accountabilities Design, develop, document, and maintain reports and dashboards using data from multiple recruitment process productivity tracking systems including Talent Communities, CRMs, applicant tracking systems, background check systems, post hire surveys, and HRIS, etc. Proactively apply analytical and research skills to monitor trends and elevate issues due to data variances Ability to understand and communicate the meaning of analysis with individuals in a wide range of strategic and executional roles, in both written and oral form, with intuitive understanding of what the analysis implies and how it would be affected by changes in assumptions Maintain weekly/monthly pipeline reports. Identify important trends, measure performance against goals, and alert teams to concerning issues Conduct periodic key analyses to support recruiting effort (e.g. monitor effectiveness of recruiting programs and processes, etc.) Respond to ad hoc requests from recruiting leadership, recruiting teams, internal departments, etc. Prepare documents and materials for leadership meetings, reviewing results and modeling different strategic and tactical options for future recruiting Monitor and validate data ensuring high-quality information is collected and accurately stored Help to continually improve data management methods and systems. Proactively suggest opportunities to avoid problems and anticipate future data needs Collaborate with recruiting database teams to maintain and develop global recruiting database. Diagnose bugs/errors, identify new ways to solve data limitations, and develop new functionality to benefit the global user community Acquire a thorough understanding of recruiting processes for principal source teams as well as recruiting at large Become the firm expert on all source team data Skills & Experience Required Skills & Experience 5+ years of data reporting experience (preferably in HR) 3+ years of proven consulting skills working with a variety of in-house and external clients and engagement Project Managers 3+ years of Excel knowledge (e.g. Macros, Pivot Tables, Graphs, VLOOKUP) 1+ years reporting on Talent Acquisition results in Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO) setting Strong analytical and problem solving skills Bachelor's degree Preferred Skills & Experience : 2+ years of experience with VBA, SAP Business Objects and OBIEE (Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition) 5+ years of advanced Excel knowledge with Macros Microsoft Access, Business Objects or other reporting packages Experience with data visualization tools Other Korn Ferry is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer – Minorities/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.