Job Description: That’s a cool job - I want it! Ready to shake things up? Join us as we pursue our disruptive new vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and strive to deliver the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we’re committed to our work, customers, having fun, and most meaningfully to each other’s success. We continue to be on a tear while enjoying incredible growth year over year. As a Senior Business Analyst at Splunk, you will help drive projects by enabling analytics to improve the company's Go-To-Market (GTM) processes and the applications it builds and uses. You are an experienced Generalist and IT business analyst. You thrive working in a variety of different of projects and have a background that demonstrates this ability. Splunk offers the chance to work with cutting-edge technology in a collaborative, exciting, and fast-paced environment. Responsibilities: I want to and can do that! Partner with internal Go-To-Market teams (Marketing, Sales, Customer Success) & Finance teams to develop delivery roadmaps, defining analytical insights and associated capabilities. Analyze, design and deliver production and improvement of leading and lagging key performance indicators through reports and dashboards. Organize and manage project work to drive predictable delivery. Drive system implementation projects (requirements documentation, systems configuration, test documentation/execution, issue identification, and resolution). Serve as authoritative resource on standard metrics, methodologies and domain knowledge for operational analytics. Deliver Solutions – Implement global technologies and services to meet long term business needs; partner with development teams on system design and gap analysis, prioritization of critical initiatives and resources, and make vs. buy evaluation Business Requirements - Coordinate the collection and documentation of business needs through Business Requirement Specification, data specifications and test plans Implementation - Coordinate the rollout of new analytical use cases including delivery of standard operating procedures, workflow diagrams, test and training materials and post-launch support resources Analysis - Analyzing and understanding large amounts of data and complex process to identify specific opportunities to implement reliable data insights Testing of configurations and system feeds to ensure data integrity Communication - Own communications to project members and partners on progress, issues, and risks including regular status updates and periodic white paper analysis; provide pre and post-launch communications to impacted teams Requirements: I’ve already done that or have that! Minimum of 8 years related experience with Enterprise-level Business Intelligence, data management & provisioning, and business systems analysis. Demonstrable experience and deep familiarity with data warehouse and BI platforms; including metric creation, report/dashboard/visualization development & scheduling, and administration. Familiarity with managing, analyzing & manipulating large datasets Proficiency to write effective SQL queries to investigate and resolve data issues Solid grasp of enterprise technology sales methodologies and practices, Multi-channel business models, CRM (and outbound marketing applications and processes) Working knowledge and experience with Agile/Scrum methodology and iterative practices in a service delivery lifecycle Successful track record in working on cross-functional, cross-team projects. Good interpersonal and communication skills, strong analytical skills, and ability to deal with ambiguity and influence change in a rapidly changing business environment. Ability to work across cross-functional groups and ensure ability to influence and execute across groups A passion for technology and an ability to identify new opportunities for efficiency and productivity Education: Got it! Bachelor degree in Computer Science or related field We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which you are applying. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.