The Cyber Security Engineer will be responsible for monitoring the SIEM and other security tools for security events and triage of security incidents as necessary. The Security Engineers are responsible for the initial assessment and information gathering of the incident. Job Description Key Responsibilities Assist in development and deployment of corporate information security strategy, as well as deployment, administration, configuration, and support of security-related systems to the fullest. Enhance security operations team accomplishments and competence by planning the delivery of solutions; answering technical and procedural questions for less experienced team members; teaching improved processes; and mentoring team members. Proactively monitor and utilize Cyber Defense tools to detect and react to anomalies within the network. Assists in effective Data monitoring and Data Loss Prevention procedures. Continually research the cyber threat landscape and tactics used by Advanced Persistent Threats. Investigate cyber incidents using SIEMs, packet captures, reports, data visualization, and pattern analysis tools. Responds to cyber incidents by collecting, analyzing and preserving digital evidence to assist with the Incident Responders in remediation of critical information security incidents. Improve and challenge existing processes and procedures in a very agile and fast moving information security environment. Key Skills & Attributes: Expert understanding of networking, application communications, intrusion detection systems (Snort, Suricata, Bro) and tools (tcpdump, Wireshark, Nmap, etc.). Scripting experience with one or more of the following: Bash, PowerShell, Python, Perl, etc. A subject-matter expert in multiple IT and/or security disciplines such as authentication and authorization models, data loss protection methods, Linux/UNIX systems, DNS, NIDS, etc. Extensive experience providing leadership and counsel to both business & technical audiences. Demonstrated technical security expertise in a variety of cloud platforms (AWS is preferred). Proven track record delivering innovative / secure technology solutions Complex analytical, modeling and security simulation expertise. Ability to effectively translate and present solutions in business or management terms Collaborate in a team environment and mentor less experienced staff. Ability to write technical documentation and present technical briefings to diverse audiences. Technical security expertise in a variety of systems and platforms. Experience with Vormetric, Alienvault USM, Security Onion, and other security tools or technologies a plus. Excellent communications skills – English (written and verbal). Experiences/Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field. 6+ years’ experience of at least one of the following or combined: Network operations or engineering System administration on Unix, Linux, or Windows Application or database configuration security Cloud based infrastructure security CISSP, Security + or other related security certifications is desired or the willing to pursue an associated security certification. Experience with Storage/Backup/Database engineering is desirable. Rewards High performance culture promoting recognition, rewards and professional development. Competitive base salary coupled with attractive role-specific incentive plan. Comprehensive benefits program.