Join our team and experience Workday! It's fun to work in a company where people truly believe in what they're doing. At Workday, we're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business of enterprise applications. We work hard, and we're serious about what we do. But we like to have a good time, too. In fact, we run our company with that principle in mind every day: One of our core values is fun. Job Description We are looking for an experienced, energetic Senior Business Intelligence Analyst to join the Services Analytics team. The ideal candidate will have a strong reporting/analytics background on the Workday platform and a passion for data. You must be self-motivated and enjoy working in a dynamic, fast-paced environment. As a member of the Services Analytics team, you will be tasked with developing a deep understanding of the business you support, building strong relationships with your stakeholders, and delivering value. Responsibilities: · Create and manage dashboards, reports, and scorecards in Workday for the broader Services organization. · Continuously learn about and uptake new Workday product functionality. Work with business leaders across Services to understand business questions that can be answered with data. Communicate findings and insights to key stakeholders and influence these teams to take action based on your recommendations. Develop strong understanding of the data and business drivers to make recommendations and influence strategic decisions. Lead conversations with key stakeholders as a strategic partner to influence thought process on strategic initiatives. Identify gaps and inefficiencies in business process that compromise data integrity and drive system and process changes to correct them. Drive new KPIs, metrics, tracking methodologies and data visualizations. Lead and execute on multiple concurrent projects. Deliver scalable solutions designed with the user experience in mind. Mentor and train others on technical development standards and best practices. Requirements: · Must have experience building reports and dashboards on Workday platform. Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Economics, Statistics (or related field) or equivalent experience required. Professional Services experience a plus. 8+ years hands-on experience with analytics. Strong understanding of relational data concepts. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to effectively elicit and translate business requirements. Experience leading projects; able to prioritize work in a fast-paced environment Exceptional ability to visually present and communicate data, analyses, and findings. Great attention to detail to ensure highest level of quality/rigor in reports & data analysis. Ability to meet deadlines and handle varying workloads with a high degree of accuracy. Proactive, organized, detail oriented, and quality-driven. Ability to maintain discretion and confidentiality with sensitive information. LI-ML1