Big Data Engineer - 344549 We are a specialty retailer offering the very best of what’s next in fashion for men, women and children since 1901. JOIN US WHERE IT ALL BEGAN. Whether you design clothes or business strategies, crunch numbers, lead projects or write code, we have a place for you at our Seattle headquarters. And we think Seattle is a pretty great place to live. More than just rainy days and coffee, Seattle has it all — mountains and beaches, arts and parks, music and film. It's made up of quirky neighborhoods, award-winning restaurants, and thriving industry. Come see for yourself! Nordstrom Data and Services Technology is at the core of Nordstrom Technology and is pivotal to the Nordstrom customer experience. The team designs, develops and maintains software applications and services that support all of Data Engineering and Analytics business needs across multiple channels. This opportunity also provides various avenues to collaborate and influence several other platforms within Nordstrom Technology and have a company-wide impact – both business and engineering. Join the Nordstrom Cloud Data Pipeline Team! We believe that with our talented engineers, smart technology, and passionate customers we can deliver the best retail experience on the web. We’re looking for a cloud and data savvy engineer to help us maintain and improve our data pipelines that deliver data from source systems to a data lake in the cloud. Help us solve complex problems with data and automation, while ruthlessly pursuing incremental wins that scale our systems to the next level of sustained performance. While we don’t expect someone to know everything, we expect a great candidate is someone that is willing to learn new technologies where they lack knowledge. We value collaboration, innovation, and passion for delivery while sustaining work life balance. A day in the life... You will help us maintain and improve the data pipelines that acquire data from various data sources, such as transaction, customer, vendor, inventory, and land that data in the cloud to be used by various internal customers that vary from Supply Chain to Data Scientists. You will be working with various types of data sources that range from Oracle to ElasticSearch, and using technologies such as Kafka, NiFi, Spark, AWS, and more. This work enables the business to be more agile in decisions and serving the customer. You own this if you… Proficient in Java and Object-Oriented Programming Basic knowledge of relational databases Basic knowledge of AWS Kafka experience a plus Spark experience a plus NiFi experience a plus Oracle GoldenGate experience a plus We’ve got you covered... We offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, vision and dental coverage, a fabulous merchandise discount, an employer-matched 401(k) plan, employee stock purchase plan and much more depending on your role. _We are an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a diverse environment._ This job description is intended to describe the general nature of the work employees can expect within this particular job classification. It is certainly not a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required for this job. LI-JH2 Job : Technology Date Posted : 05/25/2018, 10:53:34 PM Location : United States-Washington-Seattle