Overview Axalta is a leading global company focused solely on coatings and providing customers with innovative, colorful, beautiful and sustainable solutions. From light OEM vehicles, automotive refinish and commercial vehicles to electric motors, buildings and pipelines, our coatings are designed to prevent corrosion, increase productivity and enable the materials we coat to last longer. With more than 145 years of experience in the coatings industry, the 12,000 people of Axalta continue to find ways to serve our more than 120,000 customers in 130 countries better every day with the finest coatings, application systems and technology. For more information visit axaltacoatingsystems.com and follow us @axalta on twitter. Responsibilities If you want to work with forward thinking people in a fast moving, innovative environment, Axalta offers you the best market-leading career opportunities. We are a unique company. While our name is new, we are backed by a 150-year legacy of providing some of the most advanced coating technologies to customers all over the world. We rank number one or two in all of the major business segments we serve. Our longstanding commitment to progressive research is setting new standards and pointing the way to beautiful and sustainable coating solutions for tomorrow. The Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for automating global reporting through effective data management using sophisticated reporting tools such as SQL, SAP BW, BEx Analyzer, MSBI, and Tableau. Responsibilities: Act as subject matter expert for content, processes, and development of business process systems and/or applications for all NA reporting. Plan and direct the analysis and reporting of a complex organization utilizing automated systems for reporting and data management. Provide technical assistance in identifying, evaluating, defining, and developing systems and procedures that are cost effective and meet user requirements. Ensure recoverability, integrity, security, availability, performance, and development of business systems. Ensure business processes are effectively mapped into software configurations. Maintain all Master Data/dimensions and hierarchies; monitor dimension hierarchy processing and applications within Data Management scope. Implement and support tools that provide custom web-based business analytics and standardized reporting. Partner with Finance, Marketing, Sales, IT, and Operations to streamline business processes and improve employee productivity. Lead complex projects through requirement definition, design, development, pilot, validation, deployment and training to provide cost effective solutions that satisfy user requirements. Ensure existing and newly developed tools are adequately documented and users are appropriately trained Identify and assess future changes or process improvements to automated reporting landscape. Qualifications Bachelor's Degree, preferably in MIS, Computer Science, Business Intelligence, or related field is required. The ideal candidate will have at least two (2) years of experience in a Business Intelligence reporting capacity. Candidate must be knowledgeable with SQL Server 2008/2012: SQL queries, stored procedures, views, able to load/transform/export data, familiar with SSMS. Experience with SSIS, SSAS a plus. Good understanding of Tableau Desktop, MS BI PowerPivot, PowerQuery. Experience with Tableau Server a plus. Tableau Administration experience a plus. Able to use Excel for rapid data cleansing (data transformations, formulas, vlookups, pivot tables, and other techniques). Experience with JavaScript, XML, JSON, SharePoint, .Net / aspx development. Ability to understand business requirements and develop intelligent dashboards and reports for customers. Soft skills: Comfort with tight timelines, changing and competing priorities. Communication skills: Able to work directly with non-technical business users to translate their needs into usable technical solutions. Comfortable operating in a primarily offshore IT support environment. Ownership mindset and ability to work independently. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, Axalta is committed to a diverse workforce. LI-GM1