Company Overview VERTEX is regarded as one of the premier engineering, construction, environmental and IT companies serving many top insurance companies, real estate owners, contractors, banks, real estate investors and attorneys across the country. VERTEX has 25 offices worldwide and a dedicated staff of over 450 engineers, architects, environmental, and construction professionals. VERTEX offers comprehensive solutions for construction and environmental exposures. With 55,000 projects completed since inception, our experience speaks for itself. In late 2013, VERTEX implemented an Employee Stock Ownership Program (ESOP). VERTEX’s employee-owners help our clients identify and mitigate risks to a project’s physical, environmental and economic well-being; it drives every decision we make. We offer highly personalized and customized service to address highly specialized challenges. By applying technical and scientific skills to our clients’ real business challenges, VERTEX creates integrated solutions that minimize risks while achieving the required results. For more information about VERTEX visit us here http://vertexeng.com/. Responsibilities The Vertex Companies, Inc. is looking for a dynamic, energetic Front Desk Receptionist who welcomes the challenge of joining our team in Aston, PA. VERTEX is a rapidly growing, multi-national consulting firm that is experiencing exponential growth, and we’re looking to augment our team of talented individuals. The Receptionist we are looking for will provide office support with a variety of administrative activities and related tasks. This position requires the ability to multitask with minimal supervision, providing support to VERTEX employees, from junior staff to senior management. Core Responsibilities Welcomes and directs all visitors such as clients, candidates, or vendors to the company. Receives, sorts, and distributes incoming and outgoing mail/parcels (FedEx, UPS, etc.). Answers incoming calls and direct the callers to the appropriate person. Warm transfer calls; voicemail is appropriate when the person is not available. Assists in the ordering, receiving, stocking and distribution of office supplies. Assists with other related administrative duties such as, data entry assistance, photocopying, faxing, and filing. Maintains safe and clean reception area/kitchen area. Supports with roll call and communicating actions. Embraces positive moral and engagement. Provide positive team support for all personnel and departments. Position Requirements Experience Experience answering calls in a pleasant & knowledgeable front desk environment. Minimum 1 year of experience in general administration. Knowledge & Skills Strong customer service focus. Energetic about taking on new tasks. Must be able to perform multiple tasks, handle multiple priorities, and have the ability to perform exceptionally under high stress conditions. Must have basic proficiency in computer operations and standard software packages (Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Adobe). Must have strong attention to detail. Spanish or other foreign language skills a plus. Physical Demands Occasionally lift and/or move up to 15 pounds. EEO Statement VERTEX is an equal opportunity employer committed to workforce diversity. M/F/D/V. 11