Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus. As a Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders. Your projects often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines. As a member of Google Cloud’s Advanced Solutions Lab (ASL) Team, you will have the opportunity to build innovative customer programs that are focused on machine learning solutions. The ASL allows businesses to partner with Google Cloud to apply Machine Learning to solve complex business challenges. The ASL is a unique opportunity for technical teams to partner with Google’s machine learning experts in Google dedicated facilities. As a Customer Solutions Manager, you'll be a well organized individual responsible for developing customer engagements. You'll oversee opportunity identification, assessment of potential business impact, structuring of commercial arrangements, while also leading customer discussions and managing agreements. This role provides the opportunity to develop creative and original industry-changing solutions. We are shaping the future of how machine learning is used across many industries and verticals. In this role, you will lead customer development and help to shape the future of this area. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible. Responsibilities Drive new business opportunities within Google ASL. Work closely with ASL Customer Engagement Managers and ensure smooth handoff for ongoing customer engagements Prepare and deliver weekly program updates that include progress toward goals, impact to the business and customer satisfaction Build a set of development metrics to accurately track progress, set and manage customer expectations with a focus on outcome based metrics that link programs to customer adoption of Google Cloud Establish strong working relationships with leaders of cross-functional teams to deliver customer machine learning solutions Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science, or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of Program Management or Strategic customer Management experience, leading projects or customers with multiple dependencies at a senior level. Experience with Machine Learning in corporations as a vendor, developer of solutions, consumer of solutions or consultant. Experience with enterprise cloud solutions, either with a technology provider or as a consumer in large corporations. Preferred qualifications: MBA degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience with strategic management consulting. Experience leading projects and managing multiple competing priorities in an ambiguous environment. Proven track record of delivering successfully within assigned timelines. Ability to interact with diverse technical and non-technical groups, spanning all organizational levels, and to deal with ambiguity and thrive in a rapidly changing environment. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.