Known for being a great place to work and build a career, KPMG provides audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today's most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It's also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it's no wonder we're consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you're as passionate about your future as we are, join our team. KPMG is currently seeking a Temporary Big Data SW Engineer to join our Advanced Analytics Organization Responsibilities: Assist the development of big data analytics and cloud applications to facilitate the work of data scientists and solution developers Work with KPMG industry experts to understand the needs and analytics use cases Support the Architecture, development, building, testing, and deployment of applications using iterative and agile-like development processes Translate advanced business analytics problems into technical approaches that yield actionable recommendations, in diverse domains such as risk management, product development, marketing research, supply chain and public policy Architect and develop applications for cloud environments utilizing cloud computing services Communicate results and educate others through insightful visualizations, presentations, and demonstrations Qualifications: Minimum of two years of Software Engineer experience; one year of experience with distributed computing and big data systems (such as Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Pig, Storm, Kafka), Relational Databases (RDBMS), SQL and NOSQL data stores Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Engineering, or related fields from an accredited college/university; Master's degree from an accredited college/university preferred Fluency in several programming languages such as Python, Java, or JavaScript, with the ability to pick up new languages and technologies quickly Experience working within a Cloud Environment, Azure preferred Proficiency with Git, Jira, Confluence and with Linux/Unix environments; proficiency with Agile software development Strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to work in dynamic team environments and multi-task effectively KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex/gender, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, physical or mental handicap unrelated to ability, pregnancy, veteran status, unfavorable discharge from military service, genetic information, personal appearance, family responsibility, matriculation or political affiliation, status with regard to public assistance, or other legally protected status. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192). No phone calls or agencies please.