We have an immediate need for a professional with a solution focused mindset to help our customers solve business challenges through the use of technology. The ideal consultant is an individual who wants to be part of an energetic, innovative and successful team. The Sparkhound analytics team needs business-savvy, experienced data platform & analytics professionals to help our clients find solutions to their most pressing problems. We are a “get it done,” cross discipline group that supports the full analytics life cycle including: business consulting, data integration, visualization, data science, and integration with Enterprise IT. All of our consultants work directly with clients, and we all code – even our managers. Sparkhound is technology agnostic, but at least 50% of our clients choose Microsoft products. You should be a serious SQL Server and Power BI practitioner - but able and willing to work with whatever tools our customers choose, including Python, R, Tableau, Spark, Excel, or whatever it takes to get the job done. Currently, we need an analytics professional with at least 5 years’ experience in traditional and “next generation” analytics technology to help us grow - to work with our existing clients and help find new ones. Professional Qualifications: 4-year degree (or work experience equivalent) with 5+ years of experience executing business intelligence and analytics projects. MBA or Master's Degree preferred. Special Skills: 5+ years of experience with business intelligence and analytics technologies including Microsoft BI and Tableau. Strong analysis skills backed by experience with big data, cloud computing, ERP systems, and data visualization tools. Experience executing and managing projects. Experience implementing machine learning and data science techniques including but not limited to: linear regression, decision trees, k-means clustering, neural networks, SVMs, etc. Advanced knowledge of information systems, metrics, and reports for Financial, Workforce, Sales & Marketing business functions. Advanced knowledge of common business modeling problems including: customer/employee retention, upsell/cross sell, risk management, collections management, fraud detection, etc. Ability to create a budget vs plan, account balance, exception, and other common report types. Understanding of visualization techniques including bar graphs, line graphs, box and whisker plots, tree maps, scatterplots, histograms, Pareto charts, control charts, small multiples, sparklines, and when such visualizations should be used. Understanding of relational, dimensional, and entity modeling techniques including Kimball data warehousing and willingness to develop expertise. Expert level knowledge of Microsoft Excel. Expert level knowledge of SQL. At least one data integration and modeling tool: SSIS, SSAS (Tabular), Microsoft Power Pivot, OLAP, Alteryx, Informatica, SAP Hana, etc. At least one enterprise reporting tool: SAP Business Objects, IBM Cognos, Microstrategy, Microsoft SSRS, etc. At least one data visualization tool: Power BI, Tableau, Spotfire, Qlik. A demonstrated interest in and understanding of emerging data architectures including real time data ingestion (Apache Kafka, Azure Event Hubs), NoSQL data stores (Hadoop, Spark, Microsoft CloudDB, etc), and column-store databases (Teradata, SAP Hana, Amazon Redshift, etc). Strong written and verbal communication skills. _Sparkhound Is An Equal Opportunity Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, sexual identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, veteran, military or marital status, genetic information or any other protected characteristics._