Description One part data scientist and one part collaboration expert, the Investment Data Manager position at the Washington State Investment Board (WSIB) will be focused on leading and assisting in optimizing investment data processes, improving investment data analytics, leveraging cloud technologies, and broadly providing the highest quality investment data for the WSIB, partners, and beneficiaries. This position would report to the Director of Innovation & Technology and would oversee a team of Investment Data Analysts, Investment Data Engineers, and Investment Data Scientists. Duties Manage, inspire, and lead a team of data analysts. Aid the agency in providing timely, consistent, and reliable investment master data. Work collaboratively across the organization to gather/interpret/report business needs and requirements as it relates to portfolio investment risk, performance, and investment data analysis and visualization needs. Improve, optimize, and transform key investment data processes across the organization and our partners utilizing LEAN methodologies and other best practices to enable continuous improvement. Advance the use of modern, cloud-based data analytic technologies to improve access to data via mobile platforms and harness the power of scalable computing and modern algorithms and tools. Help build a reliable investment data supply chain with the highest standards of data quality control. Develop and maintain high functioning relationships with investment team and support the data and analysis needs of the Risk Management and Asset Allocation unit as well as the asset classes. Define and catalog investment data classifications to promote data security, open data, and data awareness across the agency, partners, and beneficiaries. Play a key role in setting up analytics and production databases using industry best practices and new techniques. To meet identified needs of the organization, mastermind and build a variety of investment data related visualizations to aid in analysis and decision making. Develop visual aids and capabilities that enhance the Board and Committees discussions of the agency's portfolio investments. Interrogate large quantities of data and identify trends that lead to predictive analytics that anticipate impacts across aggregate datasets. Qualifications DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: The strongest candidate will possess: Bachelor's degree in either computer science, mathematics, or closely related field, AND at least five years' experience in analytics research and project management. A positive, forward looking approach that is solution focused and team oriented. Inherent analytical and quantitative abilities combined with an intellectual curiosity. Familiarity with analytical software such as Tableau, SS&C Anova, Style Research, Bloomberg, and BarraOne. Strong leadership and management skills that emphasize a strength-based mindset and emotional intelligence. Knowledge of investment fundamentals. Relevant investment certifications (e.g., CFA, RM) are preferred but not required. Excellent written and verbal communication skills highlighting the ability to distill ideas and concepts succinctly. Strong proficiency in data analysis and visualization, particularly with large complex datasets. Ability to implement and manage systems for completing work and keeping a wide-variety of projects on track. Adept at knowledge discovery and data inference and exploration, as well as predictive and prescriptive analytics approaches. Strong SQL & Python skills and knowledge are preferred. A passion, creativity, and curiosity about investments, securities, asset management, and macroeconomics. Ability to decompose a given business question and frame it as a series of analytical tasks. Ability to write almost in plain English how an algorithm or query works. Demonstrates intellectual curiosity resulting in influence over what data queries are run, what data the agency should be interested in evaluating, and identifying what the agency might not know but would be interested to know or understand. Demonstrates outside the box thinking and not limiting answers to only solve the problems or questions that have been posed. Supplemental Information In addition to a complete profile, please attach: A cover letter specifying why this position is of interest to you, and how you meet the qualifications listed above. This letter should be no more than two pages. A current chronological resume. SPECIAL REQUIREMENT: Prior to a new hire, a background check including criminal record history will be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment but will be considered in determining applicant's suitability and competence to perform in the position. Contact: Mary Hougan: HR@sib.wa.gov: 360-956-4716