Overview Milestone Technologies, Inc. is a leading IT Managed Services and IT Professional Services solutions provider headquartered in the Bay Area and serving clients globally. Our unique approach to IT Managed Services includes Contact Center Services, Internal IT Support, Data Center Operations, Workforce Solutions, and IT Professional Services. This role is responsible for, but not limited to, processing security and access permissions for new employees and contractors, as well as existing personnel, visitors and others requiring building access. You will also activate or deactivate photo identification cards, program each access using CCURE, answer security telephones, file office paperwork, keep records and perform additional duties as appropriate. Responsibilities Operate computer terminal and badge printers Assist employees, contractors, and guests with attaining proper access badges Ensure that all processes and guidelines are followed when creating and distributing access badges Remove access privileges from CCURE when access is no longer granted Identify issues with badging processes and equipment, and bring to attention of applicable GS team Work flexible hours Add new employees to CCure database Input, renew and deactivate badges in system Maintain files on Non-CLIENT workers Responsible for tracking badges issued to new employees and Contractors Maintain Termination Statistics Update Restricted Access Levels Generate reports from the system Assist with projects as needed Other duties as assigned by client or Milestone management. Develop insightful recommendations to address complex operational and strategic problems. Evaluate the impact of proposed changes, with attention to scalability and sustainability over time. Create project plans and build consensus among diverse sets of stakeholders. Qualifications Experience in creating and modifying access badges in CCURE Experience working in Physical Security with exposure to global operations or projects Experience in customer service oriented office Ability to quickly learn and master new technology. Excellent communication and presentation skills. Education: Bachelor’s degree preferred. Additional Requirements: Strong work ethic and high level of discretion Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite of Applications Excellent verbal and written communication skills. o Able to adapt communication style to suit different audiences. o Effective facilitation skills, able to facilitate group discussions. o Attention to detail, able to develop accurate written materials. o Action orientated, able to follow up on feedback to ensure positive outcomes. o Demonstrated ability to interact cordially and communicate with the public.