Position Summary Responsible for the ongoing management of information security policies, procedures, and technical systems in order to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information. Responsible for implementing, managing, and enforcing information security directives as mandated by the SSHEC Information Security framework. The individual manages daily security operations and assists in the development of architecture designs, changes, and configuration management in support of information technology security initiatives; conduct technical evaluations, and make recommendations to the Information Technology group. All duties to be performed in a manner that promotes a team concept and is consistent with the culture and mission of the Health System. Education & Experience · Bachelor's degree in computer science, Information Technology or other technical field preferred. · 3-5 years' experience in the management of both physical and logical information security systems. · Information Security certification; e.g., CompTIA Security+, CSSP, GSEC, GIAC or other equivalent certification is preferred. · Knowledge of compliance areas and security frameworks, to include HIPAA, MA 201 CMR 17, NIST, HITRUST CSF, COBIT, SOC 2, ISO 27002, FISMA 800-53/MARS-E. · Hands-on experience with day-to-day operational support of various security tools and controls; e.g., security frameworks and standards, access control systems, endpoint protection, anti-virus/malware, encryption, patching, firewall and security log management and monitoring tools. Skills & Knowledge · Strong technical skills with significant hands on experience in application and operating system hardening, end point protection, anti-virus/malware systems, vulnerability assessments, security audits, intrusion detection systems, etc. · Must have proven experience managing multiple, complex, enterprise security projects. · Experience with securing virtual environments and cloud-based solutions. · Experience with risk analysis and the implementation of vulnerability management programs and related tools and systems. · Experience with developing and providing an information security awareness and training program. · Experience with developing and maintaining information security policies and standards. · Experience with information security related issues involving identity and access management, intrusion detection, forensics, incident management, risk management and auditing.