Summary/Objective This full-time, exempt position works in collaboration with the Advancement Team creating reports, generating targeted mailing lists, assisting in research, stewardship and donor management. This position will require user support as needed. Essential Functions Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 1\. Supports and maintains database applications. Maintain donor profiles Ensure gift agreements are received and properly filed Implement and ensure acknowledgement protocol 2\. Conducts system tuning, performance monitoring and database maintenance. Supports and maintains Raiser’s Edge data integrity Maintains Raiser’s Edge database applications 3\. Develops reports and custom requests for users. Develops and Maintain accurate gift reports Develops and Maintains custom reports Create targeted mailing lists by donor groups, program, other Review mailing lists to ensure data integrity and appropriate groups are included Maintain lists of donors for recognitions in JCC magazine, website, and on permanent recognition Maintain updated list of naming opportunities Work with Advancement staff to prepare stewardship reports Creates other reports as required 4\. Assists CAO with additional administrative support and user support when needed. Track donor engagement steps and report progress Track grant timelines for submitting and reporting Research corporate and foundation grant makers Research potential and current donors Prepare materials and information needed for donor meetings Physical Demands This is largely a sedentary role; however, some filing is required. This would require the ability to lift files, open filing cabinets and bending or standing on a stool as necessary. Position Type/Expected Hours of Work Some flexibility in hours is allowed, but the employee must be available during the “core” work hours of 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Required Education and Experience 2+ years of related experience: Working in Fundraising Working with Non-Profits Working with Fundraising Database Knowledge of reporting, creation targeted of mailing lists Researching individuals, corporations, and foundations Knowledge of accounting, donor recognition Additional Eligibility Qualifications Prior experience with Raiser’s Edge and Daxko Software programs a plus! Other computer knowledge required: Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Work, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Power Point, Mail Merge, MIPS (preferred), Camp Minder (preferred) or other fundraising database. Other Duties Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.