We're looking for entrepreneurial and creative engineers to join a team of talented, passionate developers. The qualified individual will have a proven track record of delivering high quality results, while thriving in a quickly paced environment. The individual will be responsible for all aspects of software engineering, from design to implementation, QA and maintenance. This position is to support the application development within the American Express Global Business Travel supporting our corporate travel business. You Will: Touch code at every level – from the UI, to the backend services, down to the database Design complex systems Perform rapid prototyping, with the ability to quickly go from mock-ups to implementation Work closely with our product and design teams to define feature specifications Ensures accuracy in terms of asset management for the portfolio supported May lead teams performing architecture initiatives from inception to conclusion Full Stack Engineer Hands on HTML 5 & CSS experience. Hands on Angular 2/4/5/6 experience. Hands on Bootstrap Experience. Hands on experience building cross browser responsive websites Hands on experience in using Redhat Openshift infrastructure. Hands on experience in building scalable applications Experience using GIT, Postman, Swagger. Experience with Dev-ops Good understanding of REST Services Good understanding of JSON data structures. Strong understanding of No-SQL & RDBMS concepts, PostgreSQL experience is a plus. Experience in supporting Linux deployment environments Ability and willingness to adapt and thrive in a dynamic team that follows Agile software development methodology Hands on experience in working in applications designed using microservice architecture Preferred qualifications: Understanding of Travel Industry - GDS, OTA & Open Data standards LI-PRIORITY Location United States>Arizona>Phoenix It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all individuals based on job-related qualifications and ability to perform a job, without regard to age, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, creed, national origin, disability, genetic information, veteran status, citizenship or marital status, and to maintain a non-discriminatory environment free from intimidation, harassment or bias based upon these grounds. GBT Recruitment Privacy Statement