Overview Guidepoint’s Engineering team thrives on problem solving and creating happier users. As Guidepoint works to achieve it’s mission of making individuals, businesses, and the world smarter through personalized knowledge-sharing solutions, the engineering team is taking on challenges to improve our internal CRM system and create new products to optimize the seamless delivery of our services. The Business Analyst will support Guidepoint’s growth by gathering business and product requirements from internal stakeholders, analyzing data to validate business opportunity, and delivering software requirements to quality assurance and engineering teams for implementation. The ideal candidate will be highly analytical with proven experience delivering results. What You'll Do Analyze and solve business problems at their root, stepping back to understand the broader context. Use data mining and other analytical techniques to validate and measure business opportunity. Manage and execute entire projects from start to finish including project management, requirements gathering, system analysis, problem solving, and communication of insights and recommendations. Define workflows, use cases, and detailed business logic Identify, vet and manage third party software providers, including API integration Work daily with QA and Engineering to guide them from product/feature development through to launch Assist Product Managers with roll out planning and launch of new solutions to market including use facing documentation What You Have 3+ years of experience in Business/Systems Analysis, or equivalent experience such as Consulting, Finance, or Operations Detailed understanding of software development processes including the ability to assess feasibility without consulting Engineers Advanced Excel skills required, using large-scale, complex datasets Basic SQL or programming knowledge is a plus Proven ability to solve complex business challenges Demonstrated ability to operate both strategically and tactically in a high-energy, fast-paced environment Knowledge of data visualization and exploration tools (Looker, Tableau, etc.) What We Have: Competitive compensation Free snacks and beverages Excellent medical, dental, and vision coverage for you and your dependents 401(k) match, life insurance, commuter benefits, corporate gym rates, paid time-off and parental leave plans Friday happy hour and “Summer Fridays” Year-round corporate athletic league Casual work environment About Guidepoint: Guidepoint, a leading expert network firm, connects clients with vetted subject matter experts—Advisors—from their global professional network. Guidepoint clients leverage the insights and perspectives shared by Advisors to stay informed and make better business decisions. Its slate of services, including phone consultations, surveys, events and proprietary data insights products, help professionals gain comprehensive understanding of a topic before making strategic or investment decisions. Guidepoint’s multinational client list includes 9 of the top 10 consulting firms and some of the largest hedge funds, private equity firms and Fortune-ranked public companies. For more information, visit www.guidepoint.com.