Cloud Win10 O365 COE Solution Architect - 037922 Description Role : Cloud O365, WIN10 Architect/Director COE Business Area: Cloud Infrastructure Services – Cloud Projects and Consulting Working Pattern : Full Time About Capgemini : Now with 210,000 people in over 40 countries, Capgemini is one of the world's foremost providers of consulting, technology and outsourcing services. Together with its clients, Capgemini creates and delivers business, technology and digital solutions that fit their needs, enabling them to achieve innovation and competitiveness. A deeply multicultural organization, Capgemini has developed its own way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM, and draws on Rightshore®, its worldwide delivery model. About Infrastructure Services : The Cloud Infrastructure Services Business Unit is Cagemini’s consulting and infrastructure build and run capabilities with the provisioning and support of cloud based services. Cloud Infra Services provides infrastructure outsourcing services, including data center, helpdesk and network support, as well as providing service integration and service maintenance support. Other services include infrastructure transformation services, helping clients consolidate and migrate workloads and entire datacentres. Cloud Infra Services also help clients virtualize and optimise their IT estates. As part of the integrated cloud offering from Capgemini, Cloud Infrastructure Services delivers a broad range of cloud service under Cloud Choice to build and support the hybrid cloud estate encompassing the leading public cloud players and leading private cloud technologies. Main Purpose of the Role: This is a client facing role supporting our Center Of Excellence (CoE) contributing to pre-sales activities, portfolio activities, customization and alliances for the Infrastructure Services Global Cloud Practice. The purpose of the role is to be the main customer facing point of contact for all cloud project and consulting work. The successful applicant will work closely with the customer ensuring a highly satisfied customer experience. This role includes ownership of technical, commercial and service elements related to cloud project engagements. Orchestrate Capgemini’s methods, assets and tools from end-to-end in the design of solutions which enable major deal wins and which leverage cloud technologies. The geographic focus is North America; and there is a secondary purpose of the role to support the capability growth in North America through recruitment. Ensure that we are delivering what is expected by : o Ensuring that the architecture meets the functional and non-functional requirements. o Ensuring that the architecture complies with the overall Client’s IT policies and strategies, obtaining authorised waivers where deviation is required. o Ensuring that the architecture is consistent with and supports the productivity and financial performance objectives of the project. The successfully hired candidate will be customer facing and ensure high customer satisfaction delivering cloud projects. The candidate would ensure a highly satisfied customer experience and drive to reduce labour input, costs, implementation time, and time to benefit. The candidate will help increase profit margins and enhance consistent delivery and operational efficiency. The candidate must expect to work in parallel across multiple deals and look to assist in the industrialisation of the process to support the rapid timescales opportunities demand. The successful candidate must have a fully-flexible approach to working hours and working away from home during the week; willing to work nationally, with the potential to work internationally if desired. Key Role & Responsibility: This is a client facing role in the project delivery cycle. This role will work closely with clients, partners and other business units to ensure consulting engagements are successful. The role is responsible for understanding the client’s business needs and clearly translating the Statement of Work to the successful delivery of the Project. The candidate will be expected to work as part of a delivery team, working alongside overall project manager to deliver a successful cloud consulting engagement. He/she must be fully flexible and mobile across the US and possibly EMEA for extended periods and potentially across the Capgemini Group Proven experience in cloud infrastructure project deals for cloud assessments and cloud migrations Strong client facing skills and a good listener. Ability to push a point/right solution to different stakeholders (both technical and non-technical) A strong background in end to end infrastructure technologies and architecture, ideally from more than one company Project delivery for application discovery service both agent and agentless. Provide application modeling. AWS/AZURE expertise gained from production application deployment, proven experience of delivering complex cloud project engagements Excellent verbal and written communications skills; excellent presentation and facilitation skills; Possess the ability to clearly articulate the pros and cons of technology choices and solution design decisions and to construct and present rational options to clients and prospective clients on the options they have; Comfortable facilitating group discussions and leading client strategy and design activities; able to translate client needs and opportunities into architecture specifications that can be referred to by the analyst, development and migration teams; Have a focus on getting the job done and done properly; Be willing to learn, grow and stretch into new roles and different industries/domains; Have a fully-flexible approach to working hours and working away from home during the week; willing to work nationally, with the potential to work internationally if desired. Essential skills, knowledge & experience: The include the ability to understand and communicate the following at an executive level both internally and externally: 0365/Win 10 / Azure Architecture experience ideally with the appropriate vendor certification Understanding of hybrid cloud solutions and experience of integrating public cloud into tradition hosting/delivery models Strong understanding of cloud migration techniques (on premise to Cloud Platforms) OS365/AZURE/Win10 expertise gained from production application deployment, proven experience of delivering complex cloud project engagements Exchange MCM (Ranger) and MCSE: Productivity Certified Senior Architect lead on multiple Office 365/Exchange Hybrid projects for at least (4) of the following Industries (Finance, Banking, HealthCare, Government, Retail, Insurance, Entertainment) Clients must range in size from 2,000 – 50,000+ users Experience with Multi-Forest, Multi-Tenant, Multi-Geo Office 365 Deployments Design and Implementation SME with multiple Single Sign On solutions (Azure AD Premium/Conditional Access, ADFS, Okta, Centrify, Ping) Deep Knowledge of two of the following (Skype/Teams, OneDrive, SharePoint, Intune) Deep Knowledge of most of the Office 365 E5 security features Deep Knowledge with Azure AD Connect, Active Directory (2008 – 2016), DNS, Firewalls, Load Balancers and Web Proxies Deep Knowledge with Email Aware Application integrations (UM, UC, MFP’s, Fax, CRM, ERP, MDM, etc) Excellent verbal and written communications skills; excellent presentation and facilitation skills Qualifications Role : Cloud O365, WIN10 Architect/Director COE Business Area: Cloud Infrastructure Services – Cloud Projects and Consulting Working Pattern : Full Time About Capgemini : Now with 210,000 people in over 40 countries, Capgemini is one of the world's foremost providers of consulting, technology and outsourcing services. Together with its clients, Capgemini creates and delivers business, technology and digital solutions that fit their needs, enabling them to achieve innovation and competitiveness. A deeply multicultural organization, Capgemini has developed its own way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM, and draws on Rightshore®, its worldwide delivery model. About Infrastructure Services : The Cloud Infrastructure Services Business Unit is Cagemini’s consulting and infrastructure build and run capabilities with the provisioning and support of cloud based services. Cloud Infra Services provides infrastructure outsourcing services, including data center, helpdesk and network support, as well as providing service integration and service maintenance support. Other services include infrastructure transformation services, helping clients consolidate and migrate workloads and entire datacentres. Cloud Infra Services also help clients virtualize and optimise their IT estates. As part of the integrated cloud offering from Capgemini, Cloud Infrastructure Services delivers a broad range of cloud service under Cloud Choice to build and support the hybrid cloud estate encompassing the leading public cloud players and leading private cloud technologies. Main Purpose of the Role: This is a client facing role supporting our Center Of Excellence (CoE) contributing to pre-sales activities, portfolio activities, customization and alliances for the Infrastructure Services Global Cloud Practice. The purpose of the role is to be the main customer facing point of contact for all cloud project and consulting work. The successful applicant will work closely with the customer ensuring a highly satisfied customer experience. This role includes ownership of technical, commercial and service elements related to cloud project engagements. Orchestrate Capgemini’s methods, assets and tools from end-to-end in the design of solutions which enable major deal wins and which leverage cloud technologies. The geographic focus is North America; and there is a secondary purpose of the role to support the capability growth in North America through recruitment. Ensure that we are delivering what is expected by : o Ensuring that the architecture meets the functional and non-functional requirements. o Ensuring that the architecture complies with the overall Client’s IT policies and strategies, obtaining authorised waivers where deviation is required. o Ensuring that the architecture is consistent with and supports the productivity and financial performance objectives of the project. The successfully hired candidate will be customer facing and ensure high customer satisfaction delivering cloud projects. The candidate would ensure a highly satisfied customer experience and drive to reduce labour input, costs, implementation time, and time to benefit. The candidate will help increase profit margins and enhance consistent delivery and operational efficiency. The candidate must expect to work in parallel across multiple deals and look to assist in the industrialisation of the process to support the rapid timescales opportunities demand. The successful candidate must have a fully-flexible approach to working hours and working away from home during the week; willing to work nationally, with the potential to work internationally if desired. Key Role & Responsibility: This is a client facing role in the project delivery cycle. This role will work closely with clients, partners and other business units to ensure consulting engagements are successful. The role is responsible for understanding the client’s business needs and clearly translating the Statement of Work to the successful delivery of the Project. The candidate will be expected to work as part of a delivery team, working alongside overall project manager to deliver a successful cloud consulting engagement. He/she must be fully flexible and mobile across the US and possibly EMEA for extended periods and potentially across the Capgemini Group Proven experience in cloud infrastructure project deals for cloud assessments and cloud migrations Strong client facing skills and a good listener. Ability to push a point/right solution to different stakeholders (both technical and non-technical) A strong background in end to end infrastructure technologies and architecture, ideally from more than one company Project delivery for application discovery service both agent and agentless. Provide application modeling. AWS/AZURE expertise gained from production application deployment, proven experience of delivering complex cloud project engagements Excellent verbal and written communications skills; excellent presentation and facilitation skills; Possess the ability to clearly articulate the pros and cons of technology choices and solution design decisions and to construct and present rational options to clients and prospective clients on the options they have; Comfortable facilitating group discussions and leading client strategy and design activities; able to translate client needs and opportunities into architecture specifications that can be referred to by the analyst, development and migration teams; Have a focus on getting the job done and done properly; Be willing to learn, grow and stretch into new roles and different industries/domains; Have a fully-flexible approach to working hours and working away from home during the week; willing to work nationally, with the potential to work internationally if desired. Essential skills, knowledge & experience: The include the ability to understand and communicate the following at an executive level both internally and externally: 0365/Win 10 / Azure Architecture experience ideally with the appropriate vendor certification Understanding of hybrid cloud solutions and experience of integrating public cloud into tradition hosting/delivery models Strong understanding of cloud migration techniques (on premise to Cloud Platforms) OS365/AZURE/Win10 expertise gained from production application deployment, proven experience of delivering complex cloud project engagements Exchange MCM (Ranger) and MCSE: Productivity Certified Senior Architect lead on multiple Office 365/Exchange Hybrid projects for at least (4) of the following Industries (Finance, Banking, HealthCare, Government, Retail, Insurance, Entertainment) Clients must range in size from 2,000 – 50,000+ users Experience with Multi-Forest, Multi-Tenant, Multi-Geo Office 365 Deployments Design and Implementation SME with multiple Single Sign On solutions (Azure AD Premium/Conditional Access, ADFS, Okta, Centrify, Ping) Deep Knowledge of two of the following (Skype/Teams, OneDrive, SharePoint, Intune) Deep Knowledge of most of the Office 365 E5 security features Deep Knowledge with Azure AD Connect, Active Directory (2008 – 2016), DNS, Firewalls, Load Balancers and Web Proxies Deep Knowledge with Email Aware Application integrations (UM, UC, MFP’s, Fax, CRM, ERP, MDM, etc) Excellent verbal and written communications skills; excellent presentation and facilitation skills Schedule : Full-time Primary Location : US-TX-Dallas Other Locations : US-GA-Atlanta, US-MA-Boston, US-IL-Chicago Organization : CIS US PandC