Description: The Senior IT Business Analyst for Human Resources is responsible for optimizing and automating key HR business processes and systems integration. They will work within the Human Resource segment to gather business requirements, design solutions, data mine and create comprehensive analytics to support the Human Capital requirements for the organization. Position will lead the strategy of how we can best utilize the capabilities of our systems across basic HCM, Payroll, Absence Management, Advanced Compensation, Performance Management and organizational design. The leader in this position will work collaboratively within the HR team to ensure adequate definition of needs, solution designs and flawless deployments. Primary Responsibilities: Support and configuration of HCM package, business analysis and reporting using Business Intelligence features. Provide support for workforce management, compensation, absence management, advanced comp and performance management. Configure, test, and deploy HR business analytics processes Prepare ad-hoc queries using ADP / BI reporting features and calculations Develop system solutions and requested enhancements Identify system issues, conduct analyses and form conclusions Assist the business with the strategy of implementing and integrating new software to our business processes Develop security protocols and provide user access to various HR reporting outputs Support analytics configuration and integration of other HR applications in the areas of workforce planning, compensation, employee engagement, staffing and learning management Candidate must possess experience across the software development lifecycle: including identifying business requirements, designing and implementing technical solutions, integration with and installation of vendor solutions. Monitors effectiveness of current business practices and identifies areas for improvement/innovation. Has exceptional skills and expertise of business processes, and IT systems. Is an expert on business unit operations and business need for IT / Analytics solutions Deep functional knowledge of HRIS systems, Data Warehouse and various system components. Proven ability to manage successfully complex, cross-functional and global projects with a Passion for People and Technology Software Experience: SQL Server, SSIS, BIDS, Cognos reporting, Oracle, Brio, Cold Fusion, HTML, App Development, Java Script, Visual Basic, VBA (MSAccess, Excel Macros), Crystal Reports, EssBase. SPSS, MS Office Education Qualifications and Certifications: Bachelor's degree in Information Systems Technology or comparable area of study Minimum 5 years related experience required. Must possess excellent communication skills (written/verbal), along with an ability to work independently and/or in a team environment. Must be organized, flexible and able to handle multiple tasks and projects at a time. Must be able to prioritize multiple tasks effectively.