Los Angeles, California Content Be an integral part of Netflix bringing delight to viewers and help transform the way content is created and distributed. The Creative Technologies and Infrastructure team is responsible for building and supporting world-class creative production environments at Netflix owned and leased production facilities worldwide. Our core philosophy is people over process. More specifically, we have great people working together as a dream team. With this approach, we are a more flexible, fun, stimulating, creative, and successful organization. Take a look at our culture deck. If the culture and position resonate, we would love to speak. We are looking for a Cloud Engineer, based out of our Los Angeles Headquarters, to join the Netflix Creative Technologies and Infrastructure team. This team is responsible for the effective design, implementation, and support of production ready systems and infrastructure at facilities around the world. As our lead cloud engineer you will be our go to person for recommendations and engineering regarding cloud based workflows and architectures as it relates to the production of motion pictures. You will collaborate with multiple departments to implement cloud based solutions and workflows for our creatives, bridge knowledge gaps between teams, proactively identify inefficiencies and improvements, and develop solutions. Responsibilities Work with our creative product specialist and various internal teams to generate cloud based enterprise devops solutions Rethink and redesign creative production pipelines to function in a cloud based and geographically distributed workflow Design, build and deploy creative workstation images and production infrastructure in AWS Skills, Knowledge, and Qualifications Deep technical and working knowledge of the AWS ecosystem including tools, SDKs, IDE Toolkits, and Command Line Tools Working knowledge of Chef / Puppet / Ansible / Salt to create standardized and scalable infrastructure Experience with containers, container orchestration, and CI/CD. Bonus for work with Titus and Spinnaker An understanding of performance limitations in the cloud as it relates to storage, networking, and instance types Ability to collaborate with internal teams to proactively develop scalable solutions 3+ years working with AWS in the media and entertainment industry Self motivated with a proven track record of success designing and deploying infrastructure in AWS Working knowledge of M &E pipelines and workflows Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, lucidly communicate complex situations, develop solution strategies, mobilize resources, and deliver results