To lead a team of specialists and managers to provide data acquisition, analysis, and distribution services to FFS (Fund Financial Services), IMG (Investment Management Group), and other enterprise clients and stakeholders enhancing investment decisions, and fund oversight. Accountable to ensure team’s services meet FFS, IMG and enterprise expectations. Anticipates client needs and leads initiatives to improve service delivery. Duties & Responsibilities Leads and manages staff, creating an engaged and positive team atmosphere. Provides guidance, training and motivation as necessary to develop staff. Hires, evaluates, and counsels personnel. Follows corporate disciplinary procedures per established Vanguard standards, as required. Sets challenging performance standards, reviews performance, provides feedback, and recommends wage increases in accordance with all applicable Human Resources policies and procedures. Leads a team of specialists and managers to provide data acquisition, analysis, and distribution services to FFS (Fund Financial Services), IMG (Investment Management Group), and other enterprise clients and stakeholders, enhancing investment decisions and fund oversight. Accountable for meeting the tactical and strategic objectives per assigned data domain and to ensure team’s service meets FFS and IMG's expectations. Contributes to the advancement and provide leadership in support of Vanguard’s global investment data management strategy. Evaluates team performance through the use of metrics and uses this data to identify, track, and measure improvement initiatives. Obtains client feedback and coaches and develops crew to continually improve service delivery and the client experience. Proactively identifies and mitigates external events and regulatory changes that impact team. Anticipates client needs and develops impact and mitigation approaches. Accountable for team’s adherence to Vanguard’s policies. Leads team in its support of new projects and initiatives. Considers global impact of changes to team and clients and ensures clear communication and smooth implementation. Enables change by setting a vision for the team that aligns with department and enterprise goals. Influences crew to work together to reach vision and aspirational goals. Develops and implements plans to achieve departmental and corporate objectives. Maintains a compliant and high-performing service environment, ensuring service level agreements are met and continuously improved upon. Sets measurable goals and examines ways to raise standards, to increase quality, and to improve overall performance of the unit. Works with management in the planning, development, and execution of short and long-range goals. Manages stakeholders relationships, while understanding needs to prioritize team action. Fully understands impact of team’s service activities to support resource planning and drives a client-first culture through the development of strategic relationships with leaders and internal clients across FFS, IMG, and Vanguard. Continues to develop knowledge of financial markets, securities, and global investment data themes to bring an informed perspective to the data management process and help drive strategies. Understands key drivers that impact the team and its clients, utilizing knowledge to identify opportunities that enable the operations to continuously improve. Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned. Qualifications Undergraduate degree (Accounting/Finance preferred) or equivalent combination of training and experience. Graduate degree preferred. Minimum of seven years relevant work experience, including five years plus project management experience and three years leadership and crew development experience preferred. Demonstrated expertise of financial concepts and analytical capabilities. Ability to quickly become knowledgeable in current and future policies, practices, trends, and information affecting the Data Management organization with a commitment to enhancing knowledge of global financial services industry. Assertively seeks out information through internal and external business partners and industry network. Exceptional client relationship, leadership, organizational and interpersonal skills. Proven ability to effectively communicate with external providers, internal business clients and crew members at all levels. Excellent judgment and ability to analyze issues quickly and independently to take appropriate action with minimal supervision. Demonstrated ability to function in a fast paced, ambiguous working environment with multiple and diverse responsibilities. Demonstrated ability to lead and motivate others. Excellent leadership and interpersonal skills. Ability to lead initiatives to desired conclusion while fostering teamwork and development. Advanced knowledge and skills using current versions of the Microsoft Office Suite. Fosters a working environment that generates team building, creative thinking and crew development. Self-starter with the ability to drive change, generate creative approaches/solutions and the desire to shape a "best in class" global organization. Exceptional leadership and interpersonal/client relationship skills. Ability to manage a diverse group of professionals and skilled at working through others along with experience in building and leading teams. Demonstrated executive presence and poise. Additional Information This individual will lead a large and complex functional team accountable for the production of gold copy data to ensure accurate and timely execution of the team's key deliverables in accordance with SLA's. He or she will perform process oversight ensuring team’s compliance with various control standards and encouraging proactive issue resolution. Vanguard is not offering visa sponsorship for this position.