A Great Place to Work Last year, we transformed the P2P payments industry with Zelle. 247-million transactions and $75-billion later, consumers love us as much as our amazing team of talented people. Come join the most INNOVATIVE FinTech company in Arizona. Overall Purpose This position designs, develops, tests and maintains infrastructure as code and containerized product applications. Essential Functions Designs, develops, documents, tests, and debugs new and existing Ruby configuration management (Chef and Terraform) infrastructure as code. Contributes to requirements analysis and design. Provides critical input in design meetings and analyzes user needs to determine technical requirements Writes technical specifications (based on conceptual design and business requirements). Identifies and evaluates new technologies for implementation. Analyzes code to determine the cause of errors. Consults with end user(s) to prototype, refine, test, and debug programs. Desired Skills Automation Ability to analyze results of automated deployment scripts and make modifications. General Requirements Ability to prepare detailed design documents from requirements Experience with various software environments and network topologies Understanding of distributed, component-based architecture Experience with networking and/or telecommunications protocols Technical design skills (UML experience a plus) DevOps Linux/Cloud DevOps Engineer Ability to deliver infrastructure via automation (Chef) Understanding of containerization/container orchestration Working knowledge of Amazon Web Services Windows DevOps Engineer 2+ years of experience in projects using Chef, Ruby, PowerShell Ability to deliver infrastructure via automation (Chef) Understanding of Windows architecture (2008, 2012, Active Directory) Big Data DevOps Engineer Ability to use Unix/Linux command line programs and create/edit scripts. Ability to deliver infrastructure via automation (Chef) Understanding of big data technologies (Hadoop/Cassandra) Platform Ability to proactively monitor health of environment (via application performance monitor) Prepares performance summary documents Maintains inventory of infrastructure Executes, produces, and reports test metrics Assists new staff on testing techniques and test methodologies Support Ability to respond to situations in a timely manner, and meet deadlines Ability to support/maintain existing products and add new features Support UAT/production applications as needed Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously Participate in on-call rotation Collaboration Agile/Lean methodologies experience Understanding of an iterative software development process Ability to estimate project activities and tasks DevOps evangelist Participates and follows change management processes Experience Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and/or 4+ or more years of related industry experience. Approved background and drug screen is required. Physical Requirements Working conditions consist of a normal office environment. Work is primarily sedentary and requires extensive use of a computer and involves sitting for periods of approximately four hours. Work may require occasional standing, walking, kneeling and reaching. Must be able to lift 50 pounds occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently. Requires visual acuity and dexterity to view, prepare, and manipulate documents and office equipment including personal computers. Requires the ability to communicate with internal and/or external customers. Employee must be able to perform essential functions and physical requirements of position with or without reasonable accommodation. _Early Warning is an equal opportunity employer that takes affirmative action to employ, and advance in employment, qualified minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and covered veterans._