Mesa,Arizona,United States HAAANB The BDS Supplier Management Organization is looking for Procurement Coordinators to assist our current teams in an effort to drive consistency and efficiency within the organization. The tasks the coordinators will perform include, but are not limited to, the following: Completing procurement responsibilities for low value, non-complex procurements and releases to previously negotiated strategic agreements. Support Procurement Agents in the completion of procurement transactions as determined by assigned manager. Support Delivery Management activities by completing change management requests, updating supplier delivery tools, reconciling items in grief and performing Line of Balance follow up. Assist with order management activities by reviewing consumer based ordering compliance, managing repair initiation and coordinating tooling needs at the suppliers. Enter data, extract data and perform updates of databases for procurement agents, management and other customers to ensure data integrity and timeliness. Collect, organized, edit and provide data from various computer systems and databases to procurement agents and management in order to effectively evaluate processes and performance within the procurement cycle. Schedule and organize meetings, record and distribute meeting minutes and agendas, process and file forms and documentation, and perform other administrative tasks to assist in the efficiency of procurement operations. Communicate with procurement agents and internal customers to assist in the identification and resolution of issues associated with the procurement cycle such as quotes, billing, contracts and other documentation discrepancies to ensure contractual compliance. Gather documentation (e.g., drawings, specifications, statements of work) from various data sources and assist in the distribution to suppliers in order to define contractual requirements. Initiate and execute supplier improvement activities and integrates results into contracting strategies. Assist in the closeout management process via invoice reconciliation efforts and Purchase Contract closeout activities. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. Typical Education / Experience: High school diploma or GED and typically 1 or more years' related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Required Qualifications: High School Diploma or GED Experience utilizing Microsoft Office Suite, including Outlook, Excel, Word and PowerPoint This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Preferred Qualifications: Experience as a Procurement Coordinator and/or Administrator Experience working with Procurement, Supplier Management, Supply Chain, Material Management and/or Logistics processes Experience supporting Department of Defense (DOD) Supply processes Experience collecting data from multiple sources to create reports Experience coordinating and scheduling meetings Yes, 10 % of the Time BDS Supply Chain Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company