Req ID: 20586 Shift: Days Employment Status: AF - Active - Regular - Full Time Job Summary An IS Developer III is a senior level position responsible for creating solutions to business problems by designing, testing, and programming software applications. This role will work closely with business partners, analyst and cross functional teams to translate requirements into workable programming code. This roles is a subject matter expert in their domain that will lead teams on complex projects and mentor junior developers. Job Responsibilities Performs routine operational support, maintenance and system configuration as defined in departmental operating procedures. Identifies, analyzes and resolves data and complex workflow solutions and issues of intermediate complexity. Demonstrates ability to diagnose and resolve technical, management, and business issues and to recommend areas for process improvement or innovation. Adept at working on multiple concurrent projects with nominal supervision, capable of educating, coaching, and overseeing the activities of less experienced staff and other team members. Attends specific client-based meetings and directs the communication of client needs to the appropriate support/service groups. Actively participates with clients, internal and external, to elicit, analyze and document business and functional requirements through requirements workshops, interviews or meeting sessions with Project Sponsors, SMEs and other Stakeholders to diagnose and resolve complex technical, management, and business issues.Identify and document business and technical requirements using standard templates Participates in the development, validation and execution of comprehensive test plans. Monitors effectiveness of current business practices and identifies areas for improvement/innovation. Has exceptional skills and expertise of business processes, and IT systems.Is an expert on business unit operations and business need for IT solutions Performs 24/7 on call support if applicable. Exhibits strong facilitation and communication skills and interacts with all hospital medical, technical and business personnel. May be required to travel to/from and work in the various CHOP locations, including patient care areas. May be required to travel for mandatory certifications. May be designated a “Health Care Worker” Additional Responsiblities: 1\. Perform hands-on development of various inbound and outbound interfaces on a new implementation for Workday using Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services, studio and EIB Assist with ERP (Workday, Coupa, StrataJazz) 2\. Develop and maintain ERP integrations leveraging Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services (ICS), Workday Connectors 3\. Provide secondary system administration support (security, tenant management, etc.) for ERP and ancillary applications. 4\. Monitor system performance and availability. 5\. Apply CHOP’s and industry best practices in environment controls and change management. 6\. Participate in rotating on-call schedule. 7\. Provide second level help desk support to resolve technical issues. 8\. Apply in-depth technical analysis to solve system and application issues. Required Education and Experience Required Education: Bachelor’s Degree in IS or related field Required Experience: 5 (five) to 7 (seven) or more years of clinical or financial data integration development experience. Experience working on complex team-oriented projects. Minimum of 1 (one) year maintenance support. Additional Experience: 2-3 Workday Implementations preferred 4 to 6 years of IT and related business experience including managing team(s) responsible for system administration is preferred. 1 to 3 years of consulting experience is preferred. Healthcare experience is a plus. Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic Preferred Education: Workday Pro Certified (Integrations) Preferred Experience: Healthcare experience 1 (one) – 3 (three) years of consulting experience Preferred Licenses/certificates/registrations: Oracle Java certification. Additional Technical Requirements 1\. Proficiency in Informatica Cloud or similar ETL tool 2\. Proficiency in Workday Integration Development 3\. Proficient in Workday Report Writing 4\. Experience in Web API calls and XML 5\. Experience with Data Conversion and Mapping 6\. Familiar with Workday business processes 7\. Demonstrated knowledge of the Systems Development Life Cycle. 8\. Good oral and written communication skills. 9\. Seasoned experience with one or more data integration tools and HL7 file transfer format knowledge. 10\. Healthcare interface development experience. Preferred additional experience: 11\. Experience in Workday Studio 12\. Knowledge of Workday Security 13\. Experience in designing many to many interface relationships. 14\. OS UNIX level knowledge for scripting, CRON, etc. Preferred ERP experience: 1\. Experience in the following programming languages is required: SQL, HTML, Java, JavaScript, 2\. 1 to 2 years experience in Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services, Workday Integration Development, or Java. 3\. Previous experience working with cloud applications and applications running on the following is preferred, Windows and Windows VMs, WebSphere, Adam, Unix, Oracle, SQL Server, and Citrix. 4\. Proficient in Networking, TCP/IP and Web technologies . 5\. Exceptional data integration, data mapping, and data standardization experience using is required. 6\. Experience working with analytical reporting tools. 7\. Knowledge of relational databases is required. All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer). Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 866-820-9288 Email: TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu