WHO WE ARE: We are a full service Digital Agency, hiring for our Minnesota Office. We are a passionate team of entrepreneurs in a medium sized established digital development company. We work for clients all over the world, and we have an expanding team of people who share the IM dream. We are looking for a full- time Incredible Assistant to join us on the journey. We do Custom Website development, Design, SEO, SMM, Content Marketing, mobile, etc. Check our site for more details. www.incrediblemarketing.com We have fun, and we expect that to be ingrained in our ideal candidates. We play video games, listen to loud music, and make sure that the work we do is produced in a laid back and productive environment. That being said, we also want the ideal assistant to have a work ethic second to none, and a passion for developing the department with aspirations of growing with the company. WHO YOU ARE: Our ideal assistant is a go-getter with an attitude that works well with the team or can manage projects alone as well. We are fun and require that you are too! We will also throw you oddball requests from time to time, so you need to go with the flow and understand that your job is all about managing expectations and working under a deadline. We expect you to have a knowledge of top social media channels and understand why social media is an important facet of marketing. We also would love for you to want to learn about how social media plays into SEO and Content Marketing. You will be responsible for assisting our Social Media Architects as they manage client campaigns to include Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn and more. You will be focused on increasing organic Likes, user engagement, and curating some killer Facebook content. Here's a look at some more specifics: Assisting in developing / writing / editing content for all channels to ensure consistent messaging is delivered. Curate engaging stories through the use of Canva or Photoshop. Continue to grow expert knowledge of Facebook, Instagram, SnapChat, Twitter, YouTube, Blogging, Yelp, and any other emerging social media networks. Analyze, review, and report on effectiveness of campaigns in an effort to maximize results. Stay on the bleeding edge of trends, news, and changes within all social networks. Ready & eager to learn about our industry from the ground up. Able to learn new project management & scheduling tools Excited to learn & grow from the team you are assigned to Qualifications: 1-2 years of social media experience is preferred. Possess familiarity with Mac and PC platforms, as well as cloud based software Attention to detail, timeliness, and professionalism Excellent verbal, written, and people skills Must like animals PERKS: Flexible schedule, be local, but if you are not a morning person, we don't blame you. Just make sure you are reliable and we can count on you. TO DO: Please submit a resume and an cover letter that tells us a bit about your personally. Anything canned will not be looked at favorably. Don't be boring! NOTE - if this does not sound like you, but you think you are "Incredible" material, then send your resume over, and tell us what you want to do when you grow up. We are hiring for talent right now in various departments.