Under general supervision, supports the Data Analysis group in the processing of SpectraScan and/or SpectraChem data and other data processes. In addition, produces client deliverables in the form of log plots, PowerPoint slides, posters, etc. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Obtains necessary data and information from database or other sources (Sales staff; Operations; laboratory; and occasionally, external clients). Utilizes custom software applications to calibrate and depth correlate the data. Reviews input data for correctness and relevance based on visual examination. Demonstrates the knowledge and ability to adjust parameters in software to obtain an accurate and quality output. Verifies Output. Reviews format and accuracy of print out. Confers with Data Analysts or the Manager Data Analysis for resolution of data/output issues. Operates various printers to produce final client deliverables. Saves output data to various file formats and media. Examples are log plots (paper and PDF), LAS (log ASCII standard) file, PowerPoint slides, posters, etc. Assists with special projects or work assignments as assigned. QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s degree or equivalent years of work experience will be accepted in lieu of a degree. Minimum 2 years of experience with data manipulation software preferred; experience in the oilfield industry preferred. Must have a solid working knowledge of Excel and Word and a demonstrated aptitude for working with data bases/computer programs. LANGUAGE SKILLS Ability to read, comprehend and interpret basic and moderately complex instructional materials relating to procedures, safety, and/or applicable government regulations. Ability to write applicable reports and correspondence clearly, using good business form and language. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one or group situations to customers, clients, and other employees of the organization. Ability to respond fully to questions from managers, clients and fellow employees, or to refer those individuals to the correct source of information. MATHEMATICAL SKILLS Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. REASONING ABILITY Ability to apply reasoning skills to carry out detailed but uninvolved written or oral instructions. Ability to deal with problems involving a few concrete variables in standardized situations. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram or schedule formats. CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS None required. PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative, but not necessarily all-inclusive, of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with certain disabilities to perform the essential functions when safety is not compromised. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; talk or hear; and test or smell. The employee frequently is required to walk, sit, and reach with hands and arms. Must be able to use their fingers and hands to operate computers and other standard office equipment with reasonable dexterity and safety. The employee may infrequently be asked to lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions when safety is not compromised. Work takes place in a normal office working environment. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.