Wayfair is seeking a relentlessly curious, solutions-oriented Senior Manager to join our rapidly growing B2C Sales Strategy and Analytics team. We rely on this team to provide the thought leadership and analytic rigor needed to drive our rapidly scaling inside sales channel. The Strategy and Analytics team is responsible for developing and executing on both business and operational strategies that generate exponential revenue growth and improvements in sales efficiency and customer experience. The team is highly cross-functional, working closely with Sales leaders and partners in Data Science, Category, Brand, Product Management, Marketing, and Storefront to grow the B2C sales channel. Opportunities on the B2C Strategy and Analytics Team include: Senior Manager, Strategy and Analytics: Build and lead a team of analysts that solves difficult, non-routine analytical problems with deep customer focus, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Manager, Strategy and Analytics: Be solution oriented and able to take an ambiguous idea and formulate sound decision making by using business rational and data. Senior Analyst, Strategy and Analytics: Wrangle data from multiple sources including sales, web-analytics, product, and customer databases to create insights used to drive decision-making. We welcome applications from diverse backgrounds and experiences (e.g., corporate, professional services, consulting, operations, analytics) in eCommerce or other industries. Responsibilities: Translate high-level business problems into more specific questions which can then be answered by data-driven analysis and recommendations. Construct experimental design frameworks designed to test the impact of new initiatives. Develop strategies for estimating potential lift and advocate for the initiatives with the highest impact. Develop innovative analytical methodologies to answer strategic questions across the organization and empower others to apply your methodology to new problems. Present data with a clear point of view so that insights can be used to help drive business strategy Who you are: A self-starter, enjoy fast-pace, collaborative, positive, people-oriented, and enthusiastic Demonstrated ability to partner with business leaders, develop business cases, and present to senior executives Have technical experience using SQL, R, Python, or other languages Experience in an analytical/consulting role Have a degree in Mathematics, Industrial Engineering, Economics, Statistics, Physics, or other concentrations with heavy quantitative focus strongly preferred Have experience working within large datasets and passionate about solving complex business problems Passionate about leveraging technology to innovate and solve business problems Possess strong written and verbal cross-functional communication skills Entrepreneurial spirit or prior experience in a high performance, fast-paced industry. About Wayfair Inc. Wayfair believes everyone should live in a home they love. Through technology and innovation, Wayfair makes it possible for shoppers to quickly and easily find exactly what they want from a selection of more than 10 million items across home furnishings, décor, home improvement, housewares and more. Committed to delighting its customers every step of the way, Wayfair is reinventing the way people shop for their homes – from product discovery to final delivery. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair , an online destination for all things home Joss & Main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings AllModern , unbelievable prices on everything modern Birch Lane , a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor Perigold , unparalleled access to the finest home décor and furnishings Wayfair generated $4.7 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2017. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 7,700 people.