Overview Lantower Luxury Living is growing, and we are currently hiring a Operations Specialist. The Operations Specialist will monitor and support the integrity of the operating system environment and various computer systems. The ideal candidate will perform systems maintenance tasks, schedule installs and tests software upgrades, configure software and resolves technical problems and maintain software licensing and maintenance agreements. This is an excellent opportunity for someone who wants to be part of a team by building value and empowering our greatest assets, our people. Responsibilities Collaborate and assist Operations Support Manager/Director of Property Management with various department initiatives and projects. Fulfill an active role in the implementation/training of all systems. Provide staff with credentials to all systems, including but not limited to, account creation, maintenance, and troubleshooting. Manage user security role and permissions, password reset, issue resolution, etc. Ability to create and maintain reports for various executive, regional, and property level employees. Provide system support for all onsite/corporate employees; field problem identification and answer questions; handle, redirect and/or assign multiple calls from internal and external clients. Perform advanced administrative duties of complex business functions/special programs involving sensitive and confidential information by exercising discretion, applying rules and procedures while analyzing each situation independently. Operate computer and use appropriate software to produce documents and various materials for the supervisor(s) and staff, as well as review reports to ensure that compliance/property efficiencies are maintained; alert management to potential problem situations or inaccuracies. This includes gathering, analyzing information, and statistical data to prepare special reports, and summaries that are pertinent to the operation of the department. Use judgment and creativity to develop computer presentations and training materials; coordinate and/or compile, enter, maintain and disseminate information into and/or out of databases. Install software. Install, configure, and test computer hardware, networking software and operating system software. Perform other duties as required. Qualifications A minimum of 2 years’ system administration experience in a corporate office. Multifamily property management industry preferred. College degree (Associates or Bachelor’s) or high school graduate with technical training from a specialized trade school program in computer science, information systems or computer-related field. Ability to problem solve common IT issues and prioritize work flow. Experience with best practices, processes, policies and procedures in a business environment is important. Advanced personal computer operation with skills in various software applications, including word, excel, and Microsoft outlook. Considerable composition and writing skills including grammar, spelling and punctuation. Excellent verbal communication skills with the ability to maintain confidentiality. Excellent organization skills and attention to detail with high degree of accuracy. The ability to work independently and exercise judgment. At Lantower Luxury Living we are driven by collaboration, passion and perspective. We are proud of the caring atmosphere and inclusive work environment we’ve created for our company culture. We invest not only in real estate but also in the foundation of our company; our team. Lantower Luxury Living owns and manages apartment homes that offer upscale amenities, sophisticated design and unparalleled service. When it comes to the true definition of luxury living, we don’t just raise the bar, we create a new industry standard. For more information, visit our website at www.lantowerluxuryliving.com. Benefits: Lantower Luxury Living offers competitive pay with bonus potential, a generous benefits package, access to a fitness facility and a convenient location near downtown Dallas. Competitive Pay Medical Dental Vision Long-Term Disability Life 401K with Match Holiday Pay Vacation Pay Sick Pay Work/Life Balance Opportunity for Growth and Development