Full Stack UX/UI Engineer - 18000W13 Preferred Qualifications Oracle Cloud (https://www.oracle.com/cloud/index.html) is looking for the best and brightest technologists as we add customer-centric and world-class solutions throughout the cloud stack. Oracle Cloud applications, such as Human Capital Management, Enterprise Resource Management, Customer Relationship Management and Supply Chain Management provide adaptive intelligence, standardized business processes and competitive advantage for thousands of customers across the globe. Oracle SaaS applications (https://www.oracle.com/cloud/saas-suite.html) serve some of the largest enterprise customers in the world. It is low cost, hyper- scaled, and the clear leader in this space. LifeCycle Management (LCM) enables Oracle SaaS applications for customers. LCM is a set of automated frameworks and technologies that provision, upgrade, and patch customer environments. It also provides mission critical operations capabilities such as Data Recovery, Production to Test, Cloning, and Security Management. Oracle SaaS LCM team is looking for passionate, innovative, team oriented problem solvers, who are seeking a major part in the transformative revolution of the modern cloud-based business applications. We are seeking best in the world developers, architects, and technical leaders; those who seek and implement imaginative and strategic solutions to large scale and complex customer problems; those who calmly take measured and necessary risks while always putting customers first; and those who thrive with ownership and accountability in such an environment. We are seeking _hands-on_ , full-stack UI/UX engineers with the depth and breadth to evaluate complex environments and technology stacks, and build/code/maintain efficient services and solutions. You are an expert in backend technologies as well as HTML5, JavaScript, and Node.js. You will be using Java, Python, RESTful API, Docker, and more, in a DevOps, CI/CD, agile development environment. You will have a major impact on Oracle’s business by transforming how Oracle’s SaaS/Cloud applications are delivered and maintained for enterprises. Job Requirements: BS or MS degree in computer science, or equivalent 5+ years of software engineering and technical leadership with proven results in designing, implementing and maintaining complex systems and services Proficient in hyper-scaled distributed systems and cloud implementations with proven track record in Performance, Scalability and Resiliency Deep understanding of cloud design patterns. Comfortable in CI/CD and DevOps work styles. The ideal candidate will have the following skills: Proficiencies with Java, RESTful API, micro-services, Python. Proven full-stack expertise, including HTML 5, JavaScript, Node.js Proven experience in test-driven development, with Jenkins experience a strong plus. Ability to mock up UI flows as well as UI/UX testing procedures are strongly preferred. Ability to work in an extremely fast paced and challenging environment. Full stack experience a plus, including back-ends written in Java, Node, and Python Detailed Description and Job Requirements Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will assist in defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, debugging or designing of software applications or operating systems. Provide technical leadership to other software developers. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture to meet changing needs. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.