Your career starts now. We’re looking for the next generation of health care leaders. At AmeriHealth Caritas, we’re passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, we’d like to hear from you. Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at www.amerihealthcaritas.com. Responsibilities: The Provider Communication Consultant ensures that plan policies and procedures meet all applicable regulatory standards and have gained approval from all stakeholders, and ensures that downstream impact of all policy and procedure changes are communicated to Providers and Department Managers as appropriate. Manages and keeps current communication on the Provider Portal. Evaluates new Bulletins and Michigan Department of Health and Human Services regulatory documents (e.g., policy clarifications) for applicability and coordinates with subject matter experts to assure required changes and updates are implemented and all applicable policies and related documents are updated. Assures that all policy and procedure decisions are documented for future reference in the most appropriate manner. Responsible for maintaining and updating the Provider Manual and content on the health plan website. Publishes the provider newsletters according to established publication schedules. Responsible for coordinating the annual provider satisfaction survey and access, availability and after hours study. Prepares provider education materials and training documents in accordance with the health plan brand standards. Other duties as assigned. Education/Experience: Required Bachelor’s degree in Healthcare or related field or equivalent combination of education and work experience OR Master’s degree in business or healthcare preferred. Required minimum of 7 years’ experience in managed care or health care related field. Required proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Access, Power Point); typing 50+ wpm. Preferred minimum 5 years Medicaid experience.