The Quality Improvement Manager supports compliance with all Agency Performance Quality Improvement activities and Evidence Based Practice (EBP) clinical work and backs up the Quality Improvement and Quality Assurance Director/Privacy Officer. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Supports and promotes the mission of the Agency: Building Brighter Futures for Children and Families. Leads Quality Improvement activities for clinical services in both practice and implementation of agency-wide quality improvement procedures. Works collaboratively with the Quality Improvement Committee to create and lead a system of robust, data driven continuous quality improvement that informs and connects practice, training and outcomes. Works with Quality Improvement Committee to create key metrics reports and data visualization tools to keep direct service staff, management, the Board of Directors and external stakeholders informed of performance and quality improvement. Creates and monitors Quality Improvement plans of correction, along with program managers, and as needed. Uses Agency data to collaborate with the Training Manager and assess training gaps, identify training curriculum and create training for Agency adopted outcome measures. Disseminates research, analytic reports and relevant data and effectively communicates to all levels of the Agency in a manner that makes the information accessible, actionable and meaningful for decision making and program improvement. Oversees and manages the Agency?s Prevention and Early Intervention (PEI) program including: attending PEI meetings and disseminating information to appropriate staff and ensuring fidelity to all PEI included evidence-based practices. Supervises DMH Lead Quality Improvement Specialist who oversees Quality Improvement Specialist activities including data submission for all programs outcome measure implementation. Participates in Case Review and provides feedback to the Quality Improvement and Quality Assurance Director/Privacy Officer. Markets all Agency programs to the community and gives talks to small and large groups of people. Works effectively and cooperatively with other Agency staff, collaborating when appropriate. Relates harmoniously with staff and clients of diverse backgrounds. Works in close harmony with the Agency leadership, accepting direction and implementing policies and procedures reflective of this direction. Performs work in a safe manner at all times and ensures employees are abiding by safety practices; takes action when employees put themselves or others at risk. Follows all policies, procedures, and legal mandates including HIPAA, client confidentiality, releases of information, protected health information (PHI) and client files. Ensures staff follows all policies, procedures and legal mandates including HIPAA, client confidentiality, releases of information, protected health information (PHI) and client files, and takes applies appropriate coaching, counseling and disciplinary action to reinforce staff compliance. Ensures performance and behaviors support the Agency?s performance quality improvement (PQI) goals and objectives. Reports to work on time and maintains reliable and regular attendance. Performs other duties as assigned. California State Clinical License (LCSW or MFCC) or registration with the Board of Behavioral Sciences or Quality Improvement education and experience Master’s degree in social work, psychology or marriage and family counseling or Quality Improvement education and experience. Valid CA Driver License and maintains insurability on the Agency’s Auto-liability policy and maintains the State of California required auto insurance liability limits. Expertise in Quality Improvement. Ability to be an excellent representative of the Agency to the community. Excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to read and write complex material. Ability to administer a complex program by being detail oriented, following up on concerns, and understanding the systems which help insure quality of service and accurate record keeping. Good interpersonal skills, including the ability to work cooperatively as a team member. Knowledge and sensitivity to cultural differences. Ability to relate harmoniously with staff and clients of diverse ethnic and economic backgrounds.