Job Description The Role CAA is seeking a full-stack web developer with excellent software architecture and devops skills to join our product development team. The product development team designs and builds software experiences for mobile and web that are uniquely valuable for CAA’s diverse, global, and high energy entertainment industry culture of agents, executives, artists, and business partners. We seek not only a skilled developer but also a design thinker and craftsperson. Responsibilities You will work collaboratively with other developers to design and deliver mobile and web applications and APIs, and you will also help us build and maintain supporting services for these applications. We expect you to have experience shipping and maintaining software products in a production environment in the public cloud (Amazon, Azure, Google, etc). You will use your software development skills in an agile environment to develop new applications and features, and you will use your experience with continuous delivery to deploy, operate, monitor and support that software - often interacting directly with the people who are using your applications. Required Capabilities Languages and Frameworks. You should be proficient in JavaScript with at least one year of Node.js experience. We welcome candidates with experience in other languages such as Ruby, PHP, Python, and C, but JavaScript will be where you spend most of your time. You should have experience with React.js, Redux, Flow and Jest. For the backend you should be familiar with a server framework like Hapi.js or Express. For mobile development, we use React Native, and we'd love to see developers who have shipping experience on RN, including knowledge of the underlying iOS and Android native development toolchains. Databases. We’d like to see real SQL and NoSQL experience. We’re particularly interested in MongoDB and Elastic. Tools. You should have experience with maintaining projects using a distributed version control system such as Git and Github. We expect proficiency with Chrome developer tools or similar in other browsers. We desire some ops experience using a web serving technology (Apache, Nginx, IIS) and CI/CD tools such as Jenkins and Travis. Techniques. You should be experienced with agile methods and the concepts behind continuous delivery. If you’re passionate about developing APIs, we want to see your experience with security, performance, JSON, hypermedia formats, and REST. We expect you to be passionate about testing and as a web developer we expect you to know HTTP well. Education. We prefer you have a BS in Computer Science, or equivalent experience. Shipping. We expect you to have a passion and some experience shipping and maintaining production software products to business users. You must have strong verbal, written and visual presentation skills. We are most interested in candidates exhibiting a passion for details, solving problems, simplicity, quality, and moving quickly. Environment We are looking for candidates who are local to our offices in Century City, CA and can work with our team on-site. We have a service-oriented collaborative environment where teamwork and care and helping others to succeed are highly valued.