Position Type: Technology Date Posted: 7/9/2018 Location: Educational Service Center Closing Date: Until Filled Network Administrator Description: To inspire and prepare all students with the confidence, courage and competence to achieve their dreams; contribute to community; and engage in a lifetime of learning by administering the district-wide data network, including fiber transport, servers, networked storage, backup system, firewall, wireless and wired network, switches, VoIP phones, internet filtering and security, email and active directory services. Job Summary: Manage, maintain and administer network servers, storage and backup system. Manage and administer district email system (Office 365 environment). Manage, maintain and administer active directory. Administer internet filtering and firewall protection for district network. Troubleshoot and resolve elevated/complex help desk tickets related to district network systems (email, wired and wireless network, servers, storage, backups and internet filtering). Provide work direction to Network Technical Support Specialist (TSS). Manage, maintain and administer district-wide wireless network. Maintain and manage district-wide Voice Over Internet Protocol (VoIP) phone system. Collaborate with teammates to ensure all district service levels and commitments are met. Manage district network connectivity, to include fiber transport and switches. Perform other tasks assigned by the Network Coordinator. Qualifications, Required: Minimum of Bachelor’s Degree plus five years of experience administering a large enterprise network; OR ten years of experience administering a large enterprise network. Extreme certification or ability to obtain within one year. Strong understanding of access management concepts and technologies, Microsoft Identity Management, Office 365 administration and Active Directory Domain Services. Extensive experience configuring, maintaining and patching servers. Experience administering Microsoft solutions such as Exchange/Office365 and Active Directory. Highly proficient in network security tools such as firewall configuration and management, content filtering, and must maintain a deep networking background in a large organization Fluent in network routing protocols, network operating systems, DNS administration and network load balancing technology. Proficient with Veeam or similar industry-standard Enterprise Backup software Enhanced knowledge of VMware snapshotting Strong understanding of SAN concepts Highly proficient with Microsoft email, Windows Domain, Microsoft Server and Active Directory administration in a large Enterprise Highly Proficient in working with Data Domain, Backup Replication, VMware vCenter Administration Qualifications, Desired: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field. A+ certification. Microsoft certification. Apple certification. Experience, Required : Minimum of ten years of experience administering a large enterprise network Experience, Desired: Minimum of ten years of experience administering a large K-12 school district network. Experience configuring and troubleshooting Mitel VoIP phone system. Microsoft certification. Skilled in: Demonstrated willingness to learn and adapt to changes in technology Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to prioritize and manage work to meet critical project timelines Ability to analyze risk and report problems in meeting system requirements Ability to develop new approaches to complex design problems Researching solutions to complicated network related problems Troubleshooting complex, elevated technology problems in a methodical and logical manner Prioritizing a constantly changing work load Working independently and with a team Learning new skills and communicating those to others Effective communication and listening (verbal and written) Expressing technical terms and situations to technical and non-technical customers Job Type: Full-Time Bargaining Unit: Salaried Professional Salary Range : $76,939 - $88,913 Depending on Qualifications