As a member of our Software Engineering Group you will dive head-first into creating innovative solutions that advance businesses and careers. You’ll join an inspiring and curious team of technologists dedicated to improving the design, analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming that goes into creating high quality software and new products. You’ll be tasked with keeping the team and other key stakeholders up to speed on the progress of what’s being developed. Coming in with an understanding of the importance of end-to-end software development-such as Agile frameworks-is key. And best of all, you’ll be working with and sharing ideas, information and innovation with our global team of technologists from all over the world. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: BS/BA degree or equivalent experience Advanced knowledge of application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines Understanding of architecture and design across all systems Working proficiency in developmental toolsets Ability to collaborate with high-performing teams and individuals throughout the firm to accomplish common goals Proficiency in one or more general purpose programming languages such as Java Understanding of software skills such as business analysis, development, maintenance and software improvement 5 + years of experience of running projects and teams using the agile methodology as well as an ability to lead and influence others. Experience Establishing and managing a Scrum Team governance framework Proficiency in Ensuring adherence to standard (Agile) process, use of tools, and establishment of project delivery standards Hands on contributions with Dev, QA, XLOB scrum teams, and production support team to achieve established Sprint goals Experience minimizing and eliminating external and internal project impediments Ability to collaborate with Engineering and BA teams to ensure project backlog is groomed, prioritized and maintained Our Consumer & Community Banking Group depends on innovators like you to serve nearly 66 million consumers and over 4 million small businesses, municipalities and non-profits. You’ll support the delivery of award winning tools and services that cover everything from personal and small business banking as well as lending, mortgages, credit cards, payments, auto finance and investment advice. This group is also focused on developing and delivering cutting edged mobile applications, digital experiences and next generation banking technology solutions to better serve our clients and customers. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. Apply today, and put your passion for technology to work at JPMorgan Chase & Co.