The Director of Applications will provide leadership in the conversion of existing and new applications/functionality supporting our client management environment which is hosted on the Salesforce platform. Oversee system design, development, and system maintenance of our Salesforce application including integration with third parties for document management, client/account maintenance of brokerage and direct accounts and product data. Knowledge/Skills: Demonstrated experience managing and deploying cloud-based applications in a distributed business environment Architectural understanding of multi-tier web development Able to manage team interaction between core application development teams located throughout the world Knowledge of the system development life cycle and object-oriented methodologies and approaches Technical skills including Java, Perl, VisualForce, Apex, as well as HTML, XML and messaging Knowledge of relational databases and data modeling UI Design and Development Experience Project and people management Communications, both written and verbal as well as presentation Leadership, management and coaching Responsibilities: Oversee system design, development, and system maintenance of multiple platforms; manage and/or conduct technical design, testing, implementation, control and maintenance of applications Communicate with technical peers, such as database designers, Business Systems Analysts, business/user group contacts as well as senior executive team members in both setting and executing on the rollout of cloud-based applications. Act as the key contact with vendors and suppliers. Partner with the Architectural team to ensure architecture guidelines have been followed in the design and specifications of the assigned projects/systems and that there is appropriate adherence to the systems development lifecycle. Manage staff to ensure alignment of departmental activities with organizational goals. Coordinate resources and activities to achieve maximum expense control and productivity. Identify and resolve issues. Establish, implement, and review department policies and procedures. Provide recommendations on pay, performance management, employment and staffing decisions. Manage consultants and vendors to ensure adherence to plans and contractual commitments. Prepare appropriate documentation to ensure clear project definition and execution. Partner with the Project Management Office to ensure timely and accurate time and expense reporting as well as schedule adherence. Ensure appropriate resources and system quality to maintain published service levels and production system availability. Demonstrate pro-active problem resolution abilities, demonstrate ability to be a problem solver Identify project risks and provide appropriate process and procedures to mitigate those risks Position Requirements: Bachelor's degree from 4-year college Eight or more years application development experience including at least 4 years managing projects and staff. At least 3 years experience in a leadership role involving Salesforce systems. Financial responsibility of project and/or area operating budget. Client relationship management experience. Ability to utilize project development methodology tools; perform cost benefit analysis and economic feasibility studies; manage across multiple systems Technical management background, ability to match business plans with cost effective technical solutions