Senior Cloud Solutions Architect Unleashing the potential of Hybrid Cloud It’s never been a more exciting time for customers to explore the Cloud — but it’s also never been noisier or more chaotic! Your job as a Senior Cloud Solutions Architect is to cut through the noise and clarify how our customers can transform their business for the hybrid-cloud era with Microsoft Azure, AWS and our unique set of services and assessments. Working alongside highly skilled professionals at Softchoice and our vendors, you play a vital role in delivering custom, cutting-edge solutions to make our customers more agile and productive. As one of North America’s top Cloud solutions providers, you will make sure our customers get the unique, business-driven value our brand has come to represent. Here’s how you will do it: Providing deep technical insights: You act as a bridge between our sales people and the customer to bring up-to-date insights on Cloud technologies, industry trends and the competition. You will also be presenting and hosting learning workshops in person and over the phone with business leaders from the C-Level down, to drive sales and practice the art of the possible. Challenging customers: Use your skills, insight and experience to tell your clients what they need to do, not just what they want. You must be able to challenge their beliefs with well-researched, tailored insights, bringing in creative and business-savvy solutions that drive the sale and maximize outcomes. Scoping work and proposals: You use exceptional written and verbal communications skills to scope, assemble and propose solutions. A hands-on role, you must be able to act under pressure and show wisdom and leadership, often for an audience of top tier executives. You must also have a broad understanding of core Cloud Computing technologies and services, including the major cloud platforms (primarily Amazon Web Services, but could include other platforms such as Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud). As our Cloud Solutions Architect, you’ll: Work collaboratively with account executives and other Solutions Architect peers to develop and close deals for Public Cloud solutions Architect solutions in AWS that meet customer performance and security expectations. Build detailed cost models for the solution including one-time costs for professional services and ongoing costs for AWS Service consumption and Softchoice managed services Specify the deliverables of consulting and implementation projects by writing the statements of work (SOW) for Softchoice services Assist customers with developing a cloud strategy that meets their business goals and requirements Organize and deliver training to customers and to Softchoice account executives on the AWS products and solutions Elevate the understanding of the Softchoice account executives on communicating the value of Softchoice solutions for AWS Develop and maintain relationships with local and regional AWS sales and technical teams to educate them on Softchoice cloud solutions and value prop and for opportunity mapping; act as primary contact for marketing and training events. Be highly available and responsive to the assigned regional sales teams Collaborate with the service delivery teams to ensure the services are delivered as specified in your statements of work and as required to meet customer business outcome objectives As our ideal candidate, you’ll have: Strong experience in pre-sales for a relevant technology Minimum 3 years’ experience in selling, architecting, and/or implementing AWS solutions Conceptual knowledge of broad Cloud capabilities and hands on experience with one or more cloud technology platforms (Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud) Demonstrated ability to write technical documents with fine attention to detail Certified AWS Solutions Architect Bachelor’s degree Understanding of IT services and IT services delivery models Exceptional cross-functional team collaboration skills Ability to travel up to 40% How Do We Hire Great People? We believe in matching the right people for the right role. Once you’ve applied for a position, our team of Talent Advisors will review your resume and application against all open roles at Softchoice. We also keep in mind any future or upcoming roles you may be a fit for. As part of our selection, onboarding and development process, we utilize tools to help us better match candidates with our roles. Applying for a role at Softchoice is not complete until you have completed both the formal online application and the Predictive Index tool (PI). Completing the PI tool will take no more than 10 minutes of your time. If we see a match with your skills and our open roles, we will reach out to you to schedule time to talk so that we can learn more about you and you can learn about us. Only those candidates selected for further consideration will be contacted directly. However, we will retain your application on file and would be pleased to contact you if further opportunities arise. Need more convincing this is the right next step in your career? Here are the reasons why folks love working here! Softchoice has been recognized as a Best Workplace in Canada by the Great Place to Work Institute for 12 consecutive years Softchoice certified as a Great Place to Work in the United States (2016) Meaningful work that drives professional development Ability to enter and grow within the technology industry Being part of a winning, high performance team Every employee gets two paid volunteer days per year We serve large and mid-sized clients from a variety of industries We’ve raised over $2 Million through our staff-run charity Softchoice Cares 1 in 5 employees have invested in an ownership position in Softchoice About Softchoice Softchoice is one of the largest IT solutions and Managed Services providers in North America! We are an influential, growth-oriented organization determined to enable our people, our clients, our partners and the communities we serve to realize their potential. Our unique culture fosters a friendly, open-minded workplace where employees are encouraged to bring their whole selves to work. As a member of a dynamic, high-performing team, each Softchoice employee is hungry to learn, valued for their contribution, and approaches each day excited to make an impact. We would like to thank you personally for applying to Softchoice. Please note that we will review your application and only those candidates selected for further consideration will be contacted directly. However, we will retain your application on file and would be pleased to contact you if further opportunities arise. Note: Completion of a satisfactory criminal record check, education verification and reference checks are required prior to employment. Again, thank you for your interest in a career at Softchoice! EoE/M/F/Vet/Disability