Job Description (Roles and Responsibilities) The Department for International Trade (DIT) is the UK Government’s international business development agency. DIT USA, working closely with DIT and other agencies in the United Kingdom, is charged with transatlantic trade development between the UK and the US; and with assisting US companies looking to invest in the UK. See www.gov.uk/DIT for further information. The Investment officer will be responsible for developing strong relationships with C-level executives in companies in the Tech sectors across the San Francisco consular region that are either currently invested in the UK or poised for international expansion. Reporting to the Head of Trade and Investment the position presents a unique opportunity to join a dynamic team comprised of 16 trade and investment professionals focused on knowledge-based sectors including: financial services, life sciences,venture capital, creative & digital media and technology. The successful candidate will have sound knowledge of enterprise software, cyber security, artificial intelligence, data management and analytics, cloud computing, and software technology Roles and responsibilities / what will the jobholder be expected to achieve Deliver an aggressive set of annual investment targets. Forge strong relationships with business leaders (start-ups through Fortune 500), the VC/ finance community, trade associations, technology incubators/accelerators and interlocutors. FDI: Provide assistance to US technology companies looking to invest in the UK and support US companies already active in the UK market, with a focus on technology sectors that include fast-growth software companies, hardware and telecommunications. Build an active client pipeline by executing lead generation, developing and managing relationships with C-level executives and business leaders. Gather intelligence from US investors on the UK business environment, BREXIT and related policies. Participate in the activities and events conducted by industry associations and other multipliers, building awareness of DIT in the business community. Develop, position and implement marketing strategies, conceive and develop DIT activities, and produce and manage events with the goals of increasing awareness of the UK’s market proposition to potential investors, building relationships, and generating FDI leads. Work with internal and external stakeholders to deliver high level/VIP visit programs and manage cross-Consulate activities that capitalise on the extensive synergies that exist between San Francisco and the UK, and help advance key UK “tech campaigns”. This will include: compiling visit programs, planning company meetings, and writing briefing materials. Represent DIT and the British Consulate at external functions, including occasional speaking engagements. Maintain current knowledge of UK market trends, incentives, and centres of excellence in the technology sector in order to promote them effectively to a US audience. Undertake occasional travel to the UK. line management of one Associate Essential qualifications, skills and experience Essential on arrival The successful candidate will have sound knowledge of enterprise software, cyber security, artificial intelligence, data management and analytics, cloud computing. A proven track record of 3 or more years of client account management, and the ability to help those clients with their internationalisation plans, is highly preferred. Desirable qualifications, skills and experience Required competencies Collaborating and Partnering, Achieving Commercial Outcomes, Managing a Quality Service, Engaging Internationally Application deadline Application deadline - day Application deadline - month Application deadline - year 10 August 2018 Grade C4 (L) Type of Position Full-time Working hours per week 40 Region N. America, Caribbean and British Overseas Territories Country/Territory United States Location (City) San Francisco Type of Post British Consulate General Number of vacancies 1 Starting yearly salary (USD) 84,427 Start Date Start Date - day Start Date - month Start Date - year 10 September 2018 Other benefits and conditions of employment Resources managed (staff and expenditure) one Trade & Investment Associate (TIA) Additional information Any other information (or specific local Post requirements) Able to be located in/relocate to, the San Francisco City area. Ideally Have knowledge of the Silicon Valley tech ecosystem, and major companies/players/partners. Be willing to undertake occasional travel to the UK. Be willing to represent DIT and the British Consulate at external functions, including occasional speaking engagements (both during working hours and evenings