Cloud Security Developer Nutanix is disrupting the multi-billion dollar Enterprise Cloud market by pioneering the first converged compute & storage virtualization appliance that can incrementally scale out to manage petabytes of data while running tens of thousands of virtual machines. Nutanix security team focuses on building secure cloud platform. This team is responsible for developing customer facing security functionality and platform security. We are seeking experienced engineers with broad security expertise in enterprise products and cloud services. Key Responsibilities Architect, design and develop software to secure a converged computing and storage platform for the software defined data center. Design and develop authentication, authorization, auditing, data at rest encryption and other security features. Design and develop infrastructure security components like secret storage, just in time systems, security monitoring and etc. Work closely with development, test, documentation and product management teams to deliver high quality products and services in a fast paced environment. Engage with customers and support when needed to solve production issues. Requirements 5+ years of experience in security and software engineering. Designing and Developing enterprise products in C++, Java, C and/or python. Strong knowledge in web protocols, operating systems (preferably Linux), hypervisors and distributed systems architecture. Deep understanding of Authentication protocols (Kerberos or similar) and Authorization models (fine grained permission model, RBAC and etc) Experience in developing or integrating federated identity solutions using SAML, OAuth, OpenID (Microsoft Active Directory Federation Services or similar). Deep understanding of Cryptography and prior experience in using Symmetric Key and Asymmetric key encryption algorithms. Experience in platform security (least privileged design, software lockdown, auditing, security monitoring). Experience in security distributed systems and cloud services is preferable.