Senior Network Services Manager - Horsham, PA req6354 Employment Type : Regular Location : HORSHAM,PA _Have you ever enjoyed Arnold®, Brownberry® or Oroweat® bread? A Thomas’® English muffin or bagel? Or perhaps snacked on a Sara Lee®, Entenmann’s® or Marinela® cake or donut? If the answer is yes, then you know Bimbo Bakeries USA!_ _Bimbo Bakeries USA is part of Grupo Bimbo, the world’s largest baking company with operations in 32 countries. Bimbo Bakeries USA (“BBUSA”) includes BBUSA and its subsidiaries and affiliated entities, including, but not limited to, Wholesome Harvest Baking, East Balt, and Acelerada. BBUSA employs 20,000 associates across the U.S. in bakeries, sales centers, corporate offices and on sales routes to ensure our consumers have the freshest products to feed their families at every meal. But our associates come to work for much more – the chance to feed their own lives through exciting work that offers the opportunity to make a real difference in their professional and personal lives every day._ Description : This Senior Manager Network Services will be responsible for the development of the future network technology structure and defining the long term strategic direction and architectural design of BBU’s Enterprise Network Infrastructure, working in a 7X24X365 environment with over 1,000 locations with 8,000+ personal computers, 1,000+ Tablets, 4,500+ mobile devices, 800+ servers and large distributed network environment where service availability and end user productivity is key. Responsible for building a strong and prioritized plan utilizing emerging technologies in order to deliver against the Infrastructure and Operations strategy and ensure strategic, design, architecture, and engineering standards are created, updated, and applied throughout the Network Services organization. Manage the Network Services team and projects, and lead various transformative Network initiatives (Network redesign, infrastructure upgrades, new build outs), both strategic and tactical in nature, that will address most important challenges including scalability, reliability, security, and the performance requirements for the digital business applications and an improved end-user experience for the user community at BBU. This role will report into the Director-Infrastructure and Operations. Key Job Responsibilities Manage the functional group’s personnel development and technical training plans to ensure continued growth and opportunities for personnel, and maintain an organizational culture that attracts and retains top technical and managerial talent. Lead the day to day operations for a team of network professionals, set team goals, perform reviews and challenge team members, remove obstacles, determine technical direction, and lead initiatives. Ensure network availability and performance to the business and business applications, 7 x 24 x 365. Interpret business strategy and develop organizational objectives to align with network strategy. Oversee the administration, health, lifecycle management, risk mitigation and process compliance during delivery of projects. Ensure infrastructure is delivered and supported cost effectively and that total cost is defined for specific initiatives. Maintains and manages technical relationships with vendors. Develop and manage relationships with network/telecom suppliers and managed service partners, including negotiation of equipment and service costs/terms. Work with vendors to implement product feature improvements for reliability, availability, and serviceability. Build and maintain relationships with major technology suppliers to continuously explore opportunities to increase the business value of products and services received. Provide technical expertise as an escalation point for the Network Services Team. Oversee architecture and engineering effort and ensure that solutions are being developed in accordance to business requirements. Coordinate integration and operationalization of all acquisitions and divestitures. Ensure voice of customer and customer centric thinking is built into all processes and support. Oversee all core network change management activities (peering, transport, hardware, etc ) including the development of change and test plans. Develop, manage, and contribute to short - term planning and long - term strategy to deliver infrastructure initiatives that meet business needs, including innovation where appropriate and while maintaining a flat or declining service cost. Identify new and emerging methodologies (e.g. Agile, Lean, Six Sigma) to ensure best in class DevOps Data Network Services solutions. Delivering and reporting on metrics to assess capacity of Operations services and adherence to service levels. Maintain operational budget accuracy and project future capital expenditure. Troubleshooting network hardware and software applications, security systems to resolve operational issues and restore services. Perform capacity planning exercises to ensure optimal user experience. Position Requirements : Education and Work History Bachelors of Arts / Science required. Masters preferred. 10-15 years of experience in IT Key IT Experience Managed and lead highly skilled technical (architects, engineers) matrix teams (internal and external) for large scale, enterprise-wide full lifecycle projects, architecture, design, build, deploy and run. Experienced in managing large, distributed environments, including MPLS and Broadband. Experienced working with telecom carriers on circuit provisioning, lifecycle activities, outages and outage escalations. Experience maintaining an accurate inventory of network devices, circuits, configurations, and costs. Ability to produce management reports on inventory, performance, capacity, and costs. Superior knowledge in enterprise LANs, WANs, WLANs including routers, switches, network load balancers, SIP, SDWAN, wireless access points, video systems, VoIP, mobility, etc. Knowledge of information security risks and counter measures for networking equipment. Knowledge of firewalls, data encryption, intrusion detection systems, antivirus software, and other industry standard techniques and practices. Knowledgeable in internetworking technologies likes VLAN, STP, and Routing Protocol like EIGRP, BGP, OSPF, Static Routing, route-redistribution, summarization, Policy-Routing, MPLS-based technologies, Broadband, IP Telephony. Working knowledge and understanding of network security, such as IPSEC tunnels, VPNs and firewalls. Strong network design and architecture for large scale enterprises with knowledge of all advanced protocols and solutions. Understanding of switching technologies; trunking, spanning-tree, dot1q, VLANs, VTP, Ethernet switching, Multi-layer switching. Expertise of network management; SNMP, Netflow, IPSLA, etc. Specific experience with and/or management of the following: Routing and Switching – Cisco Switches and Routers; Wireless – Cisco Wireless Controllers; Firewalls – Checkpoint Firewalls; Proxy – Bluecoat Proxy in Cloud; Voice – Cisco Unified Communications Manager; Video – Cisco Telepresence and Expressways; Network Monitoring – SolarWinds NPM Key Behavioral Competencies Strong Leadership and organizational skills. Large Scale Project Management skills. Strong interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment both as an individual contributor and member of a cross-functional team. Highly self-motivated and directed. Keen attention to detail. Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities. Bimbo Bakeries USA is an equal opportunity employer with a policy that provides equal employment opportunity for applicants and employees regardless of race, color, religion, disability, gender, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, or any other classification protected by law. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including recruitment, hiring, promotion, compensation, reassignment, layoff, discharge, education, training and all other working conditions. To further the principle of equal employment opportunity, Bimbo Bakeries USA has developed affirmative action plans for minorities and women, qualified individuals with disabilities, and Vietnam-era and special disabled veterans and other protected veterans.