Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers. You will own release schedules and scoping in our fast-paced environment. You'll work closely with software engineers, QA, product managers, and other engineering teams to get high-quality features built, tested, and released on time. This means that you’re detail-oriented and able to understand the bigger picture. You’ll use your technical expertise and sharp problem solving abilities to troubleshoot and prioritize blocking issues. You’ll also clearly communicate your team’s recommendations and the technical trade-offs in the release process to engineers, QA, and product leads across the team. You serve as the go-to person for identifying and managing risks, and making sound judgment calls on feature and release quality. You have experience with Android or iOS development and familiarity with Google infrastructure and tools, such as test and release automation. You will work with other program managers on the team to plan, track, triage, and make decisions about releases, quality and production. You will develop best practices around release procedures that will help the team scale and become more efficient. You are required to have sound judgment under pressure, a strong technical background, meticulous attention to detail. You will coordinate between many stakeholders, set expectations for deliverables from many different teams, keep track of success of parallel efforts, identify key roadblocks and work with the team members involved to keep things moving. You will be the owner of a large security program and ultimately responsible for its success. At Google, our users come first, and the Systems Infrastructure team is at the heart of that promise. We build the technologies that transform the way we think about doing business. Whether working on our cloud systems, researching the latest in computer technology or keeping Google's internal systems humming, Googlers and users alike rely on us to keep things running. We're back-end experts: protecting your privacy and ensuring your security. Responsibilities Develop and maintain project plans with well-defined milestones, coordinating client feature development and a matrix of releases. Ensure proper prioritization and cross-team alignment. Assess the quality of releases through monitoring of incoming bugs and code changes to identify quality issues and trends, jumping in when necessary to triage bugs, debug and resolve thorny technical issues, and drive occasional code yellow/reds. Handle incoming feature requests into a release process, while developing tools and processes to improve software engineering productivity. Manage communication of progress/status within the core team; escalate issues as necessary. Identify and solve cross-functional and inter-team issues quickly Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience managing technical programs. 3 years of industry experience with technical subjects and emerging technologies in Machine Learning or related technical fields, and their relevance to the marketplace. 2 years of experience shipping mobile software for Android or iOS. Preferred qualifications: Experience with Google mobile APIs and services (e.g. Google Play services). Expert at the practical application of program management principles and tools. Track record of quickly earning credibility based on your knowledge, flexibility and amazing accomplishments. Excellent organizational skills with ability to develop detailed project plans and see them through to completion. Excellent oral/written communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to engage in highly technical discussions. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.