Job Description: Patent Search Analysts specialize in conducting patent searches for clients. They utilize their technical background and experiences to understand each invention or patent disclosure; and apply critical thinking and problem solving skills to conduct a focused and comprehensive search for prior art references for the search report. Search analysts work with constantly new inventions and cutting-edge technologies, with each project providing unique and broad challenges. Search analysts work on various types of projects, including, patentability, invalidity, state of the art, and freedom to operate searches. Position Responsibilities/Duties: Conduct high-quality patent search projects Meet deadlines and manage the assignments on docket Communicate effectively with other staff and team members Work and be available during business hours Qualifications: Education and work experience in technical area: Ph.D in a biological discipline (Immunology, Microbiology, Biochemistry, Genetics, Neurobiology, Mollecular Biology, Cell Biology). Exposure to immunology, genetic, molecular biology or bioinformatics. Post-doctoral research experience (laboratory experience - either academic or industrial) preferred. Patent JD degree is a plus not required Patent search or research experience – i.e., familiarities with search engines. Background in statistics a plus. Required Skills and Abilities: Performance requirements: Technical understanding of the invention disclosure, and identification of search focus. Problem solving skills in constructing and conducting patent searches using various search engines. Critical thinking skills to analyze found results and completing a search report. Other skills: Self motivated to work effectively and efficiently. Attention to detail and ability to meet deadlines. Cardinal Intellectual Property, Inc. is a global leader in patent and trademark service, and a provider of software services for intellectual property management. As a leader in the patent research industry, Cardinal IP has been contracted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to conduct their PCT searches and prepare the preliminary opinions across all subject categories. Our technology solutions for intellectual property management include Invention Disclosure Processing, Docketing, E-Discovery, and Competitive Monitoring. Our technology platforms incorporate rigorous security and data protection standards, and we maintain confidentiality using the same diligence and procedures as a law firm. Cardinal Intellectual Property, Inc. provides equal opportunity in employment to all employees and applicants for employment. No person will be discriminated against in employment because of race, religion, color, sex, gender, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, disability, sexual orientation, military status, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable Federal, State or local statute or ordinance. XJ6