Reports to the Magellan Rx Management Chief Operating Officer. Leads critical elements of the MRx operations organization, including operations strategy, operations quality and process improvement, learning and performance improvement, contact center and workforce management, member engagement/experience strategy, integration of acquired businesses, surveillance and oversight, and IT portfolio oversight and coordination. Establishes strategic operation objectives, implements, monitors, measures and refines objectives to ensure positive outcomes and alignment with corporate and MRx performance goals. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Leads the development of an annual operations strategy by working across peer organizations and in concert with the Pharmacy IT functions, with specific deliverables, objectives, and quantifiable goals. As the operational business owner, collaborates and coordinates with IT, Network, and Business Development leadership teams to define business requirements for related operational support systems. Creates and/or defines processes, tools, measurements and systems consistent with processes found in the MRx environment. Determines areas of overlap and opportunities for synergies within MRx by working with all subject matter experts to ensure operational effectiveness. Develops financial operating model in partnership with Finance team. Drives productivity improvements, not only within the Operations organization but across MRx. Defines and develops solutions for all segments of operations to include call center, help desk, clinical operations and formulary operations. Functions as a member of the senior leadership team in providing creative solutions, proposing new opportunities and driving toward an aggressive growth target. Oversees all operational project activities that are central to implementation of key initiatives and on-boarding new clients and/or programs. Identifies and creates solutions for customers, and as an executive sponsor of proposals and RFP responses, provides strategic direction and operational solutions. General Job Information Title SVP, PBM Operations Grade 35 Job Family Pharmacy Group Country United States of America FLSA Status United States of America (Exempt) Recruiting Start Date 8/2/2018 Date Requisition Created 8/2/2018 Minimum Qualifications Education Bachelors|| && Masters License and Certifications - Required License and Certifications - Preferred LSSBB - Lean Six Sigma Black Belt Certification - Enterprise Other Job Requirements Responsibilities 10+ year experience working in a healthcare and/or PBM operations capacity.Medicare and Medicaid experience highly desirable. Proven leader of senior leaders. Experience from within an exponential growth organization.Deep domain expertise in all aspects of PBM operations in an executive leadership capacity. Magellan Health Services is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and a Tobacco-free workplace. EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled