OUR STORY: Ulta Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Ulta”) is the largest beauty retailer in the United States and the premier beauty destination for cosmetics, fragrance, skin, hair care products and salon services. Since opening its first store over 25 years ago, Ulta has grown to become the top national retailer providing All Things Beauty, All in One Place™. Ulta operates over 1100 retail stores across the US and also distributes its products through its website www.ulta.com. POSITION SUMMARY: ULTA Beauty Information Technology is looking for an experienced Evangelist and Thought Leader to lead the Data and Analytics Vision / Practice. This person will be an innovative thinker and works closely with business and IT teams to understand capability needs and define solutions to complex data and analytics problems. He/She should be comfortable working in a collaborative, dynamic, and fast paced environment with minimal direction for extended periods, as well as assisting and mentoring other team members. Assignments may vary from defining the Vision, setting direction, choosing technologies and executing projects. A solid background in the Retail Industry is required. CORE JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: Ownership of the creation and evolution of ULTA being a data driven enterprise to continually use analytics to make fact-based business decisions Provide direction and leadership for BI/ Data practice, standardization and improvement across the organization in the following domains: Application Architecture – major applications, components and processes including integration with third parties Information Architecture – data models, data integration, data warehousing, data quality and information delivery Technical Architecture – infrastructure platforms and technologies Strategic Architecture – emerging technologies, strategy setting Ensure that the applications, systems, data and technology aspects of the BI/ Data are driven by the business imperatives and the requirements driving the overall architecture are managed consistently and effectively. Actively contribute to overall portfolio management leveraging application and system rationalization, standardization, retirement and streamlining opportunities Works in a consultative manner with other departments, employees, customers and partners Hires, mentors, directs and develops BI staff Participate in special projects or perform other duties as required Develop methods and procedures to assure that key business users understand system functionality and how it can be applied to fulfill business requirements. Heavily involved with Senior and executive management to understand and establish business strategies and formulate recommendations and priorities. Overall control of planning, staffing, budgeting, managing expense priorities and implementing change management throughout the organization. Recommend innovations which anticipate the future directions of business and information technology relative to development standards and practices. Collaborate with areas outside of IT and interface directly with business teams to scope and formulize solution requirements. Ability to multi-task and adapt quickly to change. Work closely with key business partners during entire lifecycle of the project Use the ULTA SDLC (System Development Lifecycle Process) for technical project execution. Produce solution cost and resource estimates based on business requirements and statements of work. ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Create and maintain the Enterprise BI/ Data strategy, standards, policies, and best practices to support business and technology objectives. Lead the definition, implementation and governance of the enterprise master data program to manage data accuracy, consistency, quality and security. Define how big data architectures can be effectively used to manage structured and unstructured data and help provide market differentiation via improved analytics. REQUIREMENTS FOR CONSIDERATION: Solid understanding of the retail industry business and BI/ Data processes and systems. Familiarity with Google Cloud Platform, Azure Cloud, SAP BW, HANA, Business Objects, Tableau, Emerging Big Data technologies. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, a related field, or applicable work experience. 10+ years of overall experience in information technology including architecture, design and development. 5+ years demonstrated leadership experience in complex business and technical environments as an Architect is required. Ability to multi-task and adapt quickly to change. Possess a strong work ethic; takes pride in producing a quality product. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Excellent decision making and leadership skills. Ability to influence the organization to "get things done". Effective negotiation skills. Self-starter requiring minimal supervision. Minimal travel required (training/conferences).