Microsoft’s Customer and Market Research (CMR) team is looking for an exceptional data scientist to join a team of creative and passionate individuals focused on increasing the ROI of Microsoft’s multi-billion dollar global marketing budget. The team capitalizes on data from internal and external sources to measure and impact strategy across Microsoft. What you’ll be doing: Data Scientists need data! They need ‘good’ data and here’s where you come in – you will further accelerate the scope and pace of CMR’s Advanced Analytics practice by refining the connections among existing datasets, creating powerful visualizations from this data, bring to life analytical findings through storytelling and using this data to generate additional hypotheses for increased understanding of business drivers. You have a keen desire to solve business problems, and live to find patterns and insights within structured and unstructured data. You will dig deeply into our data and become the go-to data expert by asking and answering questions within and across our datasets. You will communicate this knowledge to others on the team and vendors as they embark on analyses. You will be the liaison in the team’s analytical process from data scoping & modeling to delivery in ensuring the right data is being used, the data is being interpreted correctly and meaningful data is visualized appropriately. Beyond our immediate team, you will act as a promoter and enabler, helping others to appreciate how different data can lend to deeper understanding of our customers and strategies. Success in this role means the advanced analytics team can rely on you for data-related understanding prior to, during and after analyses are completed. In addition, as you discover new relationships and expose them visually via dashboards you will challenge and expand the thinking of everyone around you. So, success in this role will come not only from delivery of analysis, but also from delivering takeaways, insights, and recommendations that support decision making and investment of marketing dollars. Responsibilities Who we’re looking for: You desire a fast paced, test-driven, collaborative and iterative learning environment. You love data, scale and agility – in fact, a fanatical attention to detail is one of your strongest qualities. You enjoy juggling several projects at the same time and are talented at managing expectations and your own time. You excel at making complex concepts simple and easy to understand by those around you – you take care in articulating your own thought process as well as in helping make the work of others better. You believe remote teams are the future and can adjust your work style to work with globally located teams. You are enthusiastic in identifying how every question ladders back to business outcomes. You’re driven to show the world the power of applied analytics. You have experience with BI tools such as Tableau and PowerBI. While not an expert, you are aware of and have experience with statistical analysis environments such as R, MATLAB, SPSS or SAS. 2-3 of years of experience doing data science or marketing analytics. You have previously worked in a fast-paced large company setting and have a track record of high achievement as well as excellent written and verbal communication skills. You can legally work in the United States. Qualifications Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.