Aufgaben Embedded in a worldwide network Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America, Inc. continuously strives to remain at the forefront of successful automotive research and development. MBRDNA is headquartered in Silicon Valley, California, with key areas of Autonomous Driving, Advanced Interaction Design, Digital User Experience, Machine Learning, Costumer Research, and Business Innovation. In Redford, Michigan, the focus is on Powertrain and eDrive technology as well as in Long Beach, where the E-Mobility Group helps to shape the future of the North American market for hydrogen fuel cell and battery electric vehicles. The Testing and Regulatory Affairs Division in Ann Arbor and the Advanced Vehicle Design in Carlsbad complete the competence center. Together, all the developers, technicians, engineers and designers take on the challenges of creating the next innovation. They’re inspired by the newest trends, find the best solutions for the customer, develop the latest and greatest technologies and create the next generation of connected, safe, sustainable and luxurious vehicles. Here at MBRDNA, we are looking for talented, energetic, and committed individuals to join our diverse team. Our employees are the key to our success, and we support each individual in fulfilling his or her potential. We proudly continue the pioneering work initiated by founders Gottlieb Daimler and Carl Benz over 125 years ago. Role Overview: Perform special projects to support emissions lab operations Assist with emissions lab operations Document project status and test results Interact with all team members and customers in a positive and professional manner, helping to create a cooperative and constructive approach to problem solving, decision-making, and planning Support general Tech Center operations Qualifikationen Minimum Skills Required: Pursuing an Engineering degree or recent graduate Basic understanding of automotive technology and testing methods. Strong computer skills including PC hardware, Windows software, and basic programming skills. Basic usage of hand tools Demonstrated problem solving abilities Strong written and verbal communication skills Preferred Qualifications: Experience in vehicle emissions testing