Control-Tec, an Aptiv Automotive company, is a global provider of telematics and analytics solutions serving the transportation industry in the Light-duty, Heavy-duty, Recreational, Agriculture, Locomotive, and Industrial sectors. The CT® solution combines comprehensive data acquisition methods with a powerful edge and cloud computing architecture resulting in an enterprise-class solution for fleet management, product development, connected vehicle and data exchange applications. Control-Tec’s Qualifier platform enables automotive OEMs to possess the speed, flexibility, reliability, cost savings and collaboration needed to successfully develop today’s software centric machines. Since 2009, Control- Tec has supported the development of data solutions that enable robust design, development and validation for powertrain, vehicle, and electrical system domains. This unmatched expertise of both vehicle systems and data analytics uniquely positions Control-Tec to offer our clients the ability to avoid warranty cost, improve product quality, enhance customer experience and optimize an increasingly connected portfolio. Position Summary: Control-Tec is looking for a passionate, motivated, and detail-oriented Cloud Automation Engineer, entry level. This position will be working on the IT Solutions team to automate infrastructure, enable a DevOps culture within the company through collaboration with other teams, explore and implement new technologies, and suggest enhancements to existing services. An ideal candidate should be able to work well on a team but also be self-motivated and curious. New technologies will be explored often so the ability to be quick learning and hands on is a must. Job Responsibilities Helping to design, test, and implement various infrastructure automation using tools like Terraform and Ansible. Actively participate in high level team activities such as suggesting architecture improvements, recommending process improvements and conducting tool evaluations. Independence to manage day to day activities with minimal supervision and be capable to escalate and drive issues to resolution when required. Create and support internal documentation and handoffs to other teams. Collaborate with other teams to help streamline application and infrastructure deployment times. Minimum Qualifications Good understanding and use of IT Cloud concepts including architecture, security, serverless, monitoring, and networking. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills - including verbal, written, and presentation. Ability to tailor communication to audience. Analytical, troubleshooting, and research skills with performance issues in production and development environments Strong technical aptitude and ability to research and solve complex issues independently At least one year experience with a cloud provider such as AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, etc. At least two years’ experience with Linux (preferably Debian-based distributions). Proficient scripting in Python. Experience with version control systems such as Git or Subversion. Experience in designing and improving highly available systems. Desired Skills and Qualifications Experience with automated build pipelines, continuous integration, and continuous deployment with test automations frameworks. AWS or Azure certifications (eg. AWS Solutions Architect - Associate or 70-532: Developing Microsoft Azure Solutions) Experience delivering infrastructure for distributed, scalable, secure, reliable software systems Experience in managing Linux and/or systems with configuration management, such as Ansible, Puppet, Chef, VMWare. Understanding of network and Information Security best practices. Experience working in an enterprise production environment. 4-year degree in IT, MIS, Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent work experience