About Us Republic Services is an industry leader in U.S. recycling and non-hazardous solid waste. Through our subsidiaries, Republic’s collection companies, recycling centers, transfer stations, and landfills focus on providing effective solutions to make proper waste disposal effortless for our 14 million customers. We’ll handle it from here., our brand promise, lets customers know they can count on Republic to provide a superior experience while fostering a sustainable Blue Planet for future generations to enjoy a cleaner, safer and healthier world. Why Work with Us Our Company cannot thrive without great people devoted to serving customers, the community, and the planet. We hire the best people to make Republic a great place to work. We are focused on attracting talented individuals across professions who are as committed to serving customers and the planet as we are. We strive to create a workplace that's meaningful and rewarding to our 33,000 employees. That's why we are proud to be recognized as Best Large Employer by Forbes, World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere, and One of the Most Meaningful Companies to Work for in America by Business Insider. Job Description The Workforce Analytics Analyst is be responsible for consulting with internal constituents on the identification, development and reporting of human capital and related business metrics and analyses to be used in assessing and improving HR programs, HR service delivery, and business performance. The role focuses on HR analytics and data reporting capabilities by assisting with the detailed statistical analysis of people data to identify actionable insights and build predictive models. The Workforce Analytics Analyst leverages data analysis results to promote a culture of accountability; oversees the development, implementation and monitoring of programs across all of human resources through the establishment of statistical models, HR Scorecards; supports workforce planning data analytics to advance evidence-based decision making with the Human Resources team. Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Preferred Qualifications Principal Responsibilities Creates reports designed to interpret Human Resources metrics including, but not limited to, data relating to turnover, compensation, productivity, headcount, performance management, talent development, affirmative action, diversity, leave of absence, compliance, labor relations and leadership. Serves as a workforce analytics liaison with HR Operations, Total Rewards and Learning and Talent Development. Applies understanding of the business and HR to evaluate information needs and recommend and develop appropriate solutions (metrics, analyses, data collection, tool functionality, etc.) to inform service delivery. Helps clients learn to access basic data directly through appropriate tools. Provides basic reports (e.g. rosters, counts, listings) as needed by clients who do not have direct access to employee data. Builds expertise in sophisticated statistical analyses (e.g. regression analysis, factor analysis, predictive modeling) and applies analytical techniques to draw inferences and conclusions from analyses (e.g. hypothesis testing). Presents methodology and conclusions of analyses directly to client and/or senior executive teams. Develops and maintains HR Scorecards with standard reporting on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis. Partners with HR leadership and other department heads to inventory and set key measures for all functional areas of HR. Develops, maintains and distributes Turnover Dashboards & Executive Summary reporting. Anticipates and develops ad-hoc reporting to meet changing business needs. Supports the HR leadership team to identify business challenges and uses data analysis to help influence changes to operations, processes and programs across the organization. Collaborates with Executive Management and HR leadership to identify the performance metrics of general HR activities and programs that drive business outcomes. Develops metrics that will track, measure and communicate key performance metrics associated with Company-wide initiatives to facilitate accountability. Manages the HR Priority Division process. Presents and interprets various analyses related to the impact of improvement opportunities. Supports reporting and tracking of assigned major initiatives for the HR organization. Acts as liaison between HR and Financial Analysis and Planning during month-end and provides quarterly reporting to facilitate the communication of summary and detailed variance commentary related to business and/or major initiative results. Creates and runs moderate to complex queries and data requests to support strategic business initiatives. Effectively reviews reports created either individually or by others. Summarizes information and effectively communicates analyses in writing and verbally to his/her audience. Performs other job-related duties as assigned or apparent. The statements used herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by an employee in this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties and skills required by an incumbent so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the Company. Qualifications Minimum of 1 year of HR analytics/reporting experience (required). Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution in Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, Business or other discipline with extensive quantitative coursework. Minimum of 3 years of working with analytics and/or business intelligence. Proven ability to integrate and synthesize research information from multiple sources, delivering value-added insights and recommended actions. PC software knowledge and skills, including Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Crystal reports, and R. Rewarding Compensation and Benefits Eligible employees can elect to participate in: Comprehensive medical benefits coverage, dental plans and vision coverage. Health care and dependent care spending accounts. Short- and long-term disability. Life insurance and accidental death & dismemberment insurance. Employee and Family Assistance Program (EAP). Employee discount programs. 401(k) plan with a generous company match. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). Republic Services is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.