ITESM Demand Management Process Solution architect – gather high level requirements, propose on-boarding solutions, provide rough order of magnitude / estimations, time lines Bring in required ITSM subject matter experts, technical resources, as well as external team members such as vendor partners, other Disney product owners as needed to solution for new product capabilities / gap use cases. Manage the Demand through delivery process including coordination with our Platform Demand Management team, across team and partner product owners, stakeholders and technical teams. Package demand artifacts, coordinate assessments and obtaining estimates Define / improve the Demand / estimating process. ITESM Release Train Engineer (RTE) – facilitate the Agile Release train events, including leading Program Increment (PI) planning events. ITESM Team Program & Project Management Manages the PMO team including project manager and scrum master Acts as the Disney Project Manager for small projects Manages PMO Administration Track project progress, gather status, and report on progress, issue and risk management. Resource Forecast & Actuals Management Manage and maintain a consolidated human resource plans Facilitates governance meetings across multiple stakeholder teams: gathers required data, takes minutes and actions Worked as a Process Architect, Product Manager in the Service Management discipline - 7-10+ years: Product & Process Skills Subject Matter expertise across the Service Management lifecycle: Incident, Problem, Knowledge, Change, Release, Asset, & Configuration Management. Soliciting and creating capabilities, features, epics, user stories, Process Design & Development Critical thinking and problem solving skills Methods Skills Experience in SAFe / Agile framework (5+ years) including scum master, Release train Engineer / PI Planning, Kanban, Traditional Program & Project Management Service Management tools Experience in process design and deliver within IT Service Management tools such as ServiceNow (preferred), Remedy, HP Leadership Skills: A self-starter, who can effectively navigate a complex organizational structure, leading teams through influence and direct line management. Establish and manage effective working relationships in a network / matrix environment with other departments, groups and staff with whom work must be coordinated or interfaced. A person that can decide and act without having the total picture and is comfortable handling risk and uncertainty. Excellent customer facing / communication skills Experience with ServiceNow ITSM Suite SAFe Certified ITIL Foundations or Practitioner 4-year degree or equivalent experience Scrum Master Training ITIL v3 Service Manager COBIT 5 SAFe Certified At Disney, we‘re storytellers. We make the impossible, possible. We do this through utilizing and developing cutting-edge technology and pushing the envelope to bring stories to life through our movies, products, interactive games, parks and resorts, and media networks. Now is your chance to join our talented team that delivers unparalleled creative content to audiences around the world. Disney Enterprise Technology is a shared services organization responsible for the strategy and management, central engineering, architecture, IT and technical operations for the Walt Disney Company. The Enterprise Technology IT Service Management (ITESM) team is responsible for the IT Service Management architecture strategy, process and tools that enable Service management capabilities for our Enterprise Technology service providers & segment customers. This includes product and process management of Incident, Problem, Knowledge, Change, Release, Asset and Configuration Management, Auto-discovery, integrations on the ServiceNow platform. The ITESM Process Architect is responsible and accountable for IT Service Management team’s capability and customer on-boarding demand through delivery management lifecycle. This includes: Defining & continuously improving the team’s demand intake through delivery methodology and processes based on industry best practices including SAFe, Lean, ITIL Managing our demand through delivery process In collaboration with the ITESM Technical Architect, ITESM Product Managers and Product Owners providing repeatable solutions to on-board customers to ITESM As the ITESM Process Architect, this role will have deep knowledge of our end to end process architecture, including all process touch points and integrations within IT Service Management lifecycle and its implementation within our supporting ITSM tools (ServiceNow) including business rules and workflow. As a champion in our Agile transformation, this role will have experience and expertise in industry best practices such as SAFe, Agile and Lean & ITIL, IT4IT. As the lead member of our PMO team, this role will also be accountable for overseeing project delivery management, assigning project managers or taking on project management of ITSM projects, and providing / applying modern best practices. 555364