Overview: Wells Fargo technology teams drive innovation to create a more powerful and fulfilling financial experience for our customers and team members. You will join more than 24,000 team members supporting 95 billion transactions annually in 10 countries. Our career opportunities span the technology spectrum: advanced analytics, big data, information security, application development, cloud enablement, project management and more. SUCCESS PROFILE Check out the top traits we're looking for and see if you have the right mix. Additional related traits listed below. Analytical Detail-oriented Insightful Inventive Problem Solver Curious Benefits Wells Fargo wants to help you get more out of life and take care of things outside the office to make life a little easier. We provide: Medical, Dental and Vision Employer Matching 401(k) Tuition Reimbursment Maternity and Paternity Leave Paid Time Off Responsibilties Job Description At Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Wells Fargo’s Chief Administrative Office (CAO) consists of enterprise functions that work together to promote and protect the Wells Fargo culture and brand, and support our team members. Groups within CAO work to protect our reputation, tell our story, bolster team member engagement, connect with our customers, and bring new and innovative solutions to life. CAO functions include Commitment to Customer, Corporate Responsibility & Community Relations, Data Management & Insights, Human Resources, Marketing, and Stakeholder Relations. The Enterprise Analytics and Data Science team is looking for a new team member with natural analytic curiosity, who takes the initiative to offer ideas and add value with limited direction. This role will be responsible for performing text analysis and advanced analytics supporting LOBs across the enterprise. This includes using machine learning techniques and programming languages to derive relevant analysis and metrics, including building proof of concepts to determine value of implementing in future projects. Key Responsibilities Include: As part of a team focused on understanding the customer experience across the organization, the analyst will work within the team to follow and develop the analysis according to our analytic process: Define/understand business objectives Identify/assess data sources Build text analytic and machine learning models Data visualization Communicating the results In addition to a demonstrated ability using programming languages to perform text analysis, the ideal candidate should be able to think outside the box to uncover new ways to analyze unstructured data in conjunction with analytical tools to answer complicated business questions. Data Management and Insights (DMI) , which offers Chief Data Office capabilities to Wells Fargo, focuses on leveraging data as a strategic asset. Data is critical to Wells Fargo’s continued success, deepening relationships with our customers, creating a seamless and convenient multi-channel experience, and meeting our commitment to satisfy our customers’ financial needs. DMI defines how we use information across the company, align our business practices and support our continued focus on great customer experience. Required Qualifications 6+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 4+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling 2+ years of Python experience 2+ years of SQL experience 2 + years of experience using quantitative machine learning techniques 2+ years of Natural Language Processing (NLP) experience Desired Qualifications Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills 2+ years of statistical modeling experience Extensive statistical modeling, analysis, optimization and segmentation experience Experience with Tensorflow, Theano or Keras Experience with design, implementation and governance with Artificial Intelligence, Natural Language Processing or Machine Learning Architecture Other Desired Qualifications Strong ability to retrieve, combine and transform data from numerous information systems Experience working with big data infrastructure with tools such as Hive, Spark and h2o Ability to think creatively to find innovative solutions to complex analytical questions Reading, understanding and implementing algorithms and other techniques from academic paper Proven ability to take initiatives and drive each project to completion with minimal guidance while effectively managing multiple projects at a time Ability to translate and summarize complex analysis into understandable, actionable insights and recommendations that directly drive effective business strategy 1+ years’ experience operationalizing ML or NLP solutions Text Analytics: 2 + years of text analytics experience Experience using GitHub for version control and collaboration Knowledge and/or experience with the following: Implementing solutions with common NLP frameworks and libraries in Python (NLTK, spaCy, gensim) or Java (Stanford CoreNLP, NLP4J) Common NLP techniques, such as Pre-processing (tokenization, part-of-speech tagging, parsing, stemming) Semantic analysis (named entity recognition, sentiment analysis) Modeling and word representations (TF-IDF, LSA, LDA, word2vec) Data engineering skills (deploying analytical solutions across an organization in a production format) Serving as an in-house expert on NLP and speech analytics, teaching others advanced techniques and using state-of-the-art methods Experience with design, implementation and governance with Artificial Intelligence, Natural Language Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.