The Business Data Architect provides leadership and guidance for foundational data architecture, conceptual data models, business data dictionary, systems of record definition, meta data definition, reference data definition, data standards, CRUD(Create-Read-Update-Delete) models, and architectural considerations for data management areas (i.e. data integration, data security, data quality management). Provides governance for data and analytics requirements and solution design. Drives tool selection for data governance, data quality, and front-end reporting and analytics in collaboration with IT and business units. Recommends leading practices and industry trends in data management, analytics, visualization and reporting. Minimum Requirements Bachelors or Masters' degree in a relevant business, information technology or analytics related field and eight (8) years of data management or data/IT architecture design role. Proficient in data/IT architecture leading practices, data modeling, data integration, CRUD modeling, SQL, workflows and related tools. Proficient in PC applications including advanced skill level in Microsoft Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Power BI and Word. Proficient in one or more data modeling, reporting and analytical tools. Preferred Special Skills, Knowledge or Qualifications Some knowledge of applicable federal and state laws, regulations, and standards impacting business unit areas. Great customer service, organizational, and analytical skills. Demonstrated communication skills, both verbal and written. Must be able to work on multiple tasks simultaneously. Major Accountabilities 1) Primary custodian of data and analytics architecture, standards and policies across the enterprise. 2) Develop and maintain conceptual data architecture with clear articulation of producer systems, systems of record, consuming systems and integration mechanism for key information objects (master data and transactional data). 3) Develop and maintain data models including subject area models, conceptual models, and logical models. 4) Develop and maintain meta data, reference data, and business data dictionary, data standards and policies. 5) Develop and maintain CRUD (Create-Read-Update-Delete) data life cycle models. 6) Review and approve data, reporting and analytic functional and non- functional requirements. Maintain functional solution design inventory. 7) Design, develop and delivery of visualizations and reporting solutions. 8) Recommend data, reporting and analytic architecture leading practices. 9) Collaborates with business unit stakeholders in setting strategic direction to establish near term goals for reporting, visualization and analytics. 10) Lead and/or support new software or solution evaluations in collaboration with data and analytics team, IT Architects and business unit stakeholders. Export Compliance/EEO This position may require access to and/or use of information subject to control under the Department of Energy's Part 810 Regulations (10 CFR Part 810), the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) (15 CFR Parts 730 through 774), or the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) (22 CFR Chapter I, Subchapter M Part 120) (collectively, "U.S. Export Control Laws"). Therefore, some positions may require applicants to be a U.S. person, which is defined as a U.S. Citizen, a U.S. Lawful Permanent Resident (i.e. 'Green Card Holder'), a Political Asylee, or a Refugee under the U.S. Export Control Laws. All applicants will be required to confirm their U.S. person or non-US person status. All information collected in this regard will only be used to ensure compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws, and will be used in full compliance with all applicable laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of national origin and other factors. For positions at Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Stations (PVNGS) all openings will require applicants to be a U.S. person. Pinnacle West Capital Corporation and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Pinnacle West”) provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability.