Description This position is open until filled. Snohomish County Planning and Development Services (PDS) Department is implementing an OpenText Electronic Content Management (ECM) system to store, manage and retrieve records that exist in microfiche and paper and will continue to be created electronically. The ECM will enable the public to access public records at any time through a web portal. PDS seeks employees who are self-managing high performers, accountable for their actions, and dedicated to providing superior customer service. Ideal candidates are excited about change and learning, are innovative, organized, exceptionally customer-service oriented, and have a passion for public service. The successful Systems Administrator will be part of a team of technical and records management staff who are designing and building a streamlined, end-to- end records management system for PDS. This is a project position anticipated to end in late 2019. The position will be assigned to the Department of Information Technology and will focus on learning how to implement the ECM for not only PDS but also as an enterprise-wide solution. While the ECM is being built for PDS, the challenge is to figure out how to make the new ECM scalable to other departments and benefit the county as a whole. Job Duties To provide technical applications, advice, direction and assistance to Planning and Development Services (PDS) for computer software operation and maintenance; maintains integrity of PDS's primary databases and applications. STATEMENT OF ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES Plans, monitors and supervises system programs to ensure the security and accuracy of the computerized process and underlying data; maintains detailed records; arranges and supervises the preparation and distribution of a variety of related reports; ensures the operational efficiency and accommodation of new systems and integration of technologies as they become available. Retrieves data from complex relational databases; maintains, prepares and distributes reports. Requests, stages, and/or runs computer production and batch jobs as necessary in accordance with required timelines and requests. Works in partnership with Department of Information Technology (DoIT) to install and maintain system(s) applications for PDS; provides integration, interfaces, enhancements and problem solves existing applications; maintains detailed records documenting accuracy of system(s). Participates in planning for operations, procedures, and standards of the system(s); evaluates system(s) for efficiency and potential cost savings enhancements. Assists with development of workflow charts, procedural manuals, and training aids and instructs personnel of system functions; maintains detailed documentation for system(s) applications that are not vendor developed; coordinates staff education as needed. Ensures adherence to long-range system(s) plans; recommends, coordinates and supervises the implementation of long-range plans to provide for seamless integration. Assists with acquisition processes such as requests for proposal and/or requests for information for data processing applications as required; conducts needs assessment, planning and coordination of acquisition and installation of new hardware and/or software and supplies as needed; administers initial and on-going registration of hardware and software with vendors and DoIT. As applicable, serves as a liaison with DoIT and outside vendors as needed: recommends new programs and modifications to existing programs as necessary; advised management about availability of new technology. STATEMENT OF OTHER JOB DUTIES Coordinate setting up user accounts and connections to other PDS systems as required. Performs special projects as assigned. Performs related duties as required. Minimum Qualifications A Bachelor's degree in computer science or closely related field; AND, three (3) years of experience in, database administration and analysis, and system administration experience; OR, any equivalent combination of training and/or experience that provide the required knowledge, and abilities. Experience with a large, complex, relational databases is required. Must pass job related tests. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS A valid Washington State driver's license may be required. Lifting up to 50 pounds may be necessary. Additional Information KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITIES Knowledge of: computer literacy and computer operations procedures Microsoft Office Suite Microsoft SQL Server and other relational database systems project management principles, tools and techniques the County's computer operating system environment Crystal reports and other report generating software Ability to: effectively manage a large system (such as a relational database) and application installation and continued maintenance think creatively to troubleshoot and solve complex problems work collaboratively with vendors and, other departments and government organizations configure a highly flexible, dynamic workflow system with a database instruct others in the use of system software operate computer equipment and software programs write custom reports from databases research and stay current on technology supportive for the department establish and maintain effective working relationships with superiors, peers, associates and the general public understand and execute complex oral and written instructions effectively write and maintain accurate, consistent documentation and procedural manuals communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with people of varying degrees of technical background plan and think logically and be able to prioritize work work under pressure, cope with interruptions, and meet deadlines exercise good judgment as to when to act independently and when to refer situations to higher authority SUPERVISION Employees in this class receive direction from supervisors and division managers and have wide latitude in dealing with technical aspects of the work. The employee plans and carries out successive steps and resolves problems in accordance with instructions, policies and accepted practices. WORKING CONDITIONS The work is performed in the usual office environment. The employee may be required to work evenings, weekend and holidays as necessary. Snohomish County is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. Accommodations for individuals with disabilities are provided upon request. EEO policy and ADA notice