Are you looking for unlimited opportunities to develop and succeed? With work that challenges and makes a difference and a flexible and supportive environment, we can help our customers achieve their dreams and aspirations. Our Manulife / John Hancock family is going through an exciting, yet challenging metamorphosis. We are transforming from a wise 130-year-old company into an agile 130-year-young company. This is a journey, and to quote T.S. Elliot; “The journey, Not the destination matters...”. On this journey, we expect all to bring their knowledge, skills and experience as a team and, when we don’t know, we will learn. Within the Manulife family, our team is within the Investments Division and as a division we believe the truth is in the numbers. We believe it’s time to change the investment game. To do it differently by focusing on the value we bring our clients, rather than on the usual topics of performance and fees. We have just surpassed $1 trillion in assets under management with a diverse range of both public and private asset classes. Our division is global and have operations in North America, Asia and Europe and we serve a diverse range of clients from our own on-balance general account assets to institutional, retail and wealth. As an Enterprise Architecture team, we want to foster and create diverse thinking and perspectives to drive innovative solutions. We recognize that sometimes we must embrace ambiguity, creative abrasions and productive friction, to then help drive clarity. Above all, we strive to be leaders of influence. We invite you to join our team bringing your passion, high level of curiosity and capacity to constantly learn from both failure and success, remaining open to change and continuous improvement. As the Architect responsible for the Public Markets domain, you will develop and maintain deep understanding and knowledge of publicly traded asset classes as it pertains to Investments management business model and strategic requirements. You will provide Business context, direction and facilitate the development of technology architecture required to align and meet Public Markets business need. In this role, developing relationships with enterprise leaders both within business and IT groups is very important to facilitate better collaboration, bring clarity to complex problems and improve decision making. Your Responsibilities: Provide leadership for building common understanding of Public Markets business domain and operating model, strategic objectives and initiatives Develop and maintain business capability model for the domain as a basis for effective collaboration between the Business and IT Partner with business and technology subject experts to translate business requirements into technological solutions Articulate IT strategic direction by developing and maintain architecture blueprints Ensure vitality of Public Markets Domain application portfolio through periodic reviews and assessments in collaboration with a diverse set of stakeholders Develop an integrated view of shared capabilities across different groups/regions in within Public Markets, identifying and highlighting cross-region and cross-functional dependencies Develop architecture roadmaps to help plan transformational initiatives Provide a single point of contact for the design and implementation of common, domain-level applications and services Introduce flexibility as needed and incrementally provide cost-effective and sustainable solutions Conduct feasibility, costs/benefits and impact analysis to support IT investment decisions Advise on potential disruptive technologies and trends – monitor and analyze industry, technology and market trends to determine their potential impact or application for the organization Develop and maintain relationships with senior stakeholders to promote relevant and effective usage of Enterprise Architecture, ensuring value of its deliverables Collaborate with engineering teams to maintain the integrity of the Domain architecture Deliver architecture within Agile delivery model – through innovation and continuous improvement We are looking for an Individual who possesses the following Skills and Competencies: An undergraduate degree and 5+ years working as a practicing architect, preferably at Enterprise level Knowledge of various methods and frameworks for analysis and design of Business, Operating and Management models, with practical experience in applying them for developing Enterprise and function specific Business and Application Architectures Knowledge and experience assessing, designing and/or implementing investment and financial systems Experience working in global, complex, customer-oriented IT environment Business acumen - in-depth knowledge of the end-to-end investment/asset management process, industry trends and regulatory requirements in Public Markets, including all front, mid and back office business functions across different asset classes and markets Strong influencing and networking skills – able to initiate change and work across departmental lines in a matrix structure where direct control and responsibility/authority are not mandated but implied Strong consulting skills in a variety of areas – methods and frameworks for developing strategic roadmaps (both Business and IT), EA practice, Business Process Modeling, Change Management, Enterprise Architecture and IT Governance, Enterprise Shared Services discovery, IT Strategic planning and Technology Modernization. Thought leadership - ability to help Business and IT leads on thinking through the possibilities of new technology, the business strategy implications and how to make it work in our environment Conceptual thinking - ability to gain insight into complex problems using generalization and abstract models Strategic thinking – ability to understand contexts, identify patterns and trends, and analyze impact of different change factors Innovative thinking – ability to apply unconstrained thinking to create new ways of solving problems Design thinking Exposure to some or all of the following experiences is desired: Asset and Wealth management operations platforms and technologies such as Bloomberg, SimCorp, Appway, Vermillion, SS&C; Sylvan or equivalent Familiarity with Service Oriented Architecture and Microservices Architecture Cloud Services and Big Data Platforms Agile methodologies (Scrum) and iterative development Architecture Design Principles and Integration Frameworks & Patterns What about Perks? Manulife has lots of perks including, but not limited to : Competitive compensation Retirement Savings Accounts including a fully funded Pension Plan and a 401(k) plan with company match. Manulife Share Ownership Program with company match. Customizable Benefits Package including Health, Dental and Vision. Generous time off policy. Financial support for ongoing training, learning, and education DressSmart flexible work attire policy. An abundance of career paths and opportunities to advance A flexible work environment with flex hours, work from home arrangements, distributed teams, and condensed work week arrangements. This is a full time permanent role located in Boston, MA. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. About John Hancock Financial and Manulife John Hancock is a division of Manulife Financial Corporation, a leading international financial services group that helps people make their decisions easier and lives better. We operate primarily as John Hancock in the United States, and Manulife elsewhere. We provide financial advice, insurance and wealth and asset management solutions for individuals, groups and institutions. Assets under management and administration by Manulife and its subsidiaries were over $1.1 trillion (US$850 billion) as of March 31, 2018. Manulife Financial Corporation trades as MFC on the TSX, NYSE, and PSE, and under 945 on the SEHK. Manulife can be found at manulife.com. One of the largest life insurers in the United States, John Hancock supports approximately 10.7 million Americans with a broad range of financial products, including life insurance, annuities, investments, 401(k) plans, and college savings plans. We also offer advice through Signator, a network of independent financial advisors. Additional information about John Hancock may be found at johnhancock.com. Agency submissions and contacts are by invitation only and must be initiated by John Hancock's Recruiting Department only. Unsolicited agency submissions will not be honored.