At Sun Life, we work together, share common values and encourage growth and achievement. We offer many career paths that attract a wide variety of talent and skills. Follow a path that lets your talents shine. Job Description: Summary The AVP of Data Science will provide leadership of an inventive predictive analytics and Client insights team that brings the power of data to drive business performance and create value for Clients. This position reports to the VP Marketing for Sun Life Financial, U.S. About the position: Success in the role will involve: Managing directly a team of 12-15 (depending on rotational contributors) as they conduct 20+ projects/yr Aligning the Analytics & Insights team efforts to deliver the greatest benefit to Client and business outcomes Building a community of practice across Sun Life US among the many people and teams who use large data sets and emerging data technologies. Advocating for data-centric business practices, including adoption of expert applications and common infrastructure. With direction from the VP Marketing, the AVP of Data Science will also be responsible for: Partnering with business P &L; leaders in the U.S. and corporate teams, as well as colleagues in the U.S. Marketing team Formulating specific projects, prototypes and pilots based on understanding of business needs and opportunities Envisioning the future state of data science practices at Sun Life in the U.S. with collaboration across the Sun Life global enterprise. Managing budgets and timelines within established parameters About the work: You will lead a team and portfolio of work that is always evolving. Examples of “typical” past projects: Application of advanced modeling techniques to optimize underwriting, distribution and Client service processes Development and evolution of the Benefit Profile and Stop-Loss Benchmark, industry-leading data tools that allow Sun Life representatives to provide Clients with objective context on the benefit plans and coverage levels for our products, leveraging our industry-leading datasets. Custom research, including innovative online communities that allow for ongoing surveying and dialogue with Clients and distribution partners Proof-of-technology tests for automating and accelerating core business processes About you: Candidates must have: Direct expertise in data science including conditioning, modeling, integration and visualization Experience with a broad range of applications and data environments, such as: R, Python, MatLab, SQL, SSRS, Tableau, Logi, Hadoop, Podium Strong knowledge of the fundamental statistical and AI underpinnings of data science Player/coach mentality, able to contribute directly to work as well as lead the function Commitment to data compliance and security protocols Experience in the group employee benefits industry (life, disability, dental, vision, critical illness, accident) or in the health insurance industry, including self-funding and stop-loss, will be useful but is not required. About us: Sun Life Financial is a leading provider of employee benefits in the U.S., helping Clients achieve lifetime financial security and live healthier lives. See how at https://www.youtube.com/user/SunLifeFinancialUS The company has a stated strategic focus on leveraging data and insights to enhance our Clients’ experience and drive business growth. Join our talented, diverse workforce and cultivate a rewarding career. Visit us at www.sunlife.com/us to learn more. Sun Life Financial (U.S.) Services Company, Inc. is a federal contractor subject to Executive Order 11246, Section 4212 of the Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974, as amended, and Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. As such the company is committed to taking positive steps to implement the employment-related aspects of the company’s equal employment opportunity policy. It is the company’s policy to take affirmative action to employ, advance in employment, and otherwise treat qualified minorities, females, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities without regard to their race/ethnicity, sex, veteran status, or disability. Job Category: Advanced Analytics Posting End Date: