We are currently seeking an Information Security Architect (Analyst) to join our Security Architecture, Information Security team within the Information Technology Services (ITS) department here at the University of Southern California. The Information Security Architect will be responsible for the evaluation of information security systems, network architectures, and other pertinent security systems as well as ensuring that security architectures adhere to industry best standards, and the university’s security policies and procedures.Other responsibilities include safeguarding all information and data on networks and systems, and ensuring that all networks and computer systems are adequately secure and protected to prevent unauthorized access. The ideal candidate must possess five years of experience in Information Security. He/she should also possess strong security architecture design experience and extensive knowledge of network security technologies and solutions. Experience performing information security risk assessments and risk analysis as well as experience in the development of secure architecture diagrams are also required . This position must be able to work some weekends and evenings as required. Some travel may be necessary. Information Technology Services (ITS) is committed to providing information technology (IT) services and support to the university. ITS provides essential, university-wide services such as: Enterprise information systems University wired and wireless networks Educational Technology Research Computing IT Security Qualifications: Must have a Bachelor’s degree or combined education/experience as substitute for minimum education Minimum of 5 years of directly related experience in Information Security Experience with Security Architecture design Experience in the development of Secure Architecture diagrams Experience with network security technologies and solutions Experience performing information security risk assessments and risk analysis Demonstrated working knowledge of network security concepts and strategies, including network security fundamentals and attack strategies. Demonstrated working knowledge of application frameworks, security concepts and strategies Demonstrated knowledge of technology used in modern data center environments, such as virtualization, containerization, cloud, high availability and disaster recovery Ability to design, evaluate and document processes and lead teams in accomplishing process review and improvement Ability to interface with teams across the ITS Information Security organization Solid understanding of Software Secure Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and Infrastructure Development Lifecycle (IDLC) processes. Strong written communication and professional verbal communication skills. Strong understanding of information security across all security domains and the relationship between threats, vulnerabilities and information value in the context of risk management Typically possesses 7 years of experience in Information Security Typically possesses 5 years of experience in Security Architecture design Typically possesses complex, regulated industry experience Job Accountabilities: Plans security architect systems by evaluating application, system, network and security technologies. Develops requirements for application, system and network architectures so they meet or exceed compliance requirements and/or industry best-practices Works closely with the Systems and Network teams to integrate security solutions into the infrastructure Identifies required security controls and design elements for new technologies, processes, and tools that may be introduced to the USC environment Maintains and approves security architecture standards as part of Information Security policies, procedures and standards Defines requirements for detailed security standards and configuration baselines. Recommends security solutions based on knowledge of best practices Coordinates with Schools, Units and Hospitals for implementation of secure architecture principles and standards Develops processes to integrate security architecture with change management and systems development (SDLC/IDLC) Maintains awareness and knowledge of current changes within legal, regulatory, and technology environments which may affect operations. Ensures senior management and staff are informed of any changes and updates in a timely manner. Establishes and maintains appropriate network of professional contacts. Maintains membership in appropriate professional organizations and publications. Attends meetings, seminars and conferences and maintains continuity of any required or desirable certifications, if applicable Performs other duties as assigned or requested. The university reserves the right to add or change duties at any time Preferred Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Information Security, Information Technology, Information Systems Management, Computer Science, or Engineering 5 years of experience in Security Architecture design 7 years of experience in Information Security Complex, regulated industry experience Minimum Education: Bachelor's Degree Combined education/experience as substitute for minimum education Minimum Experience: 5 years Minimum Field of Expertise: Strong security architecture design experience. Extensive knowledge of network security technologies and solutions. Strong understanding of information security best practices. Working knowledge of network security concepts and strategies, including network security fundamentals and attack strategies. Working knowledge of application frameworks, security concepts and strategies. Working knowledge of technology used in modern data center environments, such as virtualization, containerization, cloud, high availability and disaster recovery. A solid technical foundation in the delivery of enabling technologies and applications. Ability to design, evaluate and document processes and lead teams in accomplishing process review and improvement. Understanding of Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and Infrastructure Development Lifecycle (IDLC) processes. Strong understanding of information security across all security domains and the relationship between threats, vulnerabilities and information value in the context of risk management. Experience performing information security risk assessments and risk analysis. Experience in development of secure architecture diagrams. Ability to interface with teams across the ITS Information Security organization, such as Enterprise and Infrastructure Services, ITS Information Security, and across USC, such as Internal Audit, etc.