Job Title: Front Desk Administrator - Temp Position (9:30am-6pm) Location: Palo Alto, CA Who We Are Cheetah Mobile (NYSE: CMCM) is a leading, profitable global mobile internet company founded and based in Beijing, China and we are currently building our second HQs in California. We aim to provide the best apps for mobile users worldwide, while building a leading global mobile ad platform for advertisers. Our mission critical applications, including Clean Master, CM Security, Battery Doctor and Duba Anti-virus, help make the internet and mobile experience speedier, simpler, and safer for users worldwide. We had approximately 635 million global mobile monthly active users in December 2015, and we’re continuing to grow! We also provide multiple user traffic entry points and global content promotional channels capable of delivering targeted content to hundreds of millions of users. Our customers include both, direct advertisers and mobile advertising networks. We invest in the latest technologies and trends, such as robotics, artificial intelligence and data-driven content strategies. In our HQs in California, we are looking for talented individuals for every department. Come join us and we can build our new headquarter together! Learn more about us at: www.cmcm.com What will you be doing: This is a temp to perm position - looking for someone who could work 40 hours a week from 10am to 6pm. Provides various business AND office support activities and services which may include copy services, word processing, mail and distribution services, records retention, office reception, facilities administration, travel coordination, and support. Require fluency in English. Experience and Education: Bachelor’s Degree Strong verbal, written, and multi-tasking skills without compromise to quality or productivity Strong PC skills and strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Access, Outlook and Power-Point) Must have a friendly and professional etiquette and attention to detail Job Requirements Include: Greet and direct clients/visitors to appropriate personnel Answer and forward phone calls or take messages as required Keep tidiness of the reception, board room, meeting room and kitchen areas Maintain and order snacks/food/beverages/kitchen supplies Maintain and order stationery and office supplies Manage and update meeting room schedule Receive and sort daily mails/deliveries/couriers Arrange outgoing mails/couriers/pickups Maintain employee and department directories Oversee office machines Work closely with other executive assistants Perform other clerical receptionist duties such as filing, photocopying, etc. Perform other light admin duties as assigned including but not limited to desk assignment for visitors, update company hardware list, etc. What’s in it for you? Free lunches daily Monthly team building events Great learning opportunities Work in a start-up environment with a profitable company