Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) is an industry leading technology company that enables customers to go further, faster. With the industry’s most comprehensive portfolio, spanning the cloud to the data center to workplace applications, our technology and services help customers around the world make IT more efficient, more productive and more secure. Learning does not only happen through training. Relationships are among the most powerful ways for people to learn and grow, and this is part of our HPE culture. In addition to working alongside talented colleagues, you will have many opportunities to learn through coaching and stretch assignment opportunities. You’ll be guided by feedback and support to accelerate your learning and maximize your knowledge. We also have a “reverse mentoring” program which allows us to share our knowledge and strengths across our multi- generation workforce. Enterprise Group works to streamline innovation and simplify IT with superior solutions. By combining ESSN (Enterprise Server, Storage and Networking) and Technology Services into one division, we gain a strategic advantage in our focus on “Converged Infrastructure”. The HPE Enterprise Group supports our customers with the transformation and integration of their technology. We are there for our customers – come join us! Responsibilities: Responsible for delivering business value to customers by architecting effective information systems solutions that address the customer’s business problems, needs and opportunities, in a manner consistent with company’s strategic and business goals. To review and perform audit diligence for the existing processes and tools Develop blueprints to standardize & simplify processes and tools across business functions and regions Be responsible for designing and deploying new solutions and bring in efficiency to the organization. Reviews and evaluates designs and project activities for compliance with solutions design and development guidelines and standards; provides tangible feedback to improve product quality and mitigate failure risk. Ensures compliance to WW and local product structuring guidelines, applying highest data quality and integrity standards throughout the complete product life-cycle Propose and architect solutions to manage complex product structures & solutions in SAP based ERP system to support of our NPI and Product Engineering organization Responsible for all deliverables in stages of design and development for complex products and platforms, including solution design, analysis, coding, testing, and integration. As part of HPE Next Programs, leads large, cross-division functional teams or projects that affect the organization’s long-term goals and objectives Attribute based Product & Services structure for master data management Close to real time product master data collaboration with partners Efficient Engineering change management processes Data conversion / migration planning and execution (ETL) Solution test planning and execution (Functional, SAT, UAT etc.,) Plan management of change (MoC) Defining business reporting needs (S4 HANA) Takes accountability for the success of identified transformation opportunities and leads the delivery of significant quantifiable value add projects Successfully operates in the most complex disciplines of diverse complexity and scope. Ability to handle most unique situations and exercises independent judgment and contributes to the development of innovative principles and ideas. Acts as an expert providing direction and guidance to process improvements and establishing policies and industry best practices. Flexibility to work in any time zone Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities. HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.