Water Treatment Service Technician-San Jose, California Technical Sales Support Service Technicians are responsible for maintaining the existing customer base in San Jose, Santa Clara and the surrounding area, and for performing water treatment tests at those existing customers. With the freedom of working from your home, you can work and train in a territory alongside veteran Territory Managers. Live in or near the San Jose & South Bay area. The career track for a Technical Sales Support/Service Technician is to train to become a Territory Manager. Territory Managers are eligible for unlimited commission and a year-end bonus. As a Technical Sales Support/Service Technician, you will receive an industry competitive salary, expenses, benefits, and a $625 per month car allowance. In addition, ample technical support is provided along with continuous training. Paperwork is kept to a minimum. Compensation is based upon experience and the ability to succeed. $60,000 to $75,000 first year base for a qualified candidate. We hire with a focus that favors the committed employee both in terms of overall compensation and growth opportunities. We have designed our compensation package accordingly. Benefits include a corporate 401k, health, dental, vision, and life insurance. Job Responsibilities: Solve customers' water problems. Treat industrial boilers and cooling towers to keep them energy efficient and environmentally friendly. Perform detailed water testing & analyses at industrial sites, food processing plants, hospitals, commercial buildings, and data centers. Help sell Garratt-Callahan's proprietary chemical blends, equipment, & monitoring technology. Help sell corrosion & scale inhibitors, coagulants, flocculants, biocides, bio-augmentation, feed & monitoring equipment, water management plans, reverse osmosis products. Keep our existing customers happy. Help bring on new industrial customers. About Garratt-Callahan: Garratt-Callahan is a US based private 114 year old, nationwide water treatment chemical company. Garratt-Callahan www.garrattcallahan.com treats industrial boilers and cooling towers to keep them energy efficient and environmentally friendly with one of the most advanced product lines in the industry. We are registered to ISO 9001:2008 and sell an industry leading line of “green" solutions, G-C GreenTech. We are headquartered in Burlingame, California. G-C is family owned, profitable, and expanding. We have five chemical plants in the USA, sales people in every state, and operations in Asia, the Pacific, the Caribbean, and Europe. Benefits: We offer a competitive benefit package which includes medical, dental, vision, AD&D;, LT, and 401k. A monthly car allowance and travel expenses are provided. First year compensation $60,000 to $75,000 depending on experience. Advanced training, and a clear career path to become a Territory Manager, Sales Engineer. Family friendly, flexible hours. A huge benefit of working for Garratt-Callahan is our stability and low turnover. No Layoffs in our 114 year history G-C is a profitable company. The last year that G-C did not turn a profit was during World War 2. Thank you for considering Garratt-Callahan Company. Garratt-Callahan is an EEO/AAE employer. Minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Requirements : You will be a successful applicant if you have a technical degree such as Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Biology, Mechanical Engineering, Paper Science, or Water Resources. You must have a 4 year technical degree to qualify for this position. One year technical sales, or an internship related to water treatment chemicals is preferred, but we are willing to train and mentor. Outside industrial sales experience is a plus. You must live in our near the South Bay of San Francisco, and be familiar with the industrial marketplace of the area. If you have a disability, and need assistance during the application and selection process as a result, please contact the Garratt-Callahan Human Resources department at 650.697.5811, or by email at hrdept@g-c.com. Arrangements can be made to provide an accommodation in order to assist you in applying for an open position using our on-line system, completing any other related paperwork, interviewing, or any other portion of the employment process. When requesting an accommodation, please provide your name, phone, email address, or any other means of contacting you. Provide a brief description of the nature of the requested accommodation. A member of the Human Resources team will then contact you to discuss your request. A request for an accommodation will not affect your opportunities for employment with Garratt- Callahan. Garratt-Callahan values differing experiences, backgrounds and perspectives among our employees, and see them as a competitive advantage. Garratt-Callahan is committed to the fair and equal treatment of all associates and applicants. Garratt-Callahan is an equal opportunity employer that evaluates qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other characteristic protected by law. The “Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law” poster is available at: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf Garratt-Callahan Company’s reaffirmation of Equal Employment/Affirmative Action Statement http://www.g-c.com/documents/human_resources/EEO_Letter_Jeff_Garratt.pdf