Baylor St. Luke’s Medical Center A quaternary care facility that is home of the Texas Heart® Institute, a world-class cardiovascular research and education institution founded in 1962 by Denton A. Cooley, MD–consistently ranked as one of the nation’s best in Cardiovascular Services & Heart Surgery. The first hospital in Texas and the Southwest designated a Magnet® hospital for Nursing Excellence by the American Nurses Credentialing Center, receiving the award four consecutive times. Baylor St. Luke’s is home to three freestanding community emergency centers (Holcombe, Pearland, and San Felipe) offering adult and pediatric care–treating more than 51,000 patients annually. The hospital holds a collaborative partnership with Baylor College of Medicine and affiliations with The University of Texas Medical School at Houston, The University of Texas Medical Branch (Galveston), Houston Baptist University, and Prairie View A&M; University. Position Summary Manages programs and oversee component projects to ensure program budget, schedule, scope and performance requirements are met. Manages and mentoring Project Managers, evaluating project and program performances and providing project and program management delivery best practices. Manages continuous improvement for project management delivery Minimum Qualifications Education and Licensure Required: Bachelor’s Degree; Project Management certification through PMI or other accredited institution Minimum Experience: 1\. 10 years of project management and standards experience including: 2\. Experience with project management applications (e.g., Microsoft Project Pro/Server, Clarity, Primavera) and ERP systems 3\. Experience leading large scale, complex projects and programs 4\. 5 years experience managing other PM staff Position Responsibilities 1\. Collaborates with all levels of project business sponsors (executive to managers) to determine user requirements/project criticality/risk/urgency; assignment and management of projects and project managers. 2\. Works with project management office to coordinate assignment and availability of appropriate resources and tools for projects/programs. 3\. Prepare and execute program plans to align the program outcomes with stakeholder expectations and standards. Ensures appropriate program and project governance is in place, 4\. Develop and effectively manage program budgets and track costs. Assists in the development of annual operating and capital budgets, monitors and analyzes performance and productivity and implements necessary corrective plans. Collaborates with other departments in budget preparation, determining capital priorities, monitoring and analyzing trends. 5\. Maintains a program level schedule and critical path that allows drill down to project level schedules. All interfaces among component projects and those external to the program are identified, tracked, and controlled. 6\. Manage program risks and issues, determining a course of action, considering constraints and objectives enabling continued program progress. 7\. Responsible for the projects within a program and individual projects as required 8\. Capture and report program status and data. Ensure program data accuracy, timeliness and integrity, (e.g. schedule, cost, resources, risks.) 9\. Manage program change in accordance with the change management process to control scope, quality, schedule, cost, benefits, and contracts. 10\. Establish alliances with other departments and organizations by recognizing dependencies in order to assess potential partnership and commitment to the program. 11\. Assembles, advises, evaluates, restructures and coaches project/program teams in a complex environment and those project managers assigned. 12\. Communicates vision and efforts with senior leadership for programs. 13\. Responsible for career development of PM’s. Evaluates employee and department performance against established goals and objectives. Minimum Knowledge/Skills/Abilities 1\. Ability to assemble, advise, evaluate, restructure and coach project/program teams in complex environment. 2\. Change Management and Leadership experience required