A Great Place to Work Last year, we transformed the P2P payments industry with Zelle. 247-million transactions and $75-billion later, consumers love us as much as our amazing team of talented people. Come join the most INNOVATIVE FinTech company in Arizona. Overall Purpose This position is a top technical role within our organization that requires significant energy, technical excellence, proven technical leadership and professional verbal and written communication skills. This role provides application architecture and technical oversight for design, development, and maintenance of applications for new and enhanced products. The Enterprise Software Engineer performs hands on development demonstrating coding and technology best practices using industry recognized software toolsets. This position also provides leadership in the software engineering organization and leadership to software engineers through mentoring and training. Essential Functions Ability to lead and contribute toward the architecture principles, design standards, and coding best practices for the Data Processing Software Engineering department. Ability to envision project goals, product architectural solutions, and focus on details and tasks to ensure successful implementation. Ability to perform hands on development demonstrating highly efficient coding capabilities and industry best practices using multiple software applications. Ability to work independently and handle multiple deadline-driven projects simultaneously and to proactively address potential deadline risks posed by technical challenges on any of the projects. Ability to articulate complex problems through application architecture artifacts and detail design documentation communicating viable architecture and design approaches in a clear and concise manner while ensuring the solution fits within the Enterprise Architecture vision. Ability to construct automated tests using standard testing frameworks and to train and mentor other engineers in the best practices for Test Driven Development techniques. Enhance and mature the Agile software development lifecycle within Software Engineering department by applying industry best practices & processes. Ability to identify inefficiencies in quality, processes and systems, and be able to recommend and implement solutions through a continuous improvement mentality. Knowledge of scientific approach to problem solving, big data technologies, alternative data storage technologies is a plus. May perform other duties as required. Complies with all security policies and procedures, to ensure that the highest level of system and data confidentiality, integrity and availability is maintained. Minimum Qualifications Bachelors Degree in Information Systems or related field or equivalent experience Technical expert with multiple years of experience leading architecture definition, detail designs, testing, and development in multiple languages (certification or extensive documented experience) Professional interpersonal skills along with excellent verbal and written communication skills Expert In Java 6 and above language OOA/OOD/Domain Driven architecture and design Object Oriented and Software Engineering principles SOA specification, design patterns, and good practices J2EE specification, design patterns, and good practices Distributed system design skills Problem solving and diagnostic methods Written and verbal communication skills and documentation practices Agile software development philosophy and methods including Scrum, Test Driven Development and automated software testing (unit, integration and functional) Experienced With Very high volume information services where performance, scalability, availability, quality, security and reliability are key concerns RDBMS’s noSQL solutions like Hadoop or graph/RDF Distributed programming (Spark, MapReduce etc) Linux environment and tools ETL, data quality or MDM tools Alternative programming languages – Scala, Python a plus Big data environments such as Spark, Hadoop/MapReduce, Kafka, Hbase, Solr & Machine Learning a big plus Domain Specific Languages a plus The above job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards of the position. Incumbents will follow instructions and perform other related duties as assigned by their supervisor. Physical Requirements Working conditions consist of a normal office environment. Work is primarily sedentary and requires extensive use of a computer and involves sitting for periods of approximately four hours. Work may require occasional standing, walking, kneeling, and reaching. Must be able to lift 10 pounds occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently. Requires visual acuity and dexterity to view, prepare, and manipulate documents and office equipment including personal computers. Employee must be able to perform essential functions and physical requirements of position with or without reasonable accommodation. _Early Warning is an equal opportunity employer that takes affirmative action to employ, and advance in employment, qualified minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and covered veterans._