Logistics done differently. At XPO Logistics, we know that data drives business. As the Data Analyst, you will have a combination of skills including statistical and analytical aptitude, understanding of machine learning, data mining, and experience in algorithmic program development and coding. Pay, benefits and more. We are eager to attract the best, so we offer competitive compensation and a generous benefits package, including full health insurance (medical, dental and vision), 401(k), life insurance, disability and more. What you’ll do on a typical day: Interpret data and analyze the results using statistical techniques and advanced analytics tools and interpret it in a way that can be easily understood Develop and implement advanced data analysis, data analytics, and solutions that support the business needs Identify, analyze, and interpret trends, patterns, and relationships in complex data sets Work with customers and executive leadership to prioritize business and information needs Define, articulate, and create solutions that help make data interpretation and relationship identification manageable across many different data sources Locate and define continuous improvement opportunities What you need to succeed at XPO: Bachelor degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques Strong knowledge of business intelligence (Tableau, Oracle’s BI, and Power BI), databases, and programming (R, Python) Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings Be part of something big. XPO provides cutting-edge supply chain solutions to the world's most successful companies, including Disney, Pepsi, L'Oréal, Toyota and many others. We’re the fastest-growing transportation company on the Fortune 500 list and we’re just getting started. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, disability, veteran, or other protected status. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.