The Executive Office of Labor and Workforce Development (EOLWD) is responsible for five agencies and departments under the organization. EOLWD and its agencies are committed to developing a world-class, highly skilled labor force to support business growth and innovation in the Commonwealth. RESPONSIBILITIES Strategy & Planning Create short-term tactical solutions to achieve long-term objectives and an overall data management roadmap Assist with assessing and determining governance, stewardship, and frameworks for managing data across the organization Ensure design governance across projects, applications and infrastructure Establish methods and procedures for tracking data quality, completeness, redundancy, and improvement Conduct data capacity planning, life cycle, duration, usage requirements, feasibility studies, and other tasks Develop and deliver long-term strategic goals for data integration standards in conjunction with data users, department managers, clients, and other key stakeholders Ensure that data strategies and architectures are in regulatory compliance Operational Management Develop integration process data flows and data mapping analyses Address data-related problems in regards to systems integration, compatibility, and multiple-platform integration Develop and promote data integration methodologies and standards Act as an advocate of data integration and management, including coaching, training, and career development to staff Develop and implement key components as needed to create testing criteria in order to guarantee the fidelity and performance of data architecture Identify and develop opportunities for data reuse, migration, or retirement of systems Assist with the selection and implementation of the appropriate methodologies, standards, tools, software, applications, and systems to support data technology goals Oversee the mapping of data sources, data movement, interfaces, and analytics, with the goal of ensuring data quality Required Experience Minimum of 4 years Oracle ODI experience 5-8 years overall experience in Data Integration, Data Architecture, Data Modeling, and implementation Minimum of 5 years of full lifecycle data warehousing experience Implementation of ODI interfaces and scenarios for extracting and loading data from a variety of data sources/targets including, Relational Database Management servers (including Oracle RDBMS, flat files (including CSV, Excel, & XML file formats), and web services (SOAP, WS-I Security) Experience with Set up, configuring and administration of ODI according to requirements BI knowledge a requirement 5 year in BI from ETL perspective Design experience of the detailed ETL architecture, including agents, scenarios, packages, data mapping, data extractions, transformations and validations (this ETL design and implementation should include stand-alone and Java EE agents, ODI data services, ODI Console, ODI studio, and other appropriate development tools) Ability to observe steps and ascertain success of step or failure and root cause of step(s) Experience in Master Data Management and Meta Data Management Experience in Dimensional Modeling Salary placement is determind by years of experience and education directly related to the position and the Human Resources Division's recruiting guidelines. In the case of a promotional opportunity, the salary provisions of the applicable bargaining agreement will be utilized for placement within the salary range. Qualifications First consideration will be given to those applicants that apply within the first 14 days. Minimum Entrance Requirements: Applicants must have at least (A) four years of full-time, or equivalent part- time, professional experience in electronic data processing of which (B) at least two years must have been in work in which the major duties included computer systems analysis, or (C) any equivalent combination of the required experience and the substitutions below. SUBSTITUTIONS: I. An Associate's degree with a major in the field of data processing or computer programming may be substituted for a maximum of one year of the required (A) experience. II. A Bachelor's degree with a major in the field of data processing or computer and/or information science may be substituted for a maximum of two years of the required (A) experience. III. A Graduate degree with a major in the field of data processing or computer and/or information science may be substituted for a maximum of two years of the required (A) experience. IV. A diploma for completion of a two year full-time, or equivalent part-time, program in a recognized non-degree granting business or vocational/technical school above the high school level with a major in the field of computer programming may be substituted for a maximum of one year of the required (A) experience. V. An official transcript from a recognized business or vocational/ technical school as evidence of completion of a program consisting of at least 650 hours of instruction in the field of computer programming may be substituted for a maximum of one year of the required (A) experience. VI. Graduation from the data processing course of a recognized vocational/technical high school may be substituted for a maximum of one year of the required (A) experience. Education toward such a degree or diploma will be prorated on the basis of the proportion of the requirements actually completed. NOTE: No substitution will be allowed for more than two years of the required (A) experience. NOTE: No substitution will be allowed for the two years of the required (B) experience. Special Requirements: None.