STATE EMPLOYEES: Current Office of General Services employee with permanent, contingent- permanent, or 55 b/c service as a Business Systems Analyst 1 and interested in reassignment; OR current New York State employee with one year or more permanent, contingent-permanent or 55b/c service as a Business Systems Analyst 1 OR current New York State employee with one year or more of permanent, contingent-permanent or 55b/c service in a position allocated to a Grade 11 or above and eligible for transfer under Section 52.6 or 70.1 or 70.4 of the Civil Service Law. Applicants eligible via 70.1 transfer may also be required to meet the additional qualifications below. A comprehensive list of titles approved for transfer to Business Systems Analyst 1 is available in the Division of Human Resources Management or through Civil Service GOT-IT available at www.cs.ny.gov. Bachelor's degree or higher and two years of business analysis experience where your primary duty was performing three of the five following activities: ? Using business analysis techniques to elicit requirements as the foundation for the solution to the organizations business needs (e.g., workshops, focus groups, interviews, observation, brainstorming, surveys/questionnaires, JAD Sessions). ? Using business analysis techniques for the purpose of identifying solutions aimed at improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the system, business process, or product/service to fulfill the business requirements (e.g., Data Flow Diagram, Business Process Model, Root Cause Analysis, Fish Bone Diagram, Context Diagram, Business Process Flows, or Fit-Gap Analysis). ? Describing in a comprehensive written document what the system, process, or product service must do in order to satisfy the established business requirement; this includes creating, updating, and maintaining documentation through the system development life cycle (e.g., Business Case, Use Case, Business Requirements Document [BRD], Fit-Gap Analysis, Impact and feasibility Analysis, Change Management Analysis). ? Validating requirements throughout the product/system development life cycle (SDLC) including all changes to the processes that would enable an organization to achieve its goals. ? Verifying requirements throughout the product/system development life cycle (SDLC) to ensure they perform to the required specifications and are capable of achieving the design capabilities; this includes developing test plans/scenarios and logical designs, testing the scenarios, reviewing test results, identifying constraints and risks, and/or communicating with stakeholders. NOTE: Employees with current standing on the PATT eligible list will be canvassed and do not need to apply. This announcement is to notify individuals of a transfer opportunity only. GENERAL PUBLIC Individuals with current standing on the Professional Career Opportunity (PCO) eligible list with the score of 100 or above are encouraged to apply. 55B/C ELIGIBLE CANDIDATES ONLY: Candidates who are currently 55b/c eligible and have a Bachelor's degree. If interested in this position and applying as a 55b/c candidate, please provide a copy of your current 55b/c eligibility letter. If this is not provided with your resume, you will not be considered for this position. Duties Description The Business Systems Analyst 1 position will work on the multiple system solutions being utilized within the Finance and Human Resource divisions. Under the guidance of the Business Systems Analyst 2, the incumbent of this position will work closely with program staff and other stakeholders to define and develop requirements for new or existing information technology systems and business processes and apply specialized knowledge, skills, tools and techniques to elicit, analyze, communicate and validate requirements for changes to business systems. They may also be assigned to perform enterprise analysis, business intelligence, workflow guidance, document retention and portfolio and IT Governance activities, promote business analysis organizational maturity; and develop, communicate and maintain methodology and standards to promote a consistent approach to business analysis across the enterprise. This position will reside in the Project Management Team where overview, analysis and deliverables can be managed on a project by project basis for BSC initiatives. The position will also serve as a liaison to ITS staff regarding system requirements and other technical needs. To date, the BSC provides end-to-end transactional HR services to 49 agencies and Finance services to 62 agencies. The BSC strives to ensure that we are fully engaging all systems to their full capacity and avoiding any waste by multiple systems with the same capacity. The BSC needs to ensure that we are performing all transactions on behalf of the state in the leanest and most efficient manner and that when necessary can identify and fully advocate for the necessary system enhancements. This position will be responsible for assisting the Business Systems Analyst 2 in providing expertise on business and technical areas to technical staff, especially as it relates to business process documentation and analysis, business process re-engineering, and issue identification and resolution. The position will also assist in supporting the implementation of project change management activities and the delivery of training and communications, including developing training and agency transition plans and providing support and coaching to users throughout the transition process. Additional Comments Successful completion of the two year traineeship leads to appointment as a Business Systems Analyst 1, SG-18.