If you are a data analysis professional, are self-motivated with strong detail-orientation capabilities and a hunger for data accuracy then we have the position for you as a Revenue Analyst at Best Western Hotels & Resorts. This high-profile role works under the guidance of the Managing Director for Revenue Management. Report to a professional who encourages collaboration and seeks your insight while you interface with other analysts and create credible business intelligence for the Best Western brand. Bring your integrity, proactive sense of curiosity and strong analytics to this vital position. Your relevant experience and critical thinking skills, preferably acquired in the hospitality and/or travel industry, will help you hit the ground running. If you have an insatiable desire to work with data, use numbers that create actionable reporting, and help build a new position in the department, then come drive our continued success and apply today. As a Revenue Analyst working from our Phoenix headquarters, you will join a small but growing part of the department where you will tackle intriguing and challenging projects as you develop your career with an industry leader. You will be key to the development of the position, and the strategic future of the department while having a hand in every key decision being made. Whether you are an early career professional seeking growth, or a skilled analyst, as a member of the Revenue Management team, the key responsibilities, and expected qualifications are as follows: Reporting & Business Intelligence Create, validate, automate, and distribute reports & dashboards, both recurring and ad-hoc Create meaningful and useful insights from enterprise data to guide Best Western's revenue strategy Perform pre/post analysis against changes impacting hotel revenue Transfer files, transform and load data, maintain and update database tables Successful candidates will have the ability to Access, interrogate and analyze a large dataset Interpret and vet report output and construct a compelling business case Communicate findings to all levels throughout the organization Collaborate with and anticipate the needs of internal stakeholders and vendors to achieve goals Qualifications 2 plus years of experience in a business analytics or similar role, preferably in Travel/Hospitality Experience integrating data sources, automating reports and formatting report output for end users using Excel, VBA, and SQL, and business intelligence software; experience with revenue optimization/forecasting software a plus Excellent communication skills Ability to prioritize and manage work against project timelines Flexibility to adapt to quickly changing priorities Join us at Best Western Hotels and Resorts in an exciting role that will challenge your professional expertise while allowing you to have a direct impact on our department, this newly created role, and our bottom line! Best Western Hotels and Resorts headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, is a privately held hotel brand with a global network of 4,100† hotels in more than 100† countries and territories worldwide. Best Western offers 10 hotel brands to suit the needs of developers and guests in every market: Best Western®, Best Western Plus®, Best Western Premier®, Vib®, GLo®, Executive Residency by Best Western®, and BW Premier Collection®; as well as its recently launched franchise offerings: SureStay®, SureStay Plus® and SureStay Collection®. Now celebrating more than 70 years of hospitality, Best Western provides its hoteliers with global operational, sales and marketing support, and award- winning online and mobile booking capabilities. Best Western continues to set industry records regarding awards and accolades, including 64 percent of the brand’s North American hotels earning a TripAdvisor® Certificate of Excellence award in 2017, Business Travel News® ranking Best Western Plus and Best Western in the top three upper-mid-price and mid-priced hotel brands for three years in a row, and Best Western receiving seven consecutive Dynatrace® Best of the Web awards for its leading hotel website. Best Western has also won eight consecutive AAA®/CAA® Lodging Partner of the Year awards, recognizing the brand’s commitment to providing exceptional service and great value to AAA’s 56 million members in the U.S. and Canada. Over 30 million travelers are members of the brand’s award-winning loyalty program Best Western Rewards®, one of the few programs in which members earn points that never expire and can be redeemed at any Best Western hotel worldwide. Best Western’s partnerships with AAA/CAA and Harley-Davidson® provide travelers with exciting ways to interact with the brand. Through its partnership with Google® Street View, Best Western is the first major company of its size and scale to launch a virtual reality experience for customers, setting a new industry standard and reinventing how guests view hotels.