Job Description: We are looking for self-motivated Marketing Operations Associate to help us scale marketing operations. The right candidate must have 3-4 years of experience of successfully executing day to day operations in Eloqua. Candidate must be able to thrive in a fast paced environment. As a Marketing Operations Associate, you will be assisting our rapidly growing Marketing team. You are as excited as we are about intersection of Marketing and Technology and you are looking to expand your understanding of these two fields. This is a critical role at Cloudera where you’d have a ground floor opportunity to implement and administer marketing automation system, lead deployment of email campaigns and maintain integrity of our marketing database. Responsibilities: Complete marketing operations responsibilities including but not limited to: data segmenting/collection, list segmentation, email campaign execution, landing page creation, optimization, testing and deployment. Create HTML emails, landing pages, nurture and drip campaigns, and registration forms from templates while incorporating industry best practices. Collaborate with key stakeholders (demand generation, field marketing, product marketing, email marketing and sales ops) to build, execute and automate email marketing campaigns using Eloqua. Generate and implement test strategies, including A/B multi-variant testing, to drive qualified traffic and revenue-building activities to ensure maximum profitability. Coordinate with web team to ensure analytical tracking and performance. Maintain quality and integrity of marketing’s contact database. Load leads from collected from offline channels. Provide day-to-day system maintenance and configuration of Eloqua system. Segment and leverage the marketing database for efficient and effective campaign targeting. Own pursuit of industry knowledge, best practices and trends as it pertains to marketing automation and campaign management. Continual development of marketing automation education & required participation in online communities to expand learning opportunities. Detail oriented Requirements: Bachelors Degree required or equivalent combination of experience and education (preferred area of study: Marketing, Computer Science, Maths or other similar fields). 3-4 years of hands-on experience as a power user of Eloqua Well-rounded marketing technologist familiar with/passionate about industry best practices (inbound/outbound marketing, demand generation, etc.). Ability to understand workflow processes and systems within a marketing/sales cycle Candidate must thrive in a fast paced, iterative, deadline driven environment- and work with multiple teams including Web, IT, Sales Ops, and Field marketing Solid communication skills: written, verbal, presentation. Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail; ability to manage multiple priorities and tasks simultaneously Highly self-motivated contributor and team player with heavy "bias to action" Personal drive to continually grow and enhance skills and knowledge Familiar with Salesforce.com or other CRM applications. Strong knowledge of HTML and JavaScript, ability to troubleshoot simple HTML errors. Good command of Excel (pivot table, lookups, formulas), and other database management tools. Soft skills: Takes personal ownership Has entrepreneurial spirit Quick learner and gets stuff done Is customer centric and exudes a “can-do”, service-oriented attitude toward internal audiences Is resourceful and takes the initiative to resolve technical problems by a combination of research & consulting with experts.