Cloud Networking Services Sr. Network Engineer- Federal San Diego, CA What you get to do in this role: As a Senior Network Operations Engineer on the Cloud Networking team, you will be responsible for building, managing and operating the global network infrastructure that is the foundation of all our services. Maintaining network stability ensures that our customers stay connected with our suite of applications, products and services. Key to success for this role will be your understanding of the network and using your knowledge and skills in delivering against our goals. The role itself is a combination of deployments, sustainment engineering, and operational (troubleshooting, problem analysis, etc.) tasks and allows for the engineer to be involved in a broad range of network functions. Excellent cross-team collaboration, technical skills, and clear communications are required. This being a US FedRamp role, the following requirements must be met; Candidate must be a US citizen and living on US soil. The candidate will need to be successfully processed and adjudicated for a “Public Trust Position.” The candidate should have experience with implementing DISA Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIGs). Primary roles and responsibilities are as follows; Design and deploy networks based on business and technical requirements. Partner with project and program managers to meet overall timelines and resolution of issues. Operate and troubleshoot networks to identify and resolve issues quickly. Take a lead role in the engagement and mitigation of outage causing events or issues. Validate problem descriptions and perform detailed problem diagnosis; track and update problems in trouble-ticketing system. Perform non-critical investigations into functionality that is not working as desired. Engage deeply in the sustainment function to proactively analyze network parameters such as capacity and availability to ensure issues are fixed before they cause an outage. Review, consult and prepare for planned change introduction to production environment. Participate in rotating “on call” schedule with other members of the team including weekends. Partner with teams to plan and execute software code upgrades and device maintenance. Partner with the Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) team to provide mentorship and input on operational process improvements. Provide feedback to infrastructure architects on design issues or improvements and input into the design process for new initiatives. Sample first 6-month deliverables Quickly integrate into the environment and gain a solid understanding of network architecture, organization, and process/procedures. Deploy capacity into a datacenter based on demand. Participate in incident bridges and serve as the networking engineering resource to troubleshoot and mitigate outages. Take ownership of a minimum of two datacenters perform all sustainment engineering functions. Partner with the SRE team to identify and solve one network process issue. In order to be successful in this role, we need someone who has: The candidate should have a solid foundation in networking including routing, switching, security and load balancing. The following is a list of requirements for this role: A minimum of 7 years of experience in working on Internet and data center networks. Possess a solid understanding of and have experience with most of the following network technologies: BGP, OSPF, IS-IS, HSRP/VRRP, IPSEC, SNMP. Deep, hands-on experience with TCP/IP protocols including capturing and analyzing traffic with Wireshark and/or other tools. Familiarity with Cisco IOS and JunOS operating systems required. F5 knowledge and experience strongly desired. Linux/Unix networking knowledge strongly desired. Knowledge or experience with Cisco ASA is a plus. Scripting experience (shell scripts, Perl, Python, Ansible) is a plus. Experience with network monitoring applications such as EMC Watch4Net, Cacti, Splunk is a plus. Proven ability to analyze and solve network incidents at all layers. Demonstrated ability to troubleshoot and resolve complex issues. Excellent communications skills and the ability to drive owned issues a must. Ability to partner with peers who are globally distributed is a key part of this role.