Location: Los Angeles, California LOCATION: Dodger Stadium - Los Angeles, CA JOB DESCRIPTION The Manager of Business Analytics is a manager position on the E15 analytics team within Levy. As a Manager of Business Analytics, you would become E15’s primary point of contact for Levy's operators and clients in the Los Angeles area, such as the Dodgers, Lakers, Kings, and other professional teams. You would be responsible for delivering analytics and strategic insight to other accounts and overseeing the E15 Business Data Analysts assigned to these regional account(s). This role will focus on conducting data-driven projects, including performance reporting and economic valuations, and serving as project manager for key initiatives, including the strategic deployment of E15’s proprietary analytics products. Some of the core responsibilities of the Manager of Business Analytics are: Managing relationships with key client and Levy stakeholders and understanding their overall strategies and business objectives Managing the work, and engaging in professional development, of E15 Partner Strategy Analyst(s) in the area Developing specific knowledge about venues, including physical configuration, technology and operational processes Identifying opportunities to change existing product offering or distribution Reporting periodically on operational and financial metrics, and creating an economic valuation of E15’s bottom-line impact Communicating key guest insights and potential action items Managing or directly completing ad hoc analytics projects as appropriate Communicating and aligning efforts with Levy operations executives as well as the E15 Director of Partner Strategy (West region) REQUIRED SKILLS Bachelor’s (or higher) degree in business analytics, economics, finance, computer science, statistics, or a related field At least 2-3 years of experience in a client-facing role as well as experience interacting with internal organizational leadership Professional knowledge or experience of the following desired (but not required) SQL Python Statistical software package (R strongly preferred) Data visualization (Tableau strongly preferred) Expertise in Excel modeling and financial business modeling are strongly preferred Experience using data visualization tools or PowerPoint to communicate complex ideas to non-technical audiences Can share examples of working effectively in a team environment Can share examples of how they have used data to solve complex problems Can share examples of how they have used creativity to achieve excellent outcomes ABOUT E15 At E15, we are the spark that ignites. Our team delivers next-generation insights based on data, not hunches, to drive business in MLB, NHL, NBA, NFL, College Sports, and beyond. E15 brings unmatched industry intelligence and cutting edge analytics to sports, entertainment, hospitality, and retail industries to help companies make forward-looking decisions to benefit their business, fans and customers. www.e15group.com ABOUT LEVY Levy is the leader in Sports and Entertainment dining, catering such renowned sports venues at Wrigley Field in Chicago, STAPLES Center and Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles, Ford Field in Detroit and Churchill Downs in Louisville. Levy also caters events including Super Bowls, World Series, NASCAR Racing, the Kentucky Derby, the U.S. Open Tennis Tournament and the Grammy Awards. www.levyrestaurants.com E15 is an equal opportunity employer. At Levy we are committed to treating all Applicants and Team Members fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law. .