Job Description Looking to work hard with balance, where being able to contribute to a team is immensely important . . . but so is life outside of work? Don’t consider yourself an analyst, developer, or coder, but know you are up to a challenge and have proven that in other settings? We’re much less concerned about labels than finding the right fit, long-term. EDI Support communicates with branches around the world, solving dozens of issues on a daily basis via tickets, emails, and phone calls. Every day is a new challenge, whether that is a password reset or determining why our Electronic Data has stopped sending to a global client. We use logic to troubleshoot inconsistencies in our EDI translations, catching the small things and hunting down bugs. No one will tell you our job is easy, but we are serious about having fun and enjoying time with our teammates. It’s fast paced, problem management in a 24/7 environment. Come prepared to learn, laugh with us, and provide the very best in customer service! Interested in a non-traditional schedule? This position will span both core business, and after hours. The shift follows a Sunday-Thursday 2:00 PM to 11:00 PM schedule (note that there is flexibility to move this an hour earlier or later). During the training period, hours will be from 8am to 5pm Monday- Friday. Qualifications This job might be for you if: You have superior organization skill You’re a passionate problem solver You enjoy improving processes You have experience in a fast-paced environment Your attention to detail is outstanding You enjoy complex puzzles You often use an owner’s manual, google, or a you tube video to fix something You rocked Algebra or Chemistry courses You'll be happy working with us if you also: Take pride in your work and desire to do it correctly, every time Have flexibility to reprioritize and handle multiple assignments at any given time while maintaining commitment to deadlines Have experience in Unix, scripting or SQL Enjoy reading or understanding code, but not necessarily writing it Additional Information Expeditors offers excellent benefits Paid Vacation, Holiday, Sick Time Health Plan: Medical, Prescription Drug, Dental and Vision Life and Long Term Disability Insurance 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan Employee Stock Purchase Plan Training and Personnel Development Program Position is full time – 40 hour work week All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.