About the team Survey Data Analyst Do you have a passion for leveraging survey data and insight to unearth interesting and important demographic and economic housing stories? Do you have a healthy respect for data quality and validation while pursuing the most useful findings as possible? Would you love to be part of a multidisciplinary team working to empower consumers and industry professionals with unbiased data and analysis? If so, then Zillow has the job for you. What you’ll do Analyze data from a variety of sources (e.g., Zillow’s survey data, Zillow’s proprietary data, Census data, etc.) to answer research questions and simply but accurately communicate findings to internal and external audiences. Work with teams from across the company (e.g. Economics Research, Public Relations, Consumer Insights, Marketing) to analyze and draft interesting and relevant reports from Zillow’s surveys. Analyze the findings for quality and generalizability to ensure the conclusions from the survey data are both reasonable and accurate. Work together with the survey economist to examine limitations of the data, whether proposed analyses are doable, and potential strengths and weakness of various analytical approaches. About the role Join our industry-leading Economic Research team bringing innovative, creative and excellent analysis to the U.S. housing market and broader economic landscape. Our mission is to leverage Zillow’s unique proprietary data on American housing—often in combination with other public or private data—to answer questions about the housing market and shine a light on the American economy more broadly. We seek to enable a broad audience of media members, policymakers, industry professionals and smart consumers to make the best decisions possible around all things home, and to inform important and engaging conversations. You’ll work in an informal, fun, collaborative environment with a sharp and dynamic team featuring a broad range of data- and economic-focused interests and skills. You’ll have the opportunity to help build Zillow’s reputation in the survey research space, discover interesting real estate patterns and conduct economic research on the state of housing and the economy. Who you are You have an Undergraduate or Master’s degree in economics, statistics or another quantitative field. You have 2+ years of work experience involving survey research, data analysis, or a related field. You have foundational understanding of econometrics, multivariate statistics, and survey design/weighting, with the ability to apply these skills to all types of data. Experience with R, SQL or similar statistical software packages (e. g., Stata, SAS, Matlab, Python) is required. Strong writing and interpersonal communication skills with the ability to communicate complex, analytical information in simple terms. You work well on multidisciplinary teams of all sizes with representatives from a diverse set of technical and non-technical backgrounds. You are analytical, accurate, detail-oriented, punctual, organized, and self- motivated. Get to know us Zillow is the leading real estate and rental marketplace dedicated to empowering consumers with data, inspiration and knowledge around the place they call home, and connecting them with the best local professionals who can help. Zillow is part of Zillow Group, whose mission is to build the largest, most trusted and vibrant home-related marketplace in the world. Zillow Group is owned, fueled and grown by innovators who help people make better, smarter decisions around all things home. We encourage one another at every level, and our efforts are supported by employee-driven, world-class benefits that enable us to enjoy our lives outside the office while building fulfilling careers that impact millions of individuals every day. _Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know._