Altice USA (NYSE: ATUS) is one of the largest broadband communications and video services providers in the United States, delivering broadband, pay television, telephony services, proprietary content and advertising services to approximately 4.9 million Residential and Business customers across 21 states through its Optimum and Suddenlink brands. From high-speed broadband and ultra-HD video, to digital advertising solutions, local news and voice offerings, we are making connections possible around the country - to businesses, to consumers, to communities, to schools, to hospitals, and everyone in between. Performs systems administration and management tasks including: Open Systems installation and configuration, logical and physical systems design, storage management, system backup/restore, performance tuning, troubleshooting and problem analysis. Collaborate with team leads and architects to create implementation designs, reviews implementation designs of other team members and architects. Develop technical action plans and project schedules for deployment. Maintain and improve the performance of enterprise systems in both the transactional and inquiry only environment. Insure compliance with strategic architecture. Install, maintain and troubleshoot open system server environment and processes. Implement and maintain system security attributes for the open systems environment. Perform system management, change control and storage management in the open systems server environment. Implement system backup and recovery processes. Perform server environment monitoring and proactive management to prevent service interruptions. Perform systems installation and configuration of system parameters including log management, memory allocation, cpu resource management, etc. Schedule and perform open systems environment software and hardware upgrades. Establish access permissions for the server environment. Develop and maintain a comprehensive systems software inventory/library for all related support documentation and procedures. Conduct periodic software/environmental audits to validate compliance with established standards, policies, configuration guidelines and procedures. Monitor and administer system performance, including storage, applications and network activity. Design and implement improved methods and tools for troubleshooting, problem research and open systems utilization. Interact with end users (including Corp IT) to troubleshoot reported problems or to perform required system maintenance activities. Develop documentation including operations manuals, procedures and problem resolution. Escalate problems to management and/or vendors in a timely fashion. Develop techniques and implement resolution of problems based on root cause analysis. Participate in special projects and perform other duties as assigned. Will be expected to participate in highly advanced and large-scale project assignments. Participate in appropriate Research & Development activities and implementation strategies for emerging technologies or new technology introduction. Reviews implementation design activities, participates in architecture planning and communication. Provides formal communication to manager regarding status of ongoing activities and new development. Bachelor’s Degree preferred. Minimum 2-5 years experience on multiple hardware platforms, and middle-tier technologies (WebLogic, JBoss, Tomcat). Previous experience in Open Systems environment and Automation (Ansible) is preferred. Minimum 2-5 years as a systems administrator utilizing multiple hardware platforms and operating systems (UNIX/Linux/Windows). Solid knowledge of UNIX/Linux operating environments, networking concepts; able to provide tech assistance, design and implement improved methods and procedures for troubleshooting and researching problems. Solid analytical and decision-making skills. Ability to work flexible working hours. Required to participate in an on-call rotation (includes evenings, weekends and occasional holidays. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Vet and maintain a drug- free and smoke-free workplace.