Warehouse Generalist Work Schedule: 2nd Shift-Monday-Friday, 2:45 p.m.-10:45 p.m. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES: 1.Perform many basic and detailed inventory/warehousing tasks to timely provide for material needs for production and other departments. 2.Perform repetitious and previously performed work without supervisory and technical assistance. Assistance may be needed for other work. 3.Multi-tasking that requires focused concentration is expected to be learned – must be willing to cross train. 4.Utilize basic skills and experience and knowledge of warehousing technology and methodology to perform tasks. 5.Process transactions necessary for work situations that requires very good working PC user know-how. 6.Improvising sometimes is necessary to solve work problems to maintain work schedules. 7.As necessary, supervisor may assign to assist and help others with work. 8.Work from verbal or written instructions, bills of material, requisitions, shipping-receiving documents, bills of laden, miscellaneous transportation documents, routing sheets, etc. ; uses basic math - all in English. 9.Perform minor maintenance and work with others to provide assistance with major maintenance projects when assigned. 10.May utilize and/or operate material moving equipment, carts, fork lifts, etc. and use some warehousing tools and precision devices. 11.When assigned perform duties and tasks outside department and job to the best of individual skill and ability. 12.Work overtime, weekends, and holidays as work schedules require. In peak periods additional overtime is required. 13.Comply with general work rules - responsible for quality of own work, housekeeping of own work area, and to work safely. Physical Requirements: Work requires incumbent to be mobile and in a standing / walking position with ability to lift up to 50 lbs regularly. Uses hands to handle, finger, or feel objects and to perform keyboarding. Also uses hands and arms to reach and grab objects. Sometimes it is necessary to climb, stretch, crouch or kneel. Successful performance requires good vision abilities including close vision. POSITION QUALIFICATIONS: Education & Experience: Generally high school vocational orientated background or related education is preferred, and typically, 3 months to 3 years performing similar warehousing duties or equivalent combination of education/experience is needed to successfully perform. Time classified in the specific job classifications does not automatically qualify an individual. In addition to the time guidelines, an individual must meet all other job requirements and a company approved job opening must exist. The incumbent needs some exposure to fast pace warehousing and production. Functional Area Skills/Knowledge: Requires very good working knowledge and experience with PC’s – keyboarding, data entry, and information lookup is necessary. Must quickly learn (within 2 weeks) to utilize the appropriate modules of the computerized business system and to update most required work data information. Requires ability to stay under control while working with continually changing multi task work assignments in a deadline work environment. Must have basic warehousing skills. This description is not intended to be a complete statement of all duties and responsibilities that are required of this position. It contains representative duties and necessary information to define the job classification within the job structure. Output Solutions at Fiserv delivers business-critical communications to financial institutions, health and property/casualty insurance providers, billers, retailers, travel and entertainment companies and advertising agencies nationwide. With solutions including transactional document production and delivery, card manufacturing and personalization and direct marketing services, we help our clients streamline operations to contain costs, while building customer loyalty and generating incremental revenue.