Are you passionate about the future of artificial intelligence? We're looking for talented researchers interested in applying their skills toward meaningful, challenging research in machine intelligence toward our mission of AI for the common good (not toward generating ad dollars!). The Aristo team at AI2 is working on an exciting, multidisciplinary project to develop a system that can gain a deep understanding of the facts, processes, and connections in science and successfully demonstrate that understanding through sophisticated question answering and explanation. This ambitious undertaking will require new advances in machine reading, natural language understanding, common-sense knowledge acquisition, machine inference, and more. We're looking for motivated people ready to take on a complex challenge that has the potential for huge impact in the future of AI. At AI2, you will be working with world-class AI researchers and talented software engineers. We perform team-based, ambitious research, with a mandate to strive for big breakthroughs, not just incremental progress, in an exciting and interactive workplace. We have a beautiful office right on Lake Union in Seattle; catered lunches three times a week; great pay and benefits; smart, friendly and helpful co- workers; and even a couple of kayaks you can take out on sunny days. What We're Looking For We are looking for energetic, inspired individuals with skills in one or more of the following areas: Natural language processing Machine reading Deep learning Knowledge representation and reasoning Commonsense reasoning Question answering and explanation We are particularly interested in researchers who can help take question- answering to the next level, from fact retrieval to modeling and reasoning. Why AI2 In addition to AI2s core mission, we also aim to contribute to humanity through our treatment of each member of the AI2 Team. Some highlights are: We are a learning organization because everything AI2 does is ground-breaking, we are learning every day. Similarly, through weekly AI2 Academy lectures, a wide variety of world-class AI experts as guest speakers, and our commitment to your personal on-going education, AI2 is place where you will have opportunities to continue learning alongside your coworkers. We value diversity - We seek to hire, support, and promote people from all genders, ethnicities, and all levels of experience regardless of age. We particularly encourage applications from women, non-binary individuals, people of color, members of the LGBTQA+ community, and people with disabilities of any kind. We value inclusion - We understand the value that people's individual experiences and perspectives can bring to an organization, and we are building a culture in which all voices are heard, respected and considered. We emphasize a healthy work/life balance we believe our team members are happiest and most productive when their work/life balance is optimized. While we value powerful research results which drive our mission forward, we also value dinner with family, weekend time, and vacation time. We offer generous paid vacation and sick leave as well as family leave. We are collaborative and transparent we consider ourselves a team, all moving with a common purpose. We are quick to cheer our successes, and even quicker to share and jointly problem solve our failures. We are in Seattle and our office is on the water! We have mountains, we have lakes, we have four seasons, we bike to work, we have a vibrant theater scene, and we have so much else. We even have kayaks for you to paddle right outside our front door. We welcome interest from applicants from outside of the United States. We are friendly chances are you will like every one of the 70+ (and growing) people who work here. We do. AI2 is proud to be an Equal Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at hr@allenai.org or you may call us at 206-548-5600.