Looking to start your career with a rapidly growing global organization? Do you consider yourself a self-motivated, organized, analytical, and a top-notch team member? Then this position is for you! The Team You’ll Impact The Operations Analyst will serve as the go-to client resource for our Compliance Services clients. This includes identifying, prioritizing, and resolving client issues as well as coordinating the appropriate internal departments to provide timely responses and solutions to clients. The Work You’ll Do The successful candidate will be self-motivated with strong client service and organization skills as well as a high level of accuracy. This candidate will also possess strong communication skills (written, oral, and presentation) due to the level of contact with various internal and external resources. Tax reporting experience is not necessary, but is always a plus! Perform all required tasks within our application on behalf of clients; this includes mapping and importing data, creating print files, and creating transmittal files Adhere to all client deadlines in order to meet all regulatory deadlines and requirements Import and reconcile data based on client requirements Ensure all client-specific requirements are well documented Provide training to our clients as needed to navigate our software solution Perform timely and accurate submission of remittances to federal and state agencies Identify process improvements and offer suggestions to build internal efficiencies and reduce risk What We Need From You Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent related work experience Basic computer software knowledge; strong Microsoft Excel skills Strong customer service skills with an emphasis on listening and documenting client needs Effective communication skills (verbal and written) to both technical and non-technical audiences Detail oriented and ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment How You'll Grow Growth is serious business at Sovos! In the past 12 months, nearly one-third of our employees experience career growth in the form of promotions, career changes, and lateral moves Merit-based compensation philosophy and a corporate bonus program There are clear paths of growth within our roles What We Can Offer! The opportunity to grow as a professional - _and_ as a person - through various company-provided development opportunities, including: SovosYOU CLOUD Rotation Program The IDEA Mentor Program LEADS and IMPACT Tuition Reimbursement Progressive Wellness Program Other noteworthy benefits include: 401K Flexible Time Off ThrivePass Visit our careers page to learn more! The challenge of working in an emerging market and solving complex problems for our clients is a large one. Businesses are struggling to keep up with the pace, volume, and complexity of regulatory requirements. In fact, 45% of CFOs say compliance is their “biggest growth challenge.” That is why over half of the Fortune 500 counts on Sovos to solve their complex business-to-government compliance challenges. Our employees work on meaningful and engaging projects that make a tangible impact on our clients’ success. Does this sound like a fit? Apply now! Sovos is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled