This position does not offer clinical supervision for interns. Crossroads provides a long term supervised home environment. The integrated day rehabilitation program assists individuals in increasing independent living skills. Residents receive assistance with medication compliance, meals and activities of daily living. Provide mental health rehabilitation and case management services for a varying caseload, coupled with involvement of their families, which assist and support clients in all areas of daily living and facilitate integration into the community. 1\. Duties may include any or all of the following: Facilitate one-on-one and groups through rehabilitation counseling processes; take notes; schedule clients for psychiatric consultations. Provide medical follow-up assistance to clients in obtaining a primary care physician, coordinating care with medical doctors, and assisting with medical issues, schedules, and transportation. Provide support to facilitate issues with existing client insurance benefits to expedite treatment, to enable them to return to work, and for payment to the Agency. Provide service to clients and clients’ families in linkage with professional and community resources. Interface directly with clients and provide counseling, particularly during times of conflict and crisis intervention. Participate in management of team/program discretionary resources available to meet client needs. 2\. Complete the clinical records and other documentation, processes, and procedures that enable clients to receive these services in accordance with agency, payor and regulatory requirements, utilizing paper or computer technology. Develop and/or implement individual service and treatment plans. Perform administrative paperwork and procedures. Enter and maintain up-to-date clinical documentation for each client. Oversee the documentation and issuance of medications to clients. Audit and review documents and complete monthly medical record reviews. Collect reports/data; send out the daily census report to Central Intake; run Adult function reports. Perform general office work, electronic/telephonic communications, and timecard processing. 3\. Provide transportation in personal or agency vehicles, including, but not limited to, the transport of clients and or program supplies, for agency business. 4\. Provide on-call floor coverage, which may include providing cooking and house coverage, and participating in after-hours rotation and shift exchange debriefings. 5\. Perform First Aid in emergency situations. QUALIFICATIONS 1\. High School diploma, GED, or equivalent education plus five years’ experience; OR Associate’s degree plus three years’ experience; OR Bachelor’s degree plus two years’ experience; OR Master’s degree in a related field plus one year’s experience, working in a human service setting. (Appropriate volunteer and internship experience and personal experience in the mental health system will be considered.) 2\. In some cases, a Bachelor’s degree, MHRS qualifications, and/or a greater number of years of experience will be required. These will be noted on all postings. 3\. First Aid Certification or successful completion of First Aid Certification within 30 days of hire. 4\. Meet government and/or regulatory standards for continuing education credits and recertification, including a minimum of 20 hours of directly related professional training, if assigned to a residential facility. 5\. Demonstrated ability to: Work independently and in a small team environment; Engage and communicate effectively with others in both verbal and written English; Monitor and support developmental growth and the recovery process; Manage multiple tasks and demands; Employ tact and diplomacy, exercise good judgment, and act calmly in emergency situations; Work from a strengths-based, harm-reduction, social rehabilitation model; Work effectively with persons of different value systems, ethnicity, cultural backgrounds, language capabilities and disabilities; Work collaboratively with individuals identified as those with serious mental illness who meet the following criteria: histories of hospitalization, institutionalization, including with the criminal justice system, substance abuse, low engagement in medication treatment, and difficulty in participating in structured activities and living independently; Work with populations identified as high risk and/or considered under- represented in the County Mental Health system with multiple barriers; Exhibit exemplary customer service, compassion, and care in the execution of all duties and interactions. 6\. Demonstrated ability to work with participants who: May also have histories of assaultive behavior; May have resided in long term care facilities for extended periods; May have patterns of service that relied almost exclusively on emergency and institutional care; May have cognitive difficulties and medical co-morbidities and are considered medically fragile; may also be developmentally disabled; May have long-term patterns of homelessness and criminal justice involvement. 7\. Knowledge of: Clinical techniques for assessment, treatment, and rehabilitation of people with mental illness; problem resolution and conflict resolution techniques; Community resources, including those required to meet the non-mental health needs of the target population. 8\. Special Requirements: Must be able to meet and receive a criminal records clearance, as required by Title XXII, other licensing regulations, and Momentum practices. 9\. Proven proficiency in typing—minimum 40 net wpm; computer literacy, including Internet search and a basic proficiency level in Microsoft Office applications and Windows-based databases. 10\. A valid California Driver License, with access to a reliable vehicle or for driving a company vehicle, current proof of auto liability insurance, and a clean DMV record, with eligibility for a Class B license. Able to successfully pass a drug screening. Hourly rate $24.33 1\. High School diploma, GED, or equivalent education plus five years’ experience; OR Associate’s degree plus three years’ experience; OR Bachelor’s degree plus two years’ experience; OR Master’s degree in a related field plus one year experience, working in a mental health setting 2\. In some cases, a Bachelor’s degree, MHRS qualifications, and/or a greater number of years of experience will be required. These will be noted on all 3\. First Aid Certification or successful completion of First Aid Certification within 30 days of hire. 4\. Certification in writing 5150 holds or obtain certification within six months of hire. 5\. Meet government and/or regulatory standards for continuing education credits and recertification, including a minimum of 20 hours of directly related professional training, if assigned to a residential facility. 6\. Demonstrated ability to: a. Work independently and in a small team environment; b. Engage and communicate effectively with others in both verbal and written English; c. Monitor and support developmental growth and the recovery process; d. Manage multiple tasks and demands; e. Employ tact and diplomacy, exercise good judgment, and act calmly in emergency situations; f. Work from a strengths-based, harm-reduction, social rehabilitation model; g. Work effectively with persons of different value systems, ethnicity, cultural backgrounds, language capabilities and disabilities; h. Work collaboratively with individuals identified as those with serious mental illness who meet the following criteria: histories of hospitalization, institutionalization, including with the criminal justice system, substance abuse, low engagement in medication treatment, and difficulty in participating in structured activities and living independently; i. Work with populations identified as high risk and/or considered under- represented in the County Mental Health system with multiple barriers; j. Exhibit exemplary customer service, compassion, and care in the execution of all duties and interactions. 7\. Demonstrated ability to work with participants who: a. May also have histories of assaultive behavior; b. May have resided in long term care facilities for extended periods; c. May have patterns of service that relied almost exclusively on emergency and institutional care; d. May have cognitive difficulties and medical co-morbidities and are considered medically fragile; may also be developmentally disabled; e. May have long-term patterns of homelessness and criminal justice involvement. 8\. Knowledge of: a. Clinical techniques for assessment, treatment, and rehabilitation of people with mental illness; problem resolution and conflict resolution techniques; b. Community resources, including those required to meet the non-mental health needs of the target population; Special Requirements: 9\. Must be able to meet and receive a criminal records clearance, as required by Title XXII, other licensing regulations, and Momentum practices. 10\. Proven proficiency in typing—minimum 40 net wpm; computer literacy, including Internet search and a basic proficiency level in Microsoft Office applications and Windows-based databases; 11\. A valid California Driver License, with access to a reliable vehicle or for driving a company vehicle, current proof of auto liability insurance, and a clean DMV record. Must successfully pass a drug screening. Bilingual candidates are encouraged to apply. Compensation is $21.40/hr