A: Purpose and Scope The Security Analyst is responsible for supporting corporate Information security strategies with a focus on analyzing audit findings and ensure proper remediation, while maintaining security policies and procedures. This position will require a diverse set of technical and security skills, provide technical documentation of findings with effective remediation strategies, the ability to adapt and learn unfamiliar technologies with the discipline to follow processes in a regulated environment. The candidate will also safeguard the integrity of information assets and network connections while providing production support for security infrastructure. Candidate must have a well- rounded understanding and experience with a wide range of security products, operating systems and all aspects of networking in order to maintain the security posture of the information systems throughout the system’s life cycle. B. Responsibilities Provide security services to the business, reviews new technologies, performs security review and risk assessment, SOX audit and review, cloud vendor risk reviews, maintain security policies and procedures, maintain familiarity with security best practice frameworks (e.g., NIST, CIS) and governance requirements, and assess and communicate infrastructure security risk. Perform risk analysis on audit findings and communicate risk assessment results (including remediation recommendations) to management for making risk management decisions. Create and maintain project management strategies to maintain a continuous improvement of the corporate security posture. Keep abreast of new threats and hacking techniques and ensure ability to remediate them. Evaluate advanced security technologies and provides recommendations regarding standardization and policies. Coordinates with manager and supervisor activities of employees engaged in supporting the organization’s applications and data as it relates to security. Liaison between Information Technology and both internal/external auditing to track controls, coordinate audit requests and responses.