Job Information Job Summary: The Index Analyst's primary responsibility is the daily maintenance of CRSP real-time indexes with a focus on accuracy and timely release of information. Related duties will include processing of related information being collected for research databases.Analyzing corporate actions and client communication regarding consequent index maintenance is a large part of this responsibility.Additional responsibilities may include testing new data feeds, software, and/or procedures. Hours of operation are approximately 7:00 AM – 7:00 PM. Candidate must be able to start either early morning (7:00 AM – 3:30 PM) or late morning (10:30 AM – 7:00 PM). Some flexibility may be required. $500 employee referral bonus offered for this position Responsibilities: Maintain and manage stock universe information and analyze the impact to the CRSP Indices. Verify and edit exchange listings and de-listings, stock identifiers, prices, dividends, and shares outstanding including free-float adjustments. Process corporate actions and analyze the impact to the CRSP Indices. Identify appropriate changes to/impact on a given index based on index rules, and be able to communicate such to clients in both written and verbal form. Maintain communications database that is utilized to support client communications/information retrieval, and prepare emails to communicate details of relevant and unusual pending issues. Apply corporate actions to a given index on effective date and ensure that all vendor data conflicts are addressed. Execute jobs in the correct sequence and in a timely manner to meet or exceed all applicable performance and quality standards. Support the Director, Assistant Director and the CRSP Client Services Team by answering complex client queries. Meet client needs with day-to-day contact with clients and when representatives may visit the CRSP operation. Participate in projects as required, in efforts to improve and expand CRSP index offerings and data quality and enhance internal procedures. Collaborate and coordinate with all CRSP staff in a team-oriented environment.Maintain effective working relationships with all members of CRSP through cooperation, coordination, and mutual respect. Additional Requirements Education, Experience or Certifications: Education: Bachelor's degree with at least three years of relevant experience OR an MBA or Master's in finance, economics or equivalent required. Major/specialization in finance, economics, or equivalent strongly preferred. Experience: Experience in the securities or financial industry preferred. Excellent understanding/knowledge of corporate actions required (spin-offs, mergers, acquisitions, rights issues, etc.). Experience working within strict deadlines and managing workloads effectively is required. Technical Knowledge or Skills: Advanced experience with Microsoft Office environment required. Working knowledge of U.S. and global financial markets incorporating indices required. Highly developed analytical and research skills required. Working knowledge of financial data and real-time news sources preferred. Experience with relational databases preferred. Knowledge of indices preferred. Excellent written and verbal communication skills required. Ability to pay meticulous attention to detail required. Ability to work effectively in a team environment required. Required Documents: Resume Cover letter NOTE: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application. Benefit Eligibility Yes Pay Frequency Monthly Pay Range Depends on Qualifications Scheduled Weekly Hours 37.5 Union Non-Union Job is Exempt? Yes Drug Test Required? No Does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job? No Health Screen Required? No Posting Date 2018-07-18-07:00 Remove from Posting On or Before 2019-01-18-08:00