We are looking for Learning Producer to work with our clients to deliver a successful program that is heavily tailored to the client needs. This person will work directly with clients and the client services team. The Learning Producer will need to work across a varied group of teams to execute on the deliverable, including production, client services, product and sales. Key Responsibilities: The Learning Solution Producer is responsible for creating and delivering a successfulprogram based on the client needs. This includes maintaining the project plans, working with production and client services teams, communicating to end client, and contributing to strategic planning. Key Responsibilities include : Responsible for managing a program of work from point of sale, requirements gathering, scoping, development, and implementation. Making sure to deliver on the client deliverables and maintaining first class customer relationships. Liaising with the Program Manager and Production Team (including managers, developers, graphic designers and instructional designers). Meeting the stated time, cost and quality of delivery criteria, ensuring our client's requirements are met and exceeded. Running status and update meetings with internal teams as well as clients facing teams as necessary, identifying, documenting and managing to completion project risks, issues and actions. Preparing project plans and liaising with internal stakeholders and partners to meet the agreed deadlines. Driving projects through to successful completion and being accountable to clients. Working with the client services team to maintaining regular contact (email, telephone and face-to-face communication) with clients to ensure programmes and projects run smoothly. Potentially managing a Project Manager (depending on the complexity and size of a program). Cost control, including management of change control process, to ensure that the agreed programme and project budgets are adhered to. Experience Required: Previous and successful project management experience in a customer facing role is required. Strong time management skills, communication skills, and a proficiency in Microsoft Office (especially Excel) are required. Experience working within a matrix team environment is preferred. Extremely detailed orientated Proven success in managing multiple projects and competition priorities Most Critical Technical Competencies Microsoft Project experience preferred Ability to work with on-line authoring tools, web portals Knowledge of Learning Management Systems and/or the Compliance, Ethics & Governance industry is a plus. CCEP certification is a plus Self-driven and ability to lead Here is a little about us: With more than 25 years’ experience, SAI Global is a privately held company with operations throughout the world, including North America, Asia-Pacific, and EMEA. In 2016 SAI Global leadership unanimously supported a $1 billion takeover bid from private equity firm Baring Private Equity Asia. Today, SAI Global and Baring Private Equity remain committed to extending their global reach and developing their position as a market leader in the development and delivery of B2B governance, compliance and risk management solutions. SAI Global Compliance provides a full range of governance, risk and compliance (GRC) software applications, learning and awareness solutions and advisory consulting services. With over 28 offices worldwide, the Company combines deep expertise with practical technology solutions to help thousands of organizations reduce risk, enhance compliance, streamline governance and make better decisions. At SAI Global, we help organizations proactively manage risk to achieve business excellence, growth, sustainability and ultimately, create trust. Our integrated risk management solutions are a combination of world-class tech platforms, learning tools, and advisory services that operate across the entire lifecycle allowing businesses to focus on opportunities presented by uncertainty. Together, these tools and content services enable customers to develop a holistic, integrated view of risk. SAI Global head office is located in Chicago. We employ more than 2,000 people across 29 countries and 51 locations across Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Americas, Asia and the Pacific.