This role will require 50% travel and you must be 50 miles from an international airport in the US. Learrning is a critical lever to accelerate Microsoft’s growth as a digital transformation leader, and to enable our customers, partners and our people to develop, achieve success, and thrive. We believe easily accessible learning is an essential part of a diverse and inclusive culture, and the core ingredient to helping people become their best personal and professional selves. This lies at the core of a growth and learner-obsessed culture and mindset. With all of Microsoft’s Learning and Readiness consolidated under one worldwide organization called WW Learning , our mission is to build an enthusiastic learning culture based on industry-leading innovation and aligned for measurable business impact. What this translates into is a Sales and Technical field armed with the most up-to-date product, solution and architectural information and data as well as tools and best practices to enable them to do drive deeper Microsoft-centric relationships and impact with our customer and partner ecosystem. Within WW Learning, the Global Field & Partner Learning team develops and leads cross-segment, role-based learning programs focused on increasing technical, industry, and professional capabilities, to measurably accelerate field and partner performance. Our team delivers learning programs to over 60,000 professionals across our field organization, and to over 1 million learners across our partner ecosystem. The Technical Learning Development Specialist (TLDS) is a Cloud-focused and deeply technical role that both creates and delivers an immersive and hands-on learning experience to our field, partners and customers. The TLDS role is a hybrid role, part Technical Trainer and part Cloud Architect, and is expected to be well versed and very hands-on in Cloud technologies, workloads and scenarios and be able to act as the learning catalyst for our core audiences—i.e. field roles, partner and customer. Their core mission is to develop innovative and amazing learning experiences that are hands-on, practical in nature, and scenario-based in real-world customer solutions. Responsibilities The day-to-day responsibilities for this role would be as follows: Leveraging the Intelligent Cloud (IC) Boot Camps as a source of technical content and resources, which this role will augment and extend against the core Azure Hero Solutions. Collaborating across Microsoft (e.g. with BG, STU, CSE, etc.) to ensure we land and scale technical, hands-on learning experiences to the Microsoft field and partners. Working with the Technical Learning Specialists/Field Enablement roles (within WWL) to extend curated content, for example, integrating reference architecture patterns into re-deliverable Boot Camps, that can be leveraged for more immersive, hands-on architecture and coding experiences, and building team-centric white-boarding exercises from real-world customer scenarios. Working with Instructional Designers, who will help design a deeply immersive learning and hands-on environment—ensuring any real-world feedback is incorporated back into the learning experiences. Delivering the aforementioned content at a variety of worldwide technical events—such as regional Boot Camps, Cloud Workshops, partner training workshops, and so on. Working with the Field Enablement team, who are the regional CLOs and emissaries of WWL, to ensure we’re aligned to regional learning and development strategies across field, partner and customer. Create rich libraries of open-source content/resources (e.g. scenario-based code artifacts and reference architecture patterns) that can be shared with our core audiences and workshop participants. Qualifications Key skills for the role are as follows: Understanding of Agile software development methodology and practice. Experience as a Technical or Cloud Evangelist, Solution Architect or Azure Trainer—skilled at assembling an end-to-end learning experience that runs from requirements understanding to architectural patterns to implementation. Deep Cloud Expert (e.g. Solution Architect with Azure experience). Technical understanding in Data/AI, Apps and/or Infrastructure and core customer needs within these domains. Hands-on proficiency with various systems, platforms and frameworks—e.g., MSFT, OSS, Docker, etc. Deep understanding of the Customer Cloud journey (and the challenges that customers of all sizes face within that journey). Ability to travel worldwide. This specific role will focus on technical aspects within _Apps & Infra and/or Data & AI_ Solution Area—e.g. Cloud-based apps, infrastructure migration, data platform, artificial intelligence and data science, etc. This role will also demonstrate exceptional organizational and communication skills and can work under compressed deadlines in a fast-paced dynamic environment that demands flexibility, high quality, and creativity. The team will partner with a wide range of stakeholders and teams to develop and deliver best-in-class content and learning experiences. Cross-group Collaboration and influencing without authority is critical to ensure the greatest potential impact against our business objectives. The team’s culture is one that respects enjoying your job, having a good work- life balance, and we deeply believe in diversity and inclusion and driving our own growth—both at the individual and team level. Preferred Qualifications: Background in a high-energy, agile environment (software development, architecture and/or consulting environments preferred). Master’s, MBA or related field preferred with 7 years relevant experience. At least 5 years of working experience in technical training, consulting (around Cloud technologies) and/or evangelism. In-depth Knowledge of appropriate technologies. Demonstrated expertise collaborating across multiple stakeholder groups to deliver global solutions. Ability to Influence without or beyond the scope of authority. Able to create results in a fast paced environment while having a strong attention to detail while addressing the needs of competing priorities and deadlines. Strong communication skills, both written and oral Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.