Oversees and monitors highly complex contract duties in direct support of major IT contracts; includes developing, analyzing, evaluating, reviewing, processing, ensuring applicable compliance, inspecting, implementing and/or monitoring contracts. Work requires extensive contact with governmental officials and private entities. Reports directly to Finance and Sourcing Branch Manager. Employees at this level are virtually self-supervising and assume direct accountability for the work product. Duties The essential duties for this job include: Administers complex contract programs to include reviewing proposals/work orders, issuing work orders, monitoring dollars allocated and spent under contracts. Coordinates analysis, oversees interpretation of legislation, statutes, federal regulations and coordinates the development of policies and procedures to ensure compliance with Department and governmental regulations. Develops, writes, revises and/or prepares complex contracts/amendments, subcontracts, procurement documents, change orders, work orders, agreements, time extensions, acceptance testing and consultant qualifications. Makes presentations at local, state and federal levels. Monitors contract performance by examining billings, fiscal data, and eligibility determinations for compliance with terms of contract and policies; recommends cancellation of contracts when deviations occur. Oversees development, writing, revision and/or preparation of highly complex contracts, amendments, subcontracts, procedures, forms, related documents and provisions, financial/statistical graphs and reports. Oversees the administration of complex agreements and contracts. Oversees the audit of payment invoices for completeness, accuracy and compliance with terms of contract and governmental contracting rules, regulations and procedures. Provides advanced technical and administrative support to include reviewing, processing, answers questions, provides assistance and handles complaints and resolution of discrepancies and problems regarding contracts, billing, payment and warrants. Reviews, interprets and clarifies statutes, regulations, standard policies and procedures to ensure compliance with Department and governmental regulations. Competencies The required competencies for this job include: Contract development and oversight Contract negotiation, development and management methods Exercises logic and reasoning to define problems, establish facts and draw valid conclusions; makes decisions that support business objectives and goals Researching, analyzing and interpreting policies and state and federal laws and regulations Public relations for maintaining effective working relationships with individuals and groups Leading, assigning, reviewing and monitoring the work of others Analyzing complex business, technical and managerial problems and developing, recommending and implementing effective solutions The responsibilities associated with administrative practices and procedures to include writing, editing and report writing techniques, recording meeting notes, record keeping and records management Monitoring contracts and procedures Preparing legal documents including opinions, case law summaries and legislative impact statements Education This job requires the following: Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration or related fields Work Experience This job requires the following: 7 years in Contract administration and development (Experience can be satisfied by fulltime or prorated part-time equivalent) No supervisory experience required. Relevant experience may be substituted for education on a year per year basis. Licenses and Certifications The following Licenses and/or Certifications are required for this job: Cert TX Contract Mgr (CTCM) Must have or obtain the above listed licenses or certifications within twelve (12) months of date of hire.