The Biostatistics Unit at Kaiser Permanente Washington Health Research Institute (KPWHRI) is seeking a doctoral-level faculty researcher in biostatistics to lead independent methodological research and to collaborate with multidisciplinary research teams on observational studies and pragmatic clinical trials in a setting with access to rich electronic healthcare data. Areas of potential collaboration include aging, behavioral medicine, cancer prevention, health informatics, immunizations, mental health, and pharmacoepidemiology. KPWHRI (formerly Group Health Research Institute) is an internationally recognized research organization that conducts practical epidemiologic, health services, behavioral, and clinical research to improve health and health care. The Institute’s research is primarily funded through federal grants and contracts that total more than $45 million annually. KPWHRI’s position within Kaiser Permanente Washington (www.kp.org/wa), a not- for-profit health care delivery system in the Pacific Northwest, provides a natural laboratory to leverage healthcare data to study important health issues through clinical trials and observational studies. KPWHRI has over 200 employees, including a faculty of over 35 doctorate-level scientists trained in medicine, epidemiology, behavioral science, and biostatistics. The Biostatistics Unit is comprised of 6 PhD biostatistician investigators, 7 MS biostatisticians, and 3 University of Washington (UW) biostatistics graduate students with collective expertise in Bayesian methods, causal inference, correlated data, large scale prediction modeling, missing data, sequential testing, spatial statistics, and survival analysis. KPWHRI is an active member of a vibrant regional research community that includes the UW, the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, and Seattle Veterans’ Affairs Medical Center. Investigator biostatisticians at KPWHRI typically have affiliate appointments at the UW Department of Biostatistics. Appointment is open rank (Assistant, Associate, or Senior level). Preference will be given to those with a demonstrated ability or strong potential to collaborate on multidisciplinary research teams and successfully lead their own research program. Applicants must have a doctoral degree (PhD or equivalent) in Biostatistics or Statistics, excellent oral and written communication skills, and a strong interest in interdisciplinary collaboration. To _apply_ , please submit a letter of interest, CV, and research statement to Annie Shaffer (shaffer.ax@ghc.org). Questions about the position can be directed to the Director of Biostatistics, Jennifer Nelson, PhD (nelson.jl@ghc.org). Review of applications will _begin_ immediately. Salary and title commensurate with training and experience.