The Challenge Cloud Operations Architecture is part of Adobe’s Cloud Technology organization. Cloud Ops’ mission is to build, deploy, scale and maintain company-wide platforms for customer-facing SaaS solutions. While various development groups focus on building our platforms, Cloud Ops provides operational and engineering support for both the platform as well as the product teams that leverage the platforms. The Operations Architecture team provides tooling, guidance, and consulting to product teams, helping to ensure that Adobe services follow best cloud architecture best practices. Architects in Cloud Ops have a broad array of responsibilities and have the skills, experience and knowledge to provide technical leadership to other groups. The position is not ivory-tower architecture: the successful candidate will have a close relationship with Adobe’s product teams and be able to jump in and provide practical guidance, grounded in real-world experience, as necessary. The Operations Architecture team is focusing on improving the efficiency of Adobe’s public cloud use (primarily AWS and Azure), so experience and skills related to this effort (for example, using EC2 Spot) are particularly valuable. Responsibilities Capture and share cloud architecture best practices between product teams and other technical leaders Evaluate and implement to POC level 3rd party solutions related to company-wide cloud governance. Evaluate new vendor-specific cloud services & determine applicability at Adobe Act as a technical liaison between cloud providers, 3rd party solution providers and Adobe product teams Identify requirements and, when necessary, lead engineering efforts for in-house cloud tooling Job requirements 3+ years' design/implementation/consulting experience with distributed applications 3+ years' experience in infrastructure architecture, database architecture and networking Working knowledge of software development tools and methodologies Technical degree required; Computer Science or Math background highly desired Experience working within software development or Internet-related industries High level of comfort communicating effectively across internal and external organizations Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort speaking with executives, engineering management, and developers. Strong written communication skills Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age , sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.