Microsoft Research AI (MSR AI) seeks exceptional researchers in the areas of machine learning, artificial intelligence, probabilistic models, deep learning, reinforcement learning, and related fields. MSR AI is comprised of researchers and engineers who take a broad perspective on the next-generation of intelligent systems, including theory, applications and policy. We seek applicants from all areas machine learning and artificial intelligence who have a passion and demonstrated ability for independent research, technical leadership, and management experience. MSR AI provides a vibrant environment for cutting-edge, multidisciplinary research, both theoretical and applied, including access to diverse data sources, an open publication policy, and close links to top academic institutions around the world as well as internal partners throughout Microsoft. Examples of current projects and directions in machine learning include: Foundations of learning, algorithms and machine teaching Reinforcement learning with applications to dialog systems, games, and operational control Natural language understand and generation Neural program synthesis and applications of machine learning to software engineering Multi-modal intelligence, integrating vision and language capabilities Neuro-symbolic systems and reasoning For additional projects and publications visit the MSR AI website. Your application should include: CV Names of three references Two to three conference or journal articles or equivalent writing samples that best demonstrate your technical expertise. A research statement (~2-4 pages) that outlines your research achievements and future agenda, technical leadership and management experience, and your service and outreach activities (e.g., mentoring or diversity). Responsibilities As a researcher in MSR AI, you will conduct research that advances the state- of-the art in machine learning. As a technical leader, you will help shape new directions in the organization and provide mentorship to others. You will also work closely with internal partners to transfer technologies to new intelligent software and services. Qualifications Successful candidates will have a PhD machine learning (or closely related fields) and a well-established research portfolio as demonstrated by publications and/or open source software. Scientific leadership and technical management experience is desirable. You are encouraged to define your own research agenda, while collaborating with other members of the lab. You will also have the opportunity to work closely with internal partners to see your ideas realized in products and services that are used by millions of people worldwide. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.