The Executive Assistant provides support to a direct report of senior leadership. The individual will provide administrative and operational services to support the department Chair, Vice Chair for Education, Vice Chair for Faculty Development, Former department Chair and department managers. He/she will support five new strategic priority areas focused on enhancing research, education and collaboration within the Department of Epidemiology & Statistics. He/she demonstrates excellent independent judgment as well as problem-solving, analytic and communication skills when addressing issues. DEPARTMENT OF EPIDEMIOLOGY & BIOSTATISTICS The Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics (DEB), housed within the UCSF School of Medicine, has a vision to advance discoveries and insights into the distribution, determinants and outcomes of disease that will drive improvements in population health worldwide. The DEB has three missions: 1) education, 2) science, and 3) research. Its educational mission is to train students in epidemiologic and biostatistical methods for studying disease etiology and prevention, evaluating tests and treatments, and using evidence-based approaches in clinical practice and population health. The scientific mission of the DEB is to perform outstanding basic, clinical and population health research along a spectrum from molecules to society and to develop tools for the translation of knowledge that will improve clinical practice and population health and ensure optimal use of resources. The clinical mission of the Department is to support the practice of public health and preventive medicine in local, state, national and international health agencies. ABOUT UCSF The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences.