At Micro Focus, everything we do is based on a simple idea: The fastest way to get results is to build on what you have. Our software solutions enable organizations to do just that. Secure and scalable, with analytics built in, they bridge the gap between existing and emerging IT—fast-tracking digital transformations across DevOps, Hybrid IT, Security, and Predictive Analytics. In the race to innovate, Micro Focus customers have the clear advantage. Our portfolio spans the following areas: DevOps | IT Operations| Cloud | Security | Info Governance | Big Data, Machine Learning, & Analytics Take charge of your future and join our sales team as we go to market with a best-in-class portfolio that will help shape the world’s software landscape. About the Role The Associate Account Representative (AAR) is an entry level position in the sales organization, with the goal of providing support to the sales team while developing company knowledge, sales skills, and an understanding of the sales process and business systems. The individual must demonstrate the aptitude, motivation, and desire to advance as a sales professional. The Associate Account Representative will learn to work as a sales professional through the guidance and mentorship of other Sales team members. The AAR will develop a working knowledge of sales concepts, company policies and work procedures to assist with sales opportunities and manage routine customer issues. The AAR individuals will be assigned to a Field Sales Manager’s team, which is made up of individual Account Executives who cover a Territory made up of Named Accounts and works under specific direction of a Field Sales Manager on tasks and assignments to improve the outcome of the efforts of the Account Executives, with the ultimate goal of driving additional License Revenue. Over time, the AAR will take on some direct sales responsibilities as they prepare for transition into a direct selling role. The Associate Account Representative will Provide Sales Managers and Account Executives with support to achieve sales targets Conduct Call Campaigns to customers and prospects for specific sales initiatives Generate and qualify potential leads to be worked on with the Field Sales team Proactively review account activities in pursuit of new business or up-selling opportunities Assist with CRM data management and Quoting Manage RFP responses and build customer proposals Assist in planning client events and meetings Coordinate contract proposals, extensions, and amendments creation and processing with Legal Coordinate resolution of credits, approvals, and billing issues with Finance Orchestrates the resources and sponsorship essential for executing business effectively Interacts with contacts and information of a sensitive, complex, and sometimes confidential nature both inside and outside of the company, requiring exceptional judgment and discretion. Education and Experience Bachelors’ degree or equivalent experience required. Some experience in administration and business support; some sales experience preferred (0-3 years). Skills and Knowledge Ability to multi-task, priorities, organize and work within tight timelines Good knowledge of Microsoft Office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint) IT and internet savvy Knowledge of general office practice and business etiquette Customer focus, with experience in a professional sales environment preferred Good judgment, able to handle confidential information Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, presentation skills are helpful Understands how to work in a professional environment Conducts in a manner that ensures team success Self-motivated and goal oriented, with desire to improve skills consistently If you want to be part of what's next and find out more about our available opportunities, visit Micro Focus Careers. LI-SD1