Presbyterian Homes & Services is Full-Time Mobile Technology Specialist to join its team. The Mobile Technology Specialist is a service-oriented role that manages both PHS’s Mobile Device Management Program (MDM) and Device Enrollment Program (DEP) while also collaborates with a team to ensure the successful procurement and deployment of mobile and data communications devices across the company. This role also serves as a resource to people in their learning and adoption of mobile technology. Additionally, the Mobile Technology Specialist resolves help desk requests for people working remotely and in PHS’s office. Responsibilities Key responsibilities of this position include but are not limited to: Utilize Mobil Device Management (MDM) application(s) to manage services including Active Directory integration and device and security policy maintenance. Procure mobile devices using a variety of methods, including Apple Device Enrollment Program (DEP). Oversee, recover and recycle electronic assets including smart phones, feature phones, tablets and other associated hardware. Coordinate with wireless and device vendors to meet the needs of PHS’s employees. Maintain and update PHS’s knowledge base on technical queries and ticket resolution. Maintain assets in the Asset Management system. Follow, redefine and develop workflow related to mobile device management. Develop and maintain support documentation. Demonstrate good stewardship of available resources. Assist in the care and maintenance of departmental equipment, supplies, work areas, and facilities; obtain supplies and equipment as needed. Promote continuous self development and growth. Exhibit technical competence in the field by being familiar with and ensuring compliance with regulations and established best practices. Use discretion and independent judgment to compare and evaluate possible courses of action and decision-making. Performs other duties and responsibilities as necessary. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or a combination of equivalent work experience and education and 2+ years working in a help desk role and managing mobile devices and providing user support and solution services Experience with Apple Device Enrollment Program (DEP), Microsoft Office and O365, iOS devices and Android devices is necessary Ability to travel to PHS sites on an as-needed basis in Minnesota, Wisconsin and Iowa Excellent written, computer, interpersonal relationship, and communication skills Strong administrative, planning, collaboration and problem-solving skills Demonstrated ability to read, write, speak and understand the English language to communicate with all customers. Able to read and understand technical manuals and procedural documentation. Proficient in Internet navigation, Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook. Self-motivated and directed with attention to detail. About PHS Presbyterian Homes & Services (PHS), based in St. Paul, Minnesota, is a non- profit, faith-based organization providing a broad array of high quality housing choices, care and service options for older adults. 6,400 employees serve 25,000 older adults through 45 PHS-affiliated senior living communities in Minnesota, Wisconsin and Iowa, and through Optage® home and community services. Established in 1955, PHS has earned the reputation as an innovative leader concerned with promoting independence, vitality and well-being for those they serve. We believe employees are the most important resource in our ministry and we are committed to an environment where employees are valued and empowered to make a difference. With a strong commitment to grow our employees from within, the development opportunities with us are virtually unlimited. We offer competitive wages, opportunities for advancement, ongoing training, and incredible benefits like education assistance and nursing loan forgiveness. If you have a desire to honor God by enriching the lives and touching the hearts of older adults, consider answering the call and join our team. _PHS is an EEO/AA employer. All applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, or status with regard to public assistance._