Company Overview: Flowserve is the recognized world leader in supplying pumps, valves, seals, automation, and services to the power, oil, gas, chemical, and other industries. With more than 18,000 employees in more than 55 countries, we combine our global reach with a local presence. Position Requirements: MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or in a closely related or equivalent field. 4 years of experience performing SQL query development and optimization of relational databases using SQL. Experience to include: 3 years of experience developing reports, multidimensional data warehouses, and ETL packages with Microsoft Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) on SQL Server (2008/2012); 3 years of experience designing ETL architecture to extract data from various sources (e.g., Oracle, IBM DB2, MS SQL Server, Flat Files, etc.) and transform/load the data on to various database destinations using Microsoft ETL, Business Objects ETL, or other technologies; 2 years of experience developing Business Intelligence solutions or dashboards using Microsoft BI Stack, PerformancePoint, PowerPivot, Power BI, Tableau, or other technologies; 1 year of experience working in a manufacturing industry environment; and, 1 year of experience working on Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) framework. In lieu of a Bachelor's degree plus 4 years of experience, the Employer will accept: Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or in a closely related or equivalent field. 2 years of experience performing SQL query development and optimization of relational databases using SQL. Experience to include: 2 years of experience developing reports, multidimensional data warehouses, and ETL packages with Microsoft Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) on SQL Server (2008/2012); 2 years of experience designing ETL architecture to extract data from various sources (e.g., Oracle, IBM DB2, MS SQL Server, Flat Files, etc.) and transform/load the data on to various database destinations using Microsoft ETL, Business Objects ETL, or other technologies; 2 years of experience developing Business Intelligence solutions or dashboards using Microsoft BI Stack, PerformancePoint, PowerPivot, Power BI, Tableau, or other technologies; 1 year of experience working in a manufacturing industry environment; and, 1 year of experience working on Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) framework. OTHER: Job site – 4343 W. Royal Lane , Suite 106, Irving, TX 75063; 40 hours/week. CONTACT: Julie Dixon , Human Resources. E-mail resume to jdixon @flowserve.com .. Must reference Req 42552BR in email subject line. Position Description: BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE ANALYST JOB TITLE: Business Intelligence Analyst DUTIES: Responsible for analyzing asset data and developing Business intelligence solutions to meet business needs using Microsoft BI Stack or any other modern BI Solutions. Support OSISOFT PI Asset Framework, Analyses expressions, templates design, and PI OLEDB enterprise products. Develop PI SQL queries for generating various reports and dashboards for on-demand customer requests. Support the predictive data analytics development and implementation for an Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) platform using PTC ThingWorx platform. Develop and maintain PostgreSQL object-relational database for ThingWorx platform. Collaborate with various business groups and technology team to discover and translate business requirements and design multi-dimensional cubes, data models, complex reports, and dashboards for various projects. Design and implement robust database administrative solutions, including resource management, security, backups, and recovery. Responsible for performance monitoring and tuning, data management and capacity planning, planning and implementation failover between database instances. Develop, Deliver and maintain SQL Data Warehouse, Business Intelligence Stack SSIS, SSAS, and SSRS, Power BI, and Tableau Analytics in on-premise SQL or Microsoft Azure environments. Develop ETL architecture to integrate data from various systems like SAP Business Objects, Oracle PL/SQL, IMB DB2, SQL Server, and Flat Files. Translate data as needed, and move into database destinations. Schedule and automate the ETL packages, Stored Procedures, and SQL Jobs to run constantly to populate latest data on UI dashboards. Assist in identifying application and architecture requirements. Evaluate Data Lake platforms involving Hadoop big data systems. Generate technical documentation, test plans, and implementation plans. Job Posting/Business Card Title: Business Intelligence Analyst Percentage of Approximate Travel Required: 0% Job Posting Category: Information Technology Primary Posting Location: Irving, Texas US Country: United States of America Employment Type: Full time Relocation Eligible: No Auto req ID: 42552BR Preferences: NA 42552BR