Under limited supervision from the Director, Management Services, or other more senior performance improvement staff, the Senior Management Engineer is responsible for the facilitation of multiple Continuous Improvement (CI) efforts and applies a variety of improvement methodologies (including lean, six sigma, theory of constraints, TQM, human factors design) and group management techniques to support individuals and teams through process improvement initiatives. Project work may include technical analyses or may require facilitation of a large multi-disciplinary group of administrators and/or medical personnel. Works collaboratively with leadership to increase efficiencies, decrease costs, reduce variability, reduce errors/defects, and involve all appropriate personnel. Prepares reports and recommendations for management and coordinates implementation whenever possible. This individual provides needed continuous improvement training and education and works closely with other CI personnel to meet education needs at all levels throughout the institution. May supervise tasks of Student Analysts. Communicates regularly with Management on specific projects. Flexibility, innovation, and creativity are necessary characteristics of the successful candidate. Individual is expected to continuously learn and apply new continuous improvement methodologies, and to spread successful innovation through the institution. PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: General: Leads improvement initiatives using Lean, Six Sigma and other problem solving methods including: Continuous Flow, 5 S, Standard Operations, Pull Process, Reengineering, FMEA, Problem Solving Tools, Value Stream Mapping and other tools to identify opportunities for improvement. Leads projects of increasing complexity (including complex systems, political, change and organizational issues); Is able to work independently on business unit initiatives. Growing knowledge of ways to collect, organize, and generate statistical analysis on more complex problems and processes for use of statistical techniques for generating, organizing and processing data through the use of MIDAS, Excel, Access, and other database software programs. Is able to explain and teach others the interpretation of these analyses. Researches best practices for improvement and appropriately incorporates identified best practices into process design. May provide support to healthcare benchmarking systems including data collection, data submission, data interpretation and opportunity analysis, coaching to leadership and operational management on improvement opportunities and approaches. Project Management: For assigned projects, develops a project scope document and project plan including the gathering of information, estimates of resources required, estimated timeline for completion, background, project objectives, description of proposed approach, deliverables, and a client communication plan. Identifies core processes for end-to-end focus and applies the use of the HFHS Model for Improvement, incorporating the use of PI tools (Lean, six sigma, TOC, etc.) when appropriate. Leads and facilitates assigned initiatives, in a consulting capacity, in support of organizational improvement [within a function] that will drive or have direct impact on process improvements, reducing waste, and enhancing patient and/or customer satisfaction. Assesses organizational performance (e.g., a function, a department, a key process, etc.) in relation to established goals and standards; recommend new approaches, policies and procedures to effect continual progress toward goals and standards. Provides advice and consultation on "what to measure" for performance metrics. Develops process performance metrics. Documents current processes and new processes, including extended and related processes (more complex); facilitates design of new processes incorporating process improvement fundamentals (removing waste, hand-offs). Develop improvement action plans, quantify the business benefits, and provide leadership and mentoring to ensure implementation. With assistance on assigned projects, drives implementation of critical business metrics & ongoing end-to-end process reviews. This will include the following steps: a) Identify key processes and their indicators; b) Establish baseline metrics; c) Report through financial and business review process; and, d) Develop and maximize improvement plans. Provides expertise using basic change management tools and methods to ensure successful and sustainable implementation of improvements. Conducts written and oral project updates for senior management and other leaders. Training: Develops content and assists in the delivery of HFHS Improvement Model training programs including providing Senior Leadership, Directors and Managers with ongoing HFHS Improvement Model education and training. Coaching: With support from a more senior PI resource, (e.g., Principal, PM, Manager, Director) coaches & mentors team members and process owners to utilize a defined PDCA process improvement methodology, incorporating PI methods that ensure the use and appropriate interpretation of data for decision making. Provide expertise and tools to managers, leaders, etc. to develop and sustain process improvements. Is able to assess the culture and workplace environment using developing skills and competencies. Other: Develops effective communication methods to keep staff and others informed about improvement/ (re)design activities of the organization and department. Demonstrates to others the incorporation of HFHS Team Standards and Mission, and Vision Statement into daily activities. Developing skills that help provide assistance and serve as a resource to departments and business units in identifying, planning and implementing improvement initiatives, aligned to System goals. Integrates quality customer service skills, leadership skills and communication skills when interfacing with both internal and external customers. Actively seeks opportunities for self-improvement through self-awareness and feedback. Actively pursues opportunities to become multi-skilled to serve a more diverse role in the organization, with developing skills in organizational improvement and business problem solving. Guides junior analysts (interns and students) in performing operations analysis and decision support activities. Other duties may be assigned EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: Bachelor’s Degree is required. A degree in industrial or related engineering, nursing, business administration (w/ quality/operations improvement emphasis), healthcare administration (w/ quality/operations improvement emphasis), organizational development, human factors or similar field is preferred. Minimum of three (3) years of experience in organizational performance improvement. Ability to manage, simultaneous assignments with potentially conflicting priorities and deadlines. Ability to identify when input from Director or other senior staff members is necessary. Strong interpersonal skills; ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management and staff across the System. Strong base of analytical/technical, facilitative, and process improvement knowledge. Oral and written communication skills, including the ability to teach technical/analytical concepts to non-Management Services managers and staff. Knowledge of effective data gathering techniques. Sound decision-making skills. Proven project management skills. Strong diplomacy and collaboration skills Minimum Salary: $72,217.60 _This rate is the minimum pay for the position. Actual compensation will be based on education, years of experience, and other factors at the time of offer._ Overview Henry Ford Health System, one of the largest and most comprehensive integrated U.S. health care systems, is a national leader in clinical care, research and education. The system includes the 1,200-member Henry Ford Medical Group, five hospitals, Health Alliance Plan (a health insurance and wellness company), Henry Ford Physician Network, a 150-site ambulatory network and many other health-related entities throughout southeast Michigan, providing a full continuum of care. In 2015, Henry Ford provided $299 million in uncompensated care. The health system also is a major economic driver in Michigan and employs more than 24,600 employees. Henry Ford is a 2011Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award recipient. The health system is led by President and CEO Wright Lassiter III. To learn more, visit HenryFord.com. Benefits Whether it's offering a new medical option, helping you make healthier lifestyle choices or making the employee enrollment selection experience easier, it's all about choice. Henry Ford Health System has a new approach for its employee benefits program - My Choice Rewards. My Choice Rewards is a program as diverse as the people it serves. There are dozens of options for all of our employees including compensation, benefits, work/life balance and learning - options that enhance your career and add value to your personal life. As an employee you are provided access to Retirement Programs, an Employee Assistance Program (Henry Ford Enhanced), Tuition Reimbursement, Paid Time Off, Employee Health and Wellness and access to day care services at Bright Horizons Midtown Detroit, and a whole host of other benefits and services. Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer Henry Ford Health System is committed to the hiring, advancement and fair treatment of all individuals without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, size, height, weight, marital status, family status, gender identity, sexual orientation, and genetic information, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable federal and state laws.