We are seeking a Senior Network Security Analyst, within the Information Security department. You will support and provide project management for the architecture, implementation, and maintenance of various security infrastructure systems including firewalls, VPN concentrators, intrusion prevention systems, intrusion detection systems, proxy servers, wireless security, RADIUS and LDAP authentication technologies and other supervisory responsibilities as assigned. This is a full time role that will report to the University Center Tower on Fannin Street in the heart of the Texas Medical Center. It is eligible for full benefits including great healthcare options and a retirement fund run by the State of Texas. The department has specified they are assigning the following duties: Design and implement a custom next generation Splunk SIEM solution Tune Splunk solution to create actionable alerts Installation, maintenance, and upgrade of Splunk universal/heavy forwarders and deployment servers in large distributed environments Advanced dashboard development using Splunk XML web framework Maximize auditing efficiency across multiple applications with access to ePHI using Fairwarning Enable more advanced analytics by having a greater understanding of audit log data on Fairwarning Accelerate accurate and effective application implementations with FairWarning Set up proactive detection of HIPAA-related security events Tune FairWarning to create actionable alerts Enhance governance reporting & HIPAA audit controls Position Key Accountabilities: 1\. Provide technical assistance in the selection, configuration, and maintenance of network security devices including, but not limited to, firewalls, IPS, IDS, SIEM and VPN platforms. 2\. Develop technical security standards to support policies including assisting in creating and coordinating security monitoring standards and incident investigation procedures. 3\. Serve as expert technical resource in advising and assisting all departments and schools for issues relating to network security. 4\. Engage with Network Operations, as the security liaison, in the design and implementation of new network projects and initiatives. 5\. Perform penetration tests according to industry best practices and various compliance requirements, track operational compliance and prepare reports. 6\. Provide leadership and coordination for UTHSC-H Incident Response Team from preparation through resolution. 7\. Present to executive and middle management, LAN managers, and Information Security Team on a variety of security issues. Propose and support solutions as appropriate. 8\. Works with the Managers, Security Analysts and other IT and business professionals to coordinate all phases of projects from feasibility through deployment. 9\. Develop metrics and scorecards in support of information security program for quarterly and annual reports to UTHSC-H President and UT System. 10\. Provide expert analysis and support for digital forensic investigations and e-discovery requests. 11\. Participate in working groups with business units and system owners to develop security strategy. 12\. Perform other duties as assigned. Certification/Skills: Knowledge of network protocols, data flows, and vulnerabilities within a TCP/IP environment. Must possess understanding of information security and risk management best practices and issues Knowledge of common information security standards and legislation, such as ISO/IEC 27001/5, PCI DSS, HIPAA, FERPA and TAC 202. A commitment to keep up to date with emerging security threats, technologies and trends Strong problem solving skills combined with a proactive approach and confidence to make decisions Multi-level communications and interpersonal skills (including strong documentation skills) Able to effectively communicate security-related concepts to a broad range of technical and non-technical staff; across IT and business; senior management. Able to work effectively in an environment characterized by multi-tasking, juggling multiple projects and conflicting priorities Ability to effectively communicate risk as it relates to the business units Candidate must possess project management and cost/benefit analysis skills Candidate must demonstrate leadership qualities and skills, including independent decision-making abilities Working knowledge of Unix, Windows 2000/2003 Server, Cisco, MAC OS, SQL/MySQL databases CISSP, CISA, CISM, GIAC, PMP or Cisco certifications are strongly preferred. Minimum Education: Bachelor’s Degree, formal training in information technology security and networks or related experience in lieu of education. Minimum Experience: Five (5) years minimum experience consisting of network related work experience, operating system administration and project management. Physical Requirements: Exerts up to 50 pounds of force occasionally and/or up to 20 pounds frequent and/or up to 10 pounds constantly to move objects. Security Sensitive: This job class may contain positions that are security sensitive and thereby subject to the provisions of Texas Education Code § 51.215