Solidus is searching for a Systems Administrator to provide daily operational IT support of Mac and Linux systems for administrative and research staff. The successful candidate will join a group that is engaged in a wide range of cyber-security-related mission activities focused on analyzing, understanding, and assessing cyber-containing systems. Responsibilities: Day-to-day desktop hardware and software support of Mac and Linux desktops including operating system builds, upgrades, patches, optimization in both physical and virtual environments. Identify and implement practices to increase system reliability and performance. Perform root cause analysis and provide recommendations to improve efficiencies and resolve problems. Responsible for the day to day support of the desktop infrastructure including; desktop deployment and support, security compliance, maintenance, hardware break/fix and performance troubleshooting. Testing and verification of the standard desktop image with supported hardware configurations Identify potential security risks and implement appropriate security measures Participate in desktop operating system upgrades, patches and optimization Identify and implement practices to increase desktop reliability and performance Act as liaison between division/group users and the information Service Department on issues related to problem resolution,systems upgrades, services and product research Participate in all project activities accordingly to ensure on time deliverables are met including day to day planning and coordination with internal teams; this includes adjusting plans and schedules as necessary to meet changing business requirements Develop, publish and maintain system documentation (e.g. Instructional, Design/Build, Testing) Requirements: Secret Clearance MS plus 3 years minimum experience, or BS plus 5 years minimum experience Must obtain DoD 8570 compliance and complete any required Govt certifications within a reasonable time frame Must be able to work in a fast-paced, customer-focused environment, and demonstrate they have an established reputation working in mixed operating system environments (Mac, Windows, and Linux). Able to work closely with research personnel in the Cyber System Assessments Group to deliver high quality second- and third-level desktop support services with a focus on the Mac OS X operating system. Preferred Skills: Advanced knowledge of Mac OS X, Macintosh hardware, and Apple technologies operating in an Enterprise environment Working knowledge of Apple or Unix scripting or programming languages Knowledge of the JAMF Casper Suite Basic knowledge of Windows and supporting enterprise technologies such as Active Directory, Group Policy, Windows Server Experience with Linux system administration including Linux variants such as Ubuntu, Debian and Red Hat Experience with or working knowledge of Virtualization technologies (VMware preferred) Solid understanding of networking (eg. switching, routing, firewalls) and networking services/protocols (eg. DNS, DHCP, HTTP etc) Excellent customer service skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Applicants selected must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. U.S. Citizenship may be required. Solidus is an Equal Opportunity Employer and participates in E-Verify. NOTICE OF AFFIRMATIVE ACTION PLAN FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES, DISABLED VETERANS AND OTHER PROTECTED VETERANS. It is the policy of this Company to seek and employ qualified individuals at all locations and facilities, and to provide equal employment opportunities for all applicants and employees in recruiting, hiring, placement, training, compensation, insurance, benefits, promotion, transfer, and termination. To achieve this, we are dedicated to taking affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities, disabled veterans, and other protected veterans. The objective in adopting the Affirmative Action Programs is to place qualified individuals with disabilities, disabled veterans and other protected veterans in all job classifications. These Affirmative Action Programs are available for inspection by any applicant or employee by contacting the Company's EEO Coordinator, in the Human Resources office, Monday through Friday, 8am to 5pm