Job Description _The NSG Operations Research Analyst is Located in Lehi, Utah_ __ We're looking for problem solvers interested in working in a team environment to address the evolving needs in this high tech industry. If you're one of those people who recognizes the value of a mathematical model to address business problems and enjoy working to provide clear decisions, then this position may be for you. If you recognize the value of turning data into insights, then you would enjoy a position as an Operations Research Analyst at Intel . As an Operations Research Analyst at Intel, you will be responsible to improve business processes through development of decision support tools and data management solutions, as well as develop robust data visualization tools and techniques to pull forward the correct decisions from the multitude of options in front of the business. We offer a tremendous opportunity to help optimize decisions in a rapidly evolving manufacturing and supply chain environment. An Operations Research Analyst in our company works to master capacity and product planning data / decision science problems. We promise to challenge our engineers to develop the technical and soft skills needed to become a technical leader. As an Operations Research Analyst your primary responsibilities will be: To recognize technical solutions to data management and decision automation problems including product flow, production planning, tool capacity forecasting and supply chain design. You will work with a team of brilliant engineers to lead and participate in multi-disciplinary teams to develop solutions to support data analysis of strategy options and technology changes in current and future fabrication facilities. You will be expected to develop the business acumen and customer orientation to allow you to recognize existing and emerging business problems. You will work with a team of information systems experts to tailor solutions and mathematical models to properly forecast the impact of decisions on cost and capability. You will contribute to the high level of technical sharing, teamwork, coaching, and mentoring among the team members to drive results, and develop personal, team and organizational capabilities. This position requires the ability to interface heavily with business users to gather requirements, develop models and create prototypes that support their needs and to deliver solutions that are rapidly adopted by the business. The team values and rewards excellent teamwork, a customer service orientation and the ability to foster trust with our partners and stakeholders. Qualifications _The NSG Operations Research Analyst is Located in Lehi, Utah_ __ Education: Masters degree in Industrial Engineering, Operations Research or Computer Science Minimum Requirements: Minimum of 3-5+ years of solutions development in the semiconductor industry Minimum of 3+ years' experience solving supply chain issues leveraging SAP, Solver technology, or similar supply chain software solutions Minimum of 3+ years' experience in semiconductor manufacturing Proficiency with software requirements listed in the job description Additional Requirements: Experience with developing linear programming or heuristic solutions required with experience with optimization development environment preferred. Industry experience in supply chain operations research is desirable, preferred technologies CPLEX Proficiency in Simulating complex systems and making recommendations on strategic decisions using methods of Discrete-Event Simulation or Monte Carlo Simulation. Experience working with large datasets to gather insights for descriptive and predictive analytics. Ability to develop mathematical models of product flow / tool capacity to forecast capability and solve these problems using linear, mixed-integer and integer programming solutions. Systems thinking and the ability to determine the appropriate problem to address after observing planning operations. Data Science Concepts: data mining, processing and analyzing data. Develop Business Intelligence solutions using Microsoft Analysis Services and use data visualization techniques/tools to understand the results of various analysis, e.g., Tableau. Apply statistical concepts and methodologies like process control and regression analysis to translate the data into meaningful information for capacity modeling and product planning. Use project management methodologies to run projects from initiation and planning to deployment. Designing and coordinating multiple complex projects simultaneously. Ability to build relationships of trust with stakeholders, partners, customers, and management.Lead cross functional meetings / teams and drive decision making processes. Model based problem solving, advanced data analysis techniques, finding root causes, and evaluating options. Provide clear and concise communication of complex ideas in simple to understand terms through various methods and levels of stakeholders. Software: Programming language preferably SQL, relational database design, optimization software preferably IBM ILOG, Python, Tableau. Inside this Business Group Non-Volatile Solutions Memory Group: The Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group is a worldwide organization that delivers NAND flash memory products for use in Solid State Drives (SSDs), portable memory storage devices, digital camera memory cards, and other devices. The group is responsible for NVM technology design and development, complete Solid State Drive (SSD) system hardware and firmware development, as well as wafer and SSD manufacturing. Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.