Additional Locations: (n/a) Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work. Receiving Clerk II This position is located in Maple Grove, MN About The Role: Primary focus is to support the receipt of all inbound raw material. Your Responsibilities Include: Performs routine functions of SAP in receiving location. Understands and adheres to safety policies and practices. Responsible for quality and adheres to departmental process requirements, the Boston Scientific Corporation Quality Policy and the Strategic Quality Process (SQP). Follow all processes in which trained (in their most current revision), and completing other assigned work, while meeting departmental goals and metrics. Help manage the coverage strategy, rotates as necessary and works well with all group members, both within the team and cross functionally. Demonstrates, promotes and suggests ideas for Lean Manufacturing and other continuous improvement initiatives. Takes an active leadership role in developing and driving Lean activities, including Born Lean strategies. Understands and follows all BSC and site specific policies and procedures. Responsible for attending and passing all required BSC and site specific training per the training curriculum. What we’re looking for: Required Qualifications: High School or equivalent and 1-3 years of experience. Acceptable Motor Vehicle Record Ability to lift and/or carry up to 50lbs Basic computer skills Preferred Qualifications: Ability to use forklift and electric pallet jack Medical Device experience preferred Ability to use Microsoft Excel, Outlook and Word Comfortable driving a medium sized box/moving truck (No special license required) SAP Inventory Software Experience About us As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen. Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran Requisition ID: 433309 Nearest Major Market: Minneapolis Job Segment: Clerical, Medical, ERP, Medical Technology, Shipping and Receiving, Administrative, Healthcare, Technology, Operations