The Manager, Library Integrated Technology Systems provides managerial leadership in planning, implementing, and executing integrated library systems, applications and technology services that enable the Libraries' efficient operations and effective strategic initiatives (https://www.library.drexel.edu/about/strategic-plan/). The manager builds and inspires effective teams within the Libraries' matrix organization, directly supervising a team of technology specialists and serving as a strategic project manager of working groups that include staff from several Libraries units and may include partners across campus departments. The manager works closely with campus technology units and external IT partners to coordinate, develop, and implement services, systems, and IT infrastructure. The current Drexel Libraries' integrated technology environment is evolving and includes ExLibris Alma, Summon, and Esploro, as well as an Islandora-based institutional repository and development of a digital preservation initiative using DuraCloud. The Libraries has outsourced its system administration and Islandora development, and continues to explore other hosted solutions and development opportunities with vendor and campus partners. The manager reports to the Director of Library Administrative Services, and serves on the Libraries Managerial Leadership Group. Qualifications Required qualifications Master's degree, with a bachelor's degree in computing technology, information sciences, or related field. Minimum of 4 years of post-bachelor degree experience with computer technology. Experience integrating information technologies in Demonstrated knowledge of the principles, practices, and procedures of information technology and library operations. Proven managerial leadership ability to work collaboratively Demonstrated supervisory and coaching ability to inspire, manage and evaluate individual and team performance and effectiveness; and lead/coordinate projects across organizational lines. Demonstrated utilization of iterative improvement cycles to maximize user quality experiences. Demonstrated high customer service, diplomacy and professionalism. Demonstrated excellent skills to effectively communicate technical information in a clear and understandable manner to diverse audiences. Evidence of fostering teamwork by maintaining a positive, cooperative, and productive work atmosphere. Preferred qualifications MLIS from an ALA accredited institution or advanced degree in a technology or related field. Demonstrated commitment to fostering an inclusive and diverse work environment. Essential Functions Key responsibilities include the ongoing selection, adoption and technical integration of emerging library technologies and automated systems; the integration, operation, and support of the Libraries' technology systems, tools and applications; and ensuring systems usability, security, maintenance, and integrity. The manager is also responsible for maintaining, sharing, and applying expert knowledge of applications, industry and library standards and products that manage the Libraries integrated platforms for discovery, workflows, operations, and ethical dissemination of scholarly, archival, instructional information and research data resources. Also provides project management for technology-based projects beyond ongoing operations. Other duties as assigned. Supplemental Posting Information Drexel University offers an attractive benefits package including tuition remission, a generous retirement package and an opportunity to join a talented team of professionals directly helping the University achieve its record growth and quality reputation. Drexel University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, welcomes individuals from diverse backgrounds and perspectives, and believes that an inclusive and respectful environment enriches the University community and the educational and employment experience of its members. The University prohibits discrimination against individuals on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, disability, age, status as a veteran or special disabled veteran, gender identity or expression, genetic information, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and any other prohibited characteristic. Please visit our website to view all University Policies and Workplace Postings. Background investigations are required for all new hires as a condition of employment, after the job offer is made. Employment may not begin until the University accepts the results of the background investigation. Documents that must be associated with this posting Resume Cover Letter Does this position interact with minors? No If yes, Please provide details Motor Vehicle Check (MVC) required No Employee Type (5) Full Time Home Department Name 3626 Library Recruiting Salary commensurate with experience Position Location Libraries Salary Grade L Job Open Date 07-30-2018 Job Close Date 08-29-2018