Overview The Unified Communications Administrator role is to ensure the availability, support and integrity of the Quanta Services Messaging platforms. This includes but is not limited to implementation and maintenance of on-premises Exchange email system, Office 365, provide support to operation units, and use of various management tools. This individual will provide technical guidance and consulting across the organization and be a contributor in strategic decision on the platforms. Responsibilities Scope: Enterprise Essential / Non-essential Job Functions: Manage a unified communications platform which includes Exchange 2013, Office 365, Skype for Business, E-discovery, EMC SourceOne and MobileIron. Use PowerShell to automate reports, tasks, and troubleshooting. Perform installations, patches, upgrades, capacity planning and performance tuning, through approved change management Enter, track, and update incident and changes in ticket management system. Provide tier-3 support for team members and other support teams. After-hours support rotation and implementation, as needed. Document and develop in-depth knowledge of company’s existing messaging IT architecture/infrastructure, and technology portfolio. Conduct research on emerging technologies in support of infrastructure development efforts, and recommend technologies that will increase cost effectiveness and infrastructure flexibility. Assist in the design and implementation of end-to-end integrated systems for messaging platforms. Develop and execute test plans to check infrastructure and systems technical performance. Report on findings and make recommendations for improvement. Perform routine health assessments on environments in response to business user needs. Develop, document, and maintain policies, procedures and associated training plans for system administration and appropriate use. Ensure the integrity and security of enterprise data on servers, computers and databases in accordance to business needs and industry best-practices regarding privacy, security, and regulatory compliance. Qualifications Required Education and Experience: Minimum of 5 years total Exchange administration experience. (Design, Implement, Upgrade, Support, Maintain) Minimum of 4 years of Skype for Business administration experience. (Design, Implement, Upgrade, Support, Maintain) Minimum of 3 years of MDM administration experience. (Design, Implement, Upgrade, Support, Maintain) Minimum of 5 years administering Windows Server operating systems ranging from Server 2008-2016. (Design, Implement, Upgrade, Support, Maintain) Preferred Education and Experience: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or minimum 7 years of comparable experience Experience performing other Customer Service/Facing related roles Licenses / Certifications: Microsoft Exchange related certifications - Required Microsoft Windows Server, Microsoft System Center, VMWare, ITIL - Preferred ITIL Foundation - Preferred MCITP - Preferred MCDST - Preferred Knowledge and Skills: Experience implementing/administering enterprise Exchange clustered environment spanning multiple data centers - Advanced Level Experience implementing/administering Exchange 2010/2013 - Advanced Level Experience implementing/administering O365 - Advanced Level Experience implementing/administering Skype for Business – Intermediate Level Experience implementing/administering mobile device management platform – Intermediate Level Experience working with formal architecture methodologies (ITIL) – Intermediate Level Construct High Availability, Disaster Recover design – Intermediate Level Hands-on installation, upgrade, production support of Exchange 2013, Office 365, Skype for Business, E-discovery, EMC SourceOne and MobileIron - Advanced Level Windows OS - Advanced Level Active Directory (Accounts, Groups, GPs, Security) – Intermediate Level PowerShell – Advanced Level Outlook - Advanced Level Competencies: Customer service oriented and proactive in anticipating and resolving problems while maximizing efficient use of available IT Uses excellent problem-solving, communication, and interpersonal skills along with a patient, positive, and customer-friendly attitude within a team Demonstrates outstanding customer orientation and desire to enable client productivity. Communicates effectively and efficiently with technical and non-technical audiences at all levels of organization; utilizes appropriate communication channels for given situations. Acts professionally and tactfully at all times and in all situations; maintains a professional demeanor and appearance. Produces high quality work results with a sense of urgency while maintaining a high level of focus on detail, exactness and completeness. Builds leveraging relationships & teamwork environment with clients, peers and other IT teams that facilitate knowledge and information sharing; contribute to team’s body of knowledge; being recognized as a dependable member of team and a source of positive energy and attitude for clients and team. Able to manage multiple priorities and projects simultaneously Adheres to change management and documentation policies Travel Requirements: Up to 10% Knowledge / Skills / Abilities: Language Skills: English – Advanced level required, Spanish – Intermediate level preferred Mathematical Skills: Basic level required Reasoning Skills/Abilities: Advanced level required