Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge. The Customer Engagement Advisor helps lead our overall Customer Engagement program and plays a critical role in facilitating executive customer meetings by designing and delivering experiences that drive business and technical insights and collaboration for our customers and prospects. You will be a critical member of a dynamic team responsible for designing, developing, and executing Google Cloud’s 2.0 customer experience program that is intended to develop and strengthen relationships with key decision makers and influencers at every level. As such, the primary objectives for our team is to accelerate customer innovation and life cycle progress through substantive program offerings, both high touch and at scale in partnership with our sales, marketing, product and engineering teams. You will collaborate with Google Cloud Executives, Sales, Product Management and Marketing teams across geographies and manage continuous program innovation and enhancements that allow our team to scale in support of the rapid growth of Google Cloud. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Provide customers with an enterprise-focused briefing experience that includes curating, planning and execution. Develop and manage the delivery of content on the day of the experience that provides value and meets/exceeds meeting objectives. Be accountable for objectives that are set in partnership with account teams that are specific to each account. Collaborate closely with internal stakeholders to develop agendas, content and the appropriate presenters as needed who contribute to impactful experiences that deliver insight and drive business value for Google Cloud Platform (GCP) customers. Track and deliver data and insights from Customer Experience Center (CEC) sessions to internal stakeholders including sales, product and marketing teams and GCP executives. Identify measurable sales goals for each briefing that will be reviewed post-briefing and articulate meeting goals to speakers in preparation for each experience. Capture unique customer insights during the meeting as it pertains to Google initiatives and utilize customer survey results in debriefs with the experience team to redirect future meetings based on customer feedback. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience in Sales / Business Development / Consulting / Industry Solutions / Marketing for cloud, data management or technical infrastructure products and services. 3 years of experience in a client-facing role or working in direct engagement with account teams Travel regionally and internationally up to 20% of the time. Preferred qualifications: Experience delivering sales, product marketing and technical customer engagement initiatives at scale. Experience delivering content and programming for enterprise customers at executive briefing centers or similar Experience in meeting facilitation and presentation delivery. Experience leading customer engagement programs with C-suite customers Demonstrated ability to work effectively and independently in a fast-paced, detail-oriented, deadline-driven environment Strong general understanding of the cloud industry and enterprise customer scale requirements, and strong general understanding of Google Cloud products and solutions Strong communication skills (written, verbal and visual) and ability to influence others At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.