Shipping and Receiving Clerk Apply Now: http://besthire1.com/shipping-receiving-clerk-25 An exciting opportunity exists to join BOXX Technologies! We are searching for an enthusiastic, hard-working and knowledgeable Shipping and Receiving Clerk to join our team. The right candidate for this position will be responsible for various tasks including receiving products, stocking and delivering materials, shipping product, providing shipping quotes, and entering related data into our ERP system. This full-time position reports to the Manager, Operations. Responsibilities Include: Help organize layout, location and movement of materials Ability to receive inventory and enter data into ERP system in timely fashion assuring minimal delays Inspects incoming materials and works with buyer on incorrect parts sent or damages Place all parts into assigned locations, making sure old parts are used first (FIFO Rule) Delivers incoming receipts to appropriate departments if purchased on GL account PO Assist with E&O pulls Track parts shortages and work with production on getting parts to floor Package small parts for shipping Prepare shipping log Files orders folders, warranty parts and other shipping papers Insure that all products received have no shipping defects and include correct documentation to match to appropriate Purchase Order. Insure all shipments are labeled properly. Obtain quotes for best cost of shipment and freight carriers. Provide backup support to Inventory Clerk i.e. kit pulls, stocking and inventory controls. Skills and Abilities: Computer Literate in MS Office and Outlook Familiar with FedEx and UPS software Ability to learn and effectively use different software programs and ERP systems, preferably Intuitive. Ability to apply mathematic concepts to calculate shipping costs Ability to count parts received and verify accuracy of materials coming into BOXX. Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business procedures and practices Ability to write emails to co-workers, managers and vendors and to write general business correspondence Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from managers, vendors, and employees. Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited information exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram or schedule form. Position Requirements: High school diploma or GED equivalent 5+ years in warehouse or manufacturing environment performing tasks related to shipping and receiving of products. International shipping compliance knowledge and ability to provide customs, the proper documentation to prevent delays Must be able to move, lift, pull, or push up to or over 25 pounds and be able to assist coworkers in lifting items of awkward size or weight BOXX Technologies Offers: Game room, fresh popcorn & Keurig coffees daily; donuts every Friday, as well as various teambuilding events, fund raisers, and just plain fun throughout the year. Industry competitive base salary and quarterly bonus potential Various group insurance choices, matching 401(k) plan, and paid vacation, personal and sick leave plans. About BOXX: BOXX is the leading innovator of high-performance workstations and rendering systems for visual effects, animation, product design, engineering, architectural visualization, deep learning, artificial intelligence, and more. Combining record-setting performance, speed, and reliability with unparalleled industry knowledge, BOXX is the trusted choice for creative professionals worldwide. Here's YOUR opportunity to capitalize on a genuine career opportunity! If you are a motivated, high energy individual who is looking to take the next step in your career, please submit resume with salary requirements via the link provided. Apply Now: http://besthire1.com/shipping-receiving-clerk-25