As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For a complete description of our benefits for this position, please visit our website, click here. As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for five consecutive years. The UW Autism Center currently has an outstanding opportunity for a Research Study Assistant. This individual will perform various research- related functions in support of the Infant Brain Imaging Study (IBIS) at the University of Washington Autism Center (UWAC). This is a 2 year, full-time position, with the possibility for longer commitment, as funding permits. This position will be located at the Center on Human Development and Disability (CHDD). DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS The research study assistant will, under supervision, recruit, screen, schedule, and conduct interviews for IBIS. The RSA will also monitor study progress and assist with gathering and compiling data, data entry, and day-to- day study operations. The RSA will work directly with individuals with and without Autism Spectrum Disorders and their families. The RSA will also work amongst a team of professionals, including licensed psychologists, graduate students, technical support staff, research coordinators, and undergraduate assistants/volunteers. TYPICAL WORK Serve as primary contact with study participants; explain purpose of research study and protocols; answer participants' questions regarding study protocol; Screen prospective participants; schedule participants for research visits; conduct interviews according to established protocol; Extract medical and/or behavioral information from institution or clinical records of research participants; Maintain confidentiality of subject records; Assist in recording behavior of subjects using sound and video-tape equipment; Gather, record, organize, and verify the accuracy of research study data; prepare data for computer input; enter data; set up research files and tracking database; Assist in modifying data collection forms; survey and summarize relevant literature; Review and explain consent forms, questionnaires, and surveys with prospective subjects; Inventory and order supplies; Assist in the preparation of human subjects applications, consent forms and progress reports for institutional review board; Interview and direct the work of assigned staff (e.g., undergraduate research assistants, temporary study assistants) including orientation to lab protocols and assigning duties (recording sessions, assisting with sessions, data entry/preparation); Perform related duties as required; Requirements: Two years of college-level course work in a relevant academic area AND one year of appropriate experience OR equivalent education/experience. Desired: Comfortable interacting with children and individuals with disabilities. Willing to work flexible hours and some weekends. Excellent organizational, problem-solving and time management skills. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Quick learner. Ability to multi-task and work in fast- paced environment. Knowledge about autism and early development. Proficient in Microsoft Word and Excel.