What does a Best Buy Store Phone Operator do? Best Buy Store Phone Operator excels at providing over-the-phone support, while maintaining close working relationships with neighboring stores. They accumulate the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self-development. The Best Buy Store Phone Operator provides fast and friendly over-the-phone support for all customers. Develops strong rapport with the customer while becoming a trusted advisor and partner in assisting them in making technology more functional in their lives. Represents and partners with surrounding locations to ensure the customer's needs are met and that no customer is left unserved or underserved. Utilizes relevant resources to assist customers in answering questions or resolving their issues. Job responsibilities include: Engage the customer using soft skills while solving issues, providing solutions, and customer support over the phone. Use cross-functional company resources and tools to meet customer needs. Understand basic Checkout, Customer Service (Price Match, Returns/Exchanges) and Store Pickup processes as outlined in SOP and policies listed on BestBuy.com. Ability to speak to weekly/daily promotions and offers. Maintain a knowledgeable partnership with nearby retail locations and associates. Accountable for driving positive customer feedback (NPS) survey results. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Store Phone Operator? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.