Wayfair is seeking a relentlessly curious, solutions-oriented Manager to join our rapidly growing B2C Sales Innovation team. Our Sales Innovation team plays a leadership role in developing innovative technologies and processes that enable new sales experiences and exponential revenue growth. This team sits at the nexus of business, process, and technology and plays a critical role in Wayfair’s growth and success. The Sales Innovation team is responsible for accelerating revenue growth by designing and enabling the best sales experiences for both the customer and the sales agent. Wayfair’s inside sales team is comprised of product experts and sales agents who help our B2C customers select and purchase more complex, design-heavy, or technically sophisticated products from our ever-expanding assortment. As a member of the Sales Innovation team, you will own identifying strategic opportunities to improve, elevate and execute on the end-to-end experiences of key customer journeys. The Business Lead role is highly cross-functional, working closely with Sales leadership, Product Management, and Data Science to grow the B2C sales channel. What you will do: Convey innovative ideas that question the status quo and demonstrate significant return on investment. Be solution oriented and able to take an ambiguous idea and formulate sound decision making by using business rational and data. Develop fact-based, data-driven measurements of business performance in collaboration with the business owners. Work closely with inside sales teams on delivery success, process improvements and solving challenges Own the people, process, and technology enablement of the end-to-end B2C sales experience Work with category managers and marketing to ensure alignment Partner with product management to think critically about technology and process-enablement of B2C Sales Who you are: Strong, clear communicator, especially in ambiguous environments, with demonstrated relationship management experience A self-starter, enjoy fast-pace, collaborative, positive, people-oriented, and enthusiastic Comfortable building scalable technology enabled processes from scratch, and managing implementing those solutions. Have a proven track record in taking ownership to deliver results within a fast-paced environment Willing to dive deep to obtain a strong understanding of business processes and bottom line goals Analytical, creative, and innovative approach to solving problems 5 + years of experience demonstrating product/project management and driving results in process improvement capacity, management consulting, or equivalent Product Management Experience in building and implementing call center technology tools a plus About Sales and Service at Wayfair The Sales and Service team is responsible for using our knowledge of the customer to deliver exceptional service and positive shopping experiences across phone, chat, social media, and other customer engagement channels. Our footprint is global with teams in Utah, Texas, Maine, Massachusetts, Ireland, UK, and Germany. Sales and Service leadership team members are equal parts general manager and innovator. We write our own playbook for success and work cross functionally with everyone from Engineering and Product to Merchandising and Category Management. We pride ourselves on delivering world-class pre- and post-sales support while always raising the bar for ourselves and the industry. About Wayfair Inc. Wayfair believes everyone should live in a home they love. Through technology and innovation, Wayfair makes it possible for shoppers to quickly and easily find exactly what they want from a selection of more than 10 million items across home furnishings, décor, home improvement, housewares and more. Committed to delighting its customers every step of the way, Wayfair is reinventing the way people shop for their homes – from product discovery to final delivery. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair, an online destination for all things home Joss & Main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings AllModern, unbelievable prices on everything modern Birch Lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor Perigold, unparalleled access to the finest home décor and furnishings Wayfair generated $4.7 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2017. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 7,700 people.