_Associate Information Security Analyst_ Brooksource is searching for an Associate Information Security Analyst for one of one of our global hospitality clients located in Phoenix, AZ for a 6-month contract to hire. This is the ideal opportunity for a candidate with 1-3 years of experience to quickly make a tangible impact with their IT Security Group. Under the direction of the Director of Information Security and Director of Security, Risk & Compliance, the Information Security Analyst is responsible for security event monitoring and incident detection tasks within the organization. Daily you will perform: Splunk SIEM Solution managing, alerting and use Malware investigation and analysis Tripwire integrity checks: calculates and stores signatures of file permissions, ownership and contents PCI compliance support Certificate management Incident handling Skillset: Knowledge of intrusion detection methodologies and techniques for detecting host and network-based intrusion via intrusion detection technologies. Knowledge of different classes of attacks (e.g., passive, active, insider, close-in, distribution). Knowledge of what constitutes a network attack and the relationship to both threats and vulnerabilities. Knowledge of general attack stages (e.g., foot printing and scanning, enumeration, gaining access, escalation or privileges, maintaining access, network exploitation, covering tracks). Basic knowledge of how traffic flows across the network (TCP/IP), and network protocols (TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS), and Virtual Private network (VPN) security. Basic knowledge of cyber defense policies, procedures, and regulations. Environment: (Direct report): Reporting directly to the Director of IT Security (Team size): 10+ (Company size): Enterprise & Global (Hours): Regular 8-5 M-F (Dress code): Business casual (Technical Environment): o J2EE & Java o Spring o SonarQube for static analysis o Vericode for dynamic scan o Burp suite for web proxy analysis (Location): Deer Valley, AZ Qualities of a Top Candidate: (Top characteristic): Strong communicator who can come in at the associate level to learn and energize senior team members with new ideas and creative solutions. Ability to eagerly seize responsibility, ownership, and initiative for assigned tasks. (Can't miss quality): Ability to embody poise, presence, and personal integrity expected of an industry professional (Technical skills): CompTIA Security+ (Soft Skills): Ability to present ideas in a professional manner Benefits of working with Brooksource: Constant communication and updates with your Brooksource Recruiter. Every 48 hours you will get a personal update on where you stand in the process No games or tricks. We believe in a direct, honest and transparent recruiting process Intelligent conversations, our recruiters are technically trained and have complete understanding of the technical aspects of the positions