The Sr. Technical Specialist will monitor tickets for severity and impact; research and design short-term and long-term solutions; develop and deploy complex software solutions; troubleshoot complex support issues; monitor issues for trends, and convert tickets to projects when required; ensure delivery of a quality software solutions; and provide technical leadership to the triage support team members. This role will be responsible to continually drive software improvements and ensure seamless support of our customers. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: Respond to issues in accordance with established Standard Operating Procedures and Service Level Agreements Communicate proactively with Business Units to assess issues and provide periodic status updates, both short-term and long-term Perform assessment analysis to identify scope of problems and escalate recurring issues to management Support Problem Management calls; provide technical guidance/assistance to research issues as required and participate on escalations and issue resolution teams to address chronic, priority issues Proactively monitor Business Unit error logs and resolve issues as required Mentor team members in problem resolution for individual tickets and monitor team members’ software changes and testing processes Provide input into optimal approach to a set of business problems and provide technological solutions which improve operating results Contribute specific knowledge to team members’ project plans ensuring consistency with the direction of the business Maintain proficiency in Q-Suite product expertise and serve as an internal consultant in multiple Q-Suite applications and functionalities Keep abreast of the new Quest Diagnostics technologies and organizational impact Represent Q-Suite Support in Technical Code Reviews, Software Implementation Reviews, and Emergency Fix Reviews Demonstrate ability to communicate effectively with all levels, including customers, technical personnel and management. JOB REQUIREMENTS: Education Preferred: BS/BA degree in Computer Science/Information Systems or related field, or equivalent combination of education and work experience Work Experience: 10 years M/Cache development experience 3 to 5 years Customer Service experience Preferred - 10+ years healthcare development experience Preferred – 2+ years Object-oriented development Preferred – Excellent knowledge of laboratory operations Other: Excellent program debugging and proficiency in troubleshooting production issues Excellent knowledge of laboratory operations Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Excellent organizational, time management, customer service and prioritization skills Excellent knowledge of and proficiency in the software development lifecycle phases, project management, process management and change management After hours and rotational weekend/holiday support as required COMPETENCIES: The successful candidate should demonstrate our core competencies of Focus on Customer Seeks to understand and meet the needs and expectations of customers in a manner that provides customer satisfaction and loyalty. Starts with the customer experience and works backwards to the technology. Familiar with design thinking methodology. Know the Business Uses knowledge of Quest’s key customer groups and needs, markets, business operations, performance trends and emerging issues and digital trends to inform short and longer-term focus. Collaborate with Others Able to work with others to achieve business priorities. Approaches others with a positive attitude toward achieving common goals. Treats others with respect and values the contributions of others. Promotes Strategic Alignment Collects, analyzes and leverages the broader market and competitor trends to set and communicate strategy and ensure alignment of all core business processes. Digital Dexterity Fluent in modern digital technologies such as cloud, mobility, apps, social media and networking, information, and usability. Able to use technologies in unique, highly innovative ways to better serve customers. Adaptability Responds effectively to changing environments. Able to foresee and change before the need to change arises. Keeps pace with relevant, leading edge technology, sees change as an opportunity. Digital Mindset: The candidate should also support our desire to move our HTAS organization to a digital mindset. This should include shifting from a traditional mindset to digital with emphasis on: Innovation Collaboration High Skilled workforce Familiarity with Cloud, Mobile applications Ensuring our users experience is mission critical Supporting Agile and agility within our development and operations.