C3 IoT has an opening for a Forward Deployed Engineer to work with our customers to solve their specific business problems using the C3IoT platform. You will be required to design and implement advanced application solutions, deploy existing C3 IoT product suite applications, and build new cutting-edge tools on C3 IoT platform. The C3 IoT product suite is entirely data-driven, so a great candidate will have a passion for acquiring, analyzing, and transforming data to generate insight. This role is very hands-on and requires a perfect combination of “big picture”, solution-oriented mindset and solid implementation skills. Key Responsibilities: Engage directly with customers to design and develop applications & solutions based on the C3IoT platform. Become an expert in the C3 IoT platform and associated Tools to enable and assist C3 customers to build their own applications Perform debugging, troubleshooting, modifications and unit testing of applications and solutions. Assess technical risks and come up with mitigation strategies Develop new specs, documentation, participate in the development of technical procedures and user support guides Required Skills & Experience: Minimum of Bachelor degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering; advanced degree preferred Minimum of 2 years work experience building enterprise applications Personable, professional and collaborative Demonstrated proficiency with JavaScript Working knowledge of Agile Software development methodology Experience in working with customers to develop or deploy new business solutions Experience with relational databases (any vendor) Experience with development or implementation of enterprise and/or cloud software Solid understanding of concepts of cloud computing PaaS, SaaS and business intelligence/analytics implementation experience is a plus Domain expertise in certain key industries (Oil & Gas, Financial Services, Telecommunications, Discrete Manufacturing, Healthcare, Public Sector etc) is a plus. Proficiency in data integration/ETL technologies, such as Tibco is a plus Strong organizational and troubleshooting skills with attention to detail Strong analytical ability, judgment and problem analysis techniques Interpersonal skills with the ability to work effectively in a cross-functional team C3 IoT is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected characteristics, including disabled and veteran status. Please let us know if you have a disability that requires an accommodation.