Job Summary: This position is responsible for the overall management of Community Health Plan of Washington’s program and staff to investigate and address member health care safety concerns including potential quality issues and related categories of serious reportable adverse events (SRAEs,) critical incidents, health care acquired conditions and provider-preventable conditions in compliance with state and federal regulations. This position will lead the Quality department’s process improvement and data quality projects through direct involvement, staff supervision and mentorship, in collaboration with quality leaders and other departments. Essential Functions: Maintain, develop and continually improve the member quality and safety management functions for the health plan including measurement, monitoring and improvement, evaluation. Escalate concerns, effectively and appropriately to medical directors, behavioral health specialists, regulatory agencies and leadership. Engage quality department teams, other divisions and departments interfacing with quality concerns and healthcare safety issues in coordinated and reliable processes. Effectively engage the quality governance structure to drive improvement and address quality concerns relating to health plan membership, external providers or systematic quality improvement needs. Effectively participate in the Quality Department leadership team Contributes to the achievement of annual quality targets and objectives through data analysis and metrics; program implementation, process improvements and through understanding and partnering with key stakeholders. Using data and trending, identify opportunities of improvement (OFIs) to initiate, gain sponsorship and implement quality improvement efforts Oversees preparation of monthly quality concerns and safety report with analysis of various issues, needed improvement efforts and effectiveness of those efforts Performs, or directs and oversees, the program accuracy and regulatory requirement auditing. Promotes data quality and timeliness of resolution of quality-related issues for which the department and division are responsible, including tracking issues handed off to other divisions, functional work areas. Institute processes for data quality integrity and quality data alignment with the analysis and measurement team, member and provider quality improvement teams, information management teams and subject matter experts. Manage staff, including coaching direct employees for optimal performance, creating job descriptions and workflows, recruiting team members, and using the employee performance management system as indicated. Ensure adequate staffing for regulated, required activities. Exempt – Employees are expected to report to work as scheduled, participate in all assigned meetings, and meet established performance and accountability standards. Other duties as assigned. Essential functions listed are not necessarily exhaustive and may be revised by the employer, at its sole discretion. Qualifications: Education Bachelor’s degree in related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and highly relevant experience required. License, Certifications, and other Specialized Training Certified Professional in Healthcare Quality (CPHQ), or Health Information Management (HIM) certification or education, or Lean/Process Improvement certification preferred. Clinical licensure (e.g., RN, LPN, MSW, LMHC) preferred. Experience Minimum two years of experience working in a regulated environment, preferably in health care. Minimum of two years of experience coaching or instructing individuals or teams. Minimum of one year of experience in deploying process improvements using Lean methodology or other process improvement tools and methods. Supervisory experience preferred. Prior experience in data analysis and performance monitoring reporting and/or clinical informatics preferred. Prior experience in patient safety or in customer service preferred Prior experience in working in a matrixed environment preferred Employment Eligibility Complete and successfully pass a criminal background check Has not been sanctioned or excluded from participation in federal or state healthcare programs by a federal or state law enforcement, regulatory, or licensing agency Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Ability to contribute to the development of annual quality targets and objectives through data analysis and metrics. Ability to analyze trends of data to inform and implement program changes and to evaluate program effectiveness. Ability to design and implement process improvements through quality and change management methodologies and through partnership with key stakeholders. Knowledge of healthcare patient safety or health plan member safety or customer complaint management. Knowledge of medical terminology and exposure to health information management frameworks. Knowledge of or exposure to industry-standard quality metrics in health plan or healthcare settings. Excellent communication skills both orally and in writing and ability to tailor communications to specific audiences. Proficiency in M/S Suite of tools including Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook and exposure to SharePoint and Visio. SENSORY/PHYSICAL/MENTAL REQUIREMENTS Sensory : Speaking, hearing, near vision, far vision, depth perception, peripheral vision, touch, smell, and balance. Physical : Extended periods of sitting, computer use, talking and possibly standing Simple grasp, firm grasp, fine manipulation, pinch, finger dexterity, supination/pronation, wrist flexion Frequent torso/back static position; occasional stooping, bending and twisting Some kneeling, pushing, pulling, lifting and carrying (not over 25 pounds), twisting and reaching Mental : Must have the ability to learn and prioritize multiple tasks within the scope and guidelines of the position and its applicable licensure requirements, many requiring extremely complex cognitive capabilities. Must be able to manage conflict, communicate effectively and meet time-sensitive deadlines. WORK ENVIRONMENT Office environment with frequent environmental exposure to low-grade radiation from computer monitors; fast paced with frequent interruptions. PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION (PHI) ACCESS All information (written, verbal, electronic, etc.) that an employee encounters while working at CHPW is considered confidential. CHPW employees may encounter protected health information in the regular course of their work at and for CHPW. This position may be exposed to and required to deal with highly confidential and sensitive material and must adhere to CHPW policies, guidelines, and all applicable laws and regulations at all times. _Candidates whose disabilities make them unable to meet these requirements are considered fully qualified if they can perform the essential functions of the job with reasonable accommodation._ _This job description is intended to describe the general content and the requirements for satisfactory performance in this position. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of the duties, responsibilities or requirements of this position._ _Community Health Plan of Washington is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any actual or perceived protected characteristic or other unlawful consideration._