Join Tubi and reinvent the way consumers consume movies and TV! With over 7,500 active movies & TV shows, our users are watching millions of hours of the world's largest free catalog of premium content per month. With backing from leading VC firms, and content partners like MGM, Paramount and Lionsgate, we are disrupting the streaming media space. As a top ad-supported video on demand streaming service, Tubi offers the most personalized experiences for our users. This is achieved through our efforts in leveraging data science and machine learning to solve problems around recommendations, ad timing and matching, search, homepage design, and content valuation. About the role: We are searching for a talented and passionate Machine Learning Engineer to join our team! In this Machine Learning Engineering role, you will work closely with product engineering teams and data scientists to tackle problems in personalization, content discovery, search, advertising and content production. Some of the challenges you will take on will include streamlining feature engineering, helping data scientists take machine learning models in production and enabling data science research and analysis even amongst non- scientists in the company. Your background: 3+ years in a Machine Learning/Advanced Analytics environment pushing production-level code BS, MSc or PhD in Computer Science, Operations Research, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics or related field Industry experience in a data related role Hands on experience or large scale academic projects on recommender systems, reinforcement learning, contextual bandits, RNNs (LSTM, GRU, etc), non-linear optimization, learning to rank Experience writing production quality code in Python and/or Scala Previous experience with Apache Spark or other distributed computing frameworks What you’ll be doing: Use collaborative filtering and different dimensionality reduction methods Train and test supervised and unsupervised models for several different tasks, anywhere from logistic regression to neural net learning, or clustering methods Develop both machine learning and business specific metrics Write scripts to prototype ideas and take them to production Use NLP to enhance search and linear programming for revenue optimization Benefits: A tight-knit team of passionate people and a tech-first business Autonomy and end-to-end ownership In addition to VC funding, Tubi TV generates healthy revenue We offer very competitive pay, equity, full medical, dental & vision benefits, catered lunch and dinner, and gym subsidies Your choice of hardware Work with other fellow AVOD enthusiasts Opportunity for internal growth Open PTO Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We are an E-Verify company.