The San Francisco Symphony is seeking a Senior Systems Administrator to architect and manage its IT infrastructure, cyber security and network. The Systems Administrator will work as a member of the IT team with responsibility for overall management, support and planning of the backend IT infrastructure. This will include network maintenance, design, upgrades and troubleshooting (ethernet and fiber LAN/WAN), system upgrades, data backup protection and storage, supporting migration to the Cloud, maintaining a SAN, NAS and AWS-Glacier infrastructure, security reviews, maintain PCI security certification and server patching/remediation in a hybrid Mac/Windows environment. Applicant must have the experience, technical breath and confidence to act independently to maintain and support complex mission critical systems. Responsibilities: Availability and reliability of our network. Designing and maintaining VLANS, subnets, firewall rules, LAN, WLAN, wireless networks, telephony as well as maintaining and updating networking hardware including fiber and ethernet switches, AP’s and firewalls. (CISCO, Meraki, Fortinet, HP, Brocade) Troubleshoot and maintain an IP based telephony infrastructure (VOIP) Responsible for Cyber Security in a PCI compliant organization, maintaining and monitoring a robust security framework, including endpoint security software, policies & procedures, and firewall rules First responder, primary coordinator and point of contact in the event of outages, breaches, or other mission critical emergencies relating to our IT infrastructure any time of the day or night 24/7 Responsible for Backup and recovery for all the Symphonies information assets Designing and maintaining GPO for the organization Responsibility for Active Directory and domain related technology including DNS, DHCP, DFS, LDAP Responsibility for e-commerce backend services running IIS SSL certificates (both external and internal), including our domain certificate server Exchange maintenance and updates SAN configuration and maintenance VMware environment design maintenance and upgrades, include HA and provisioning DocuSign Envelope ID: B1D29496-78C9-40A8-BEA2-10947229DE23 Manages, maintains and improves production Windows Servers (including performance monitoring, backup and recovery management and documentation) as well as other production servers in a mission critical e-commerce environment (IIS) Maintenance and coordination of our cloud infrastructure including Azure, Office 365, and Amazon S3 and Glacier Server and Desktop System updates (patches, window updates and OS upgrades) Work with the CIO in designing and configuring the IT infrastructure of the Symphony Perform other responsibilities and duties as assigned Requirements: Minimum 5 years’ experience in a System Administrator role  Hands on Cisco network administration (site-to-site VPN, Catalyst switches, firewall configuration)  In-Depth knowledge of TCP/IP, Switching, Routing, LAN/WAN/VLAN, DNS, DHCP, VPN  Experience designing network architecture  Minimum Operating System Experience: Windows Server 2008, and Windows 8  Experience maintaining and configuring Exchange Servers and Spam filtering software  In-Depth knowledge and experience maintaining and configuring a Wi-fi WLAN environment.  In-Depth knowledge and experience maintaining and configuring end-point security software.  In-Depth knowledge and Experience maintaining and configuring VMware DRS, HA, vMotion, Fault Tolerance and vSphere Replication  Experience supporting enterprise storage solutions (SAN/NAS) with VMware vSphere/production host servers  Experience with SSO  Working knowledge of SQL server 2008/2104, Exchange Server 2010/MS365, IIS, and some scripting languages preferred  Experience with AWS, S3 & Glacier preferred  Experience with Fortinet firewall preferred  Experience in Design/Architecture of a hybrid cloud solutions is a plus  Certifications a plus: CCNA, MSCE, VCP, AWS DocuSign Envelope ID: B1D29496-78C9-40A8-BEA2-10947229DE23 APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS To apply, please visit our website at www.sfsymphony.org. Under the About Us tab, go to the Careers and Auditions page and click on “View jobs at the SF Symphony.” Search for this job and click on “Apply for this Position” to submit your resume and cover letter. ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE The San Francisco Symphony, under Music Director Michael Tilson Thomas, is one of the country’s leading orchestras. Some 220 concerts each year reach an audience of over 600,000, while national and international broadcasts, heard on more than 215 radio stations, reach millions more. The Symphony has its own recording label, SFS Media, and its recordings have won some of the world’s highest honors. Its multimedia initiative, Keeping Score, has reached over six million people with television and radio broadcasts, DVDs, and an interactive Web site. The Orchestra tours extensively throughout Europe, Asia, and the United States, and its outstanding artistic reputation enables it to attract the world’s finest guest artists and conductors to Davies Symphony Hall. Over 70,000 young people are served each year by the Symphony’s numerous education programs, including its internationally renowned Youth Orchestra and Adventures in Music (AIM), which reaches every 1st through 5th grader in San Francisco’s public schools. The organization is led by President Sakurako Fisher and Executive Director Mark Hanson. The San Francisco Symphony’s mission is to set the highest possible standard for excellence in musical performance at home and around the world; enrich, serve, and shape cultural life throughout the spectrum of Bay Area communities; and maintain financial stability and gain public recognition as a means of ensuring its ability to fulfill its mission. The San Francisco Symphony is an Equal Opportunity Employer.