The Central Texas Food Bank is working hard to close the hunger gap and we want you to join us! Our mission is “to nourish hungry people and lead the community in the fight against hunger”. We are accomplishing this not only with our amazing programming and fundraising events but by hiring motivated, mission-driven employees who have the drive to end hunger. The Central Texas Food Bank (CTFB) is looking for a dynamic SR. DATA ANALYST. This is a key role on our Programs Team, providing training and support to the team and strategic program partners to ensure the highest quality and most impactful programming. We are looking for a Senior Data Analyst who can help drive business intelligence efforts and support the growth of program analytics for the CTFB. This role provides an opportunity to engage in predictive analytics to develop new or enhance current program strategies. Reporting directly to the Chief Program Officer, this position is vital for supporting organizational strategic goals including creating a system and partnerships that evaluate the short and long-term impacts of the CTFB programs on our target populations. As a SR. DATA ANALYST, you will Advance the organization’s own research, monitoring, evaluation and learning work to influence strategy. Develop, refine, and maintain monthly and quarterly program dashboards to provide updates on work, outputs, and outcomes Develop and tailor tools/methodologies to gather and analyze data from program activities to support learning and strategy development Identify and implement a strategy and internal technology system for program management and evaluation, the capture of client data, and the tracking of client outputs for short and long-term outcomes Identify appropriate external data, partners and/or technology solutions that may assist in strengthening CTFB’s data collection and data analysis capacity including funding, outside expertise, tech capacity, data mapping, or other resources Partner with the Programs team to refine internal processes for data collection and tracking Use data to create models that depict trends in the client base and the overall client population Work with departmental managers to outline the specific data needs for each program/project Build academic institution partnerships to support our Mission Support CTFB community/initiative partnerships to achieve broader community-level impact Contribute to internal data capacity and needs assessment Assist in building a data sharing culture You are a great candidate if you have 3-5+ years of demonstrable impact in a data analyst role Bachelor’s degree in math, statistics, computer science, or other related fields. Ability to use written and verbal communication skills to easily translate data into understandable documents, communicate complex ideas and present data. Strong data management, analytical, math, and critical thinking skills Ability to work with limited supervision and high levels of initiative Demonstrated ability to build relationships, influence others and offer a strategic perspective Strong interpersonal skills and a patient, customer service demeanor Strong project management and organizational skills Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel and other data tracking tools Experience working in a face-paced environment with flexibility and poise Experience with qualitative and quantitative analysis Demonstrated experience working with large amounts of data: facts, figures, and number crunching Ability to organize and manage multiple projects under aggressive timelines Previous experience working with online data tracking systems and/or database management Strong attention to detail Bonus points for Master’s degree in fields such as math, statistics, computer science, or other related fields. Experience in logic models, applied research, policy analysis, organizational learning, program design and evaluation Experience with data analysis software such as Tableau Ability to create infographics, data visualization, and statistical graphics Knowledge of food insecurity, federal feeding programs, health, and nutrition programming a plus