ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Provides for review, recommendation and assistance in implementing changes to Microsoft Enterprise Active Directory, Exchange or VMWare Consistently exhibits behavior and communication skills that demonstrate commitment to superior customer service, including quality, care and concern with each and every internal and external customer. Provides high-level technical assistance to all server & storage support, desktop support, network support and telecommunications technicians and users. Performs System Administration on Citrix XenApp, VMware vSphere, Microsoft Enterprise Active Directory and Microsoft Exchange messaging servers. Develops documentation to support ongoing maintenance and specific problem resolution. Leads and assists the successful completion of IT projects and tasks. Works with end-users to improve their ability to utilize system capabilities. Determines problems and develops appropriate solutions. Identify, architect and lead the upgrades and replacement of core IS infrastructure such as domain controllers, virtualized environments, backup solutions, file servers and core storage systems. Works with and coordinates appropriate IS staff to implement solutions which will meet or exceed customer expectations. Coordinates users, internal IS resources and external vendors as needed on application and hardware upgrades or installations. Develops test plans and assists with application, hardware and systems testing as needed. Responds accordingly to reports of trouble as presented by company Support Desks (includes data, desktop and telecommunications issues). Performs additional duties as assigned. EDUCATION: Bachelor’s degree from a four-year college and/or a professional certification requiring formal education beyond a two-year college preferred. EXPERIENCE: Minimum: Over 7 years of experience in the field or related area. Expert level skills managing enterprise Microsoft Active Directory environment with multiple domains. Expert level skills managing and configuring Microsoft domain services such as DNS, DHCP, replication, certificate authority, etc. Strong skills with current versions of Citrix XenApp. Strong working knowledge of VMware vSphere. Strong working knowledge of Exchange Server 2010/2013/2016 Preferred: 10+ years of experience in the field designing and troubleshooting, server, storage, network and desktop issues. Experience with network design, implementation, monitoring and administration. Experience with Microsoft Windows 7/8/10 desktop and Microsoft Office 2007/2010/2013 implementations Familiar with standard concepts, best practices and procedures within the IT field such as those proposed by ITIL.