The City of Phoenix is seeking an experienced, analytical, and motivated individual to harness the power of data to deliver efficient city services, help implement better business solutions and improve the quality of life for residents. Phoenix, the 5th largest city in the nation, is looking for a Deputy Chief Information Officer (DCIO) for Data and Information Management. This individual will be the champion for data integration and management, governance, and analytics initiatives. This individual must be able to determine the City’s current data quality and maturity levels, and implement proactive improvement processes. This position will be required to understand the available database administration technologies (data analytics, open data, data processing, large data, and data mining), while also understanding the business operations to determine what information should be used to provide the best capabilities for decision-making and service to the public. The role will combine accountability and responsibility for information governance, data quality and data life cycle management, along with the utilization of data assets to create business value. The Information Technology Services Department has a clear vision of data managed as an asset and data-driven decision-making. The DCIO – Data and Information is the role primarily responsible for operationalizing that vision. In essence, managing data as an asset means improving links between siloed databases and data stores; making information/data easier to find on- line, making it easier for analysts and policy makers to quickly access and transform data into the new formats and knowledge. This role is part data strategist and adviser, part steward for improving data quality, part advocate for data sharing, part technologist, and part developer of new data products. The successful candidate will be game-changer in Phoenix’s goal to become a true innovator and a Smart City. In addition to being an innovation driver, the DCIO for Data and Information Management will also be vital in setting technology policies for the organization. This recruitment may be used by any department for any current or future vacancies over the life of the eligible list. RECRUITMENT DATES Next review of applications will occur the week of August 13, 2018. Recruitment will close when we have received a sufficient number of qualified applications. SALARY $82,035 - $131,248 annually (effective July 2, 2018). Candidates may be hired up to the low $100,000’s depending upon qualifications. In addition, the city contributes 8.5% of salary into 457/401 plans with no matching required. $3,360/annual car allowance and $1,200/annual cell phone allowance. Comprehensive Middle Manager benefits package includes: Traditional pension with employer and employee contributions, 11.5 paid holidays, 12 vacation days, 15 sick days, free bus/light rail pass, tuition reimbursement upon hire, choice of Blue Cross/Blue Shield or Cigna HMO, PPO. For more details, visit: Middle Manager Benefits Package Category 009 JOB REQUIREMENTS Five years of professional-level experience in the Information Technology field, such as business application support, enterprise systems support, enterprise service delivery management, GIS, project management, strategic planning, enterprise security, web-based technologies, data center management, telecommunications, and data networking. Two years of experience supervising professional and technical staff. A Bachelor's degree in Business or Public Administration, Computer Science, or a related field. An equivalent combination of related experience and education may be considered. Only the highest qualified may will be posted to the eligible to hire list. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS – The job requirements listed above, plus: Three years of leadership experience in managing multiple, large cross-functional teams or projects, and influencing senior level management and key stakeholders Demonstrated experience managing teams and building relationships with people at a variety of levels and the ability to launch and deliver one or more IT project(s), process(s), or service(s) on time and within budget. Professional certifications related to data and information management, such as: MCITP: Database Administrator 2008; MCTS: SQL Server 2008 - BI Development and Maintenance; Oracle Database 11g Administrator Certified Associate; Oracle Database 11g Administrator Certified Professional; Data Science EMC Proven Professional; IBM Cognos Business Intelligence certifications; Apache Hadoop certifications; SAS Certified Predictive Modeler SAS Certified Statistical Business Analyst; and/or SAS Certified BI Content Developer. Experience in creating and managing an enterprise data strategy Experience working with organizational data owners to support open data and open reporting to both the organization, partner agencies and the public Experience owning and managing extensive data repositories to improve organizational data driven decision making Experience articulating ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences. HOW TO APPLY Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. During the online application process, you will need to provide responses to the several open and closed-ended questions (the system allows copying/pasting into the answer fields for open-ended questions). Only online applications are accepted for this position. The results of the resume screening process will be sent to your primary email address. WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW All finalists for positions are subject to a criminal background check applicable to the department or position. For other important information related to employment with the City of Phoenix, please visit: https://www.phoenix.gov/hrsite/Documents/Talent-Acquisition/Employment-Information.pdf If you need assistance applying for this job, please contact our HR Connection Center at (602) 495-5700. REFERENCE Deputy Chief Information Officer, JC: 09960, ID 27797, 06/25/18, 6 mos, PO, Benefits: MM, Q, City of Phoenix is an equal opportunity employer; our employees demonstrate superior seamless customer service, integrity, and commitment to innovation, efficiency, and fiscally responsible activity. AmeriCorps, Peace Corps, and other national service alumni who meet the required qualifications are encouraged to apply.