Overview The Pricing Team directly supports the Merchandising Department by enabling decisions that lead to greater profitability, while partnering cross- functionally across the business to execute corporate strategy. The team is responsible for strategy creation, planning and execution for the Pricing and Competitive Intelligence functions. The Strategic Pricing Analyst will execute pricing strategies that drives profitable share growth for the business. The Strategic Pricing Analyst will serve as a key member of the Pricing Team and interact with various members of the merchandising group. This position utilizes internal data analysis and external data to help drive the team to optimal pricing decisions. The Pricing Analyst uses pricing related tools and processes to optimize pricing across Sprouts. Reviews and analyzes historical data to measure results and develop future pricing and gross margin improvements. Essential Functions Provide pricing recommendations to merchants based on competitive intelligence and optimization details. Investigate quantitative and qualitative impacts of pricing strategies through post analysis in order to make recommendations to improve future events; includes review of retail adjustments, weekend sales, grand openings and holiday promotions. Review current pricing strategies and making recommendations to optimize profitability while focusing on delivery of value to the customer. Work closely with the Pricing Management in decision-making to ensure priorities are aligned with high-level organizational strategies and objectives. Ensure price changes are executed in a manner consistent with internal policies and procedures. Foster a collaborative partnership with the operations group. Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Physical Requirements Bachelor’s Degree in Economics, Finance, Computer Science or Business; MBA preferred. 3-5 years of related experience; or an acceptable combination of education and experience. Retail experience is strongly preferred. Demonstrated knowledge of advanced business reporting and the ability to draw sound business conclusions form disparate data. Experience with BI/Data Warehousing Tool (MicroStrategy/Cognos or related tool), and demonstrated advanced proficiency in Access, Excel and related Microsoft software applications. Cross functional agility, attention to detail and strong communication skills. Benefits In addition to a rewarding career, Sprouts offers a comprehensive program to help support you and your family. These programs include: Competitive pay Opportunities for career growth 15% discount for you and one other family member in your household on all purchases made at Sprouts Flexible schedules Employee Assistance Program (EAP) Eligibility requirements may apply for the following benefits: 401(K) Retirement savings plan with a generous company match Affordable benefit coverage, including medical, dental vision Pre-tax Flexible Spending Accounts for healthcare and dependent care Company paid life insurance and short-term disability coverage Why Sprouts Grow with us! If you have a passion for inspiring people and a flair for fresh food, consider applying for a job at Sprouts! With a focus on customer service, our neighborhood grocery stores offer high-quality, farm fresh produce, natural meats, plenty of scoop-your-own bulk goods and much more in a fun, friendly, old-fashioned farmer’s market setting. Come grow your career in healthy living with a fast-paced, rapidly growing company and teams that pride themselves on empowering others along their journey. MB123 _The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by people assigned to this work. This is not an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and requirements. Sprouts’ management reserves the right to amend and change duties, responsibilities, and requirements to meet business and organizational needs as necessary._