Functions as the company's expert in natural gas commercial cooking equipment; manages the execution of the day to day delivery of the Workforce Education and Training programs impacting technologies, policies and procedures for the commercial foodservice segment of customers. Manages and directs multiple projects and tasks within the department, including development of work scope, budget, schedule, and resource requirements. Daily held accountable for the safe operations of the FSEC. Develops methodologies for solving specific technical problems and leads the team.by sharing methodologies with Company personnel. Active member who represents the Company's interests on industry associations, technical teams and committees involved in regulations of industry specific codes and standards. Coordinates group sponsored research and development projects along with emerging technologies and regulated agencies. 40% manages assigned projects and tasks for the commercial foodservice segment. Leads with the technical knowledge transfer of natural gas commercial cooking and water heating technologies for this segment 25% supports the FSEC, the field operations service techs and the account executives staff with technical advice, educational training, research, and data to address operational needs of the commercial foodservice customer. 20% monitors performance of recent program implementations and make adjustments as required to achieve desired results. Works on getting new products and services into the programs 10% performs initial investigative research to develop project plans for assigned projects and tasks specific to the expertise or knowledge required for the position. Brings in new innovative projects to the team 5% performs other duties as assigned. External Qualifications: Bachelors of Science Degree - Required NAFEM and ServSafe Certifications - Required Industry Experience and Specialized Knowledge -Required Skills: Be able to quickly respond in emergency situations Be accountable for actions, decisions and results Travel required to attend project meetings and to share technical expertise at various conferences and venues