Description Southern Glazer’s Wine and Spirits is seeking candidates for a n Incentive Business Analyst opportunity in the Washington Area, based in Bellevue, Washington.Duties include but are not limited to the following: Point of contact for SGWS supplier incentives for management, employees, and suppliers. Collect, compile, and process SGWS supplier incentives on a daily basis. Update and maintain the master incentive list on company SharePoint. Maintains commissions systems and generates commission reports on time for payment. Provides technical assistance by responding to inquiries from management regarding errors, problems, or questions about reports, programs, or incentives. Accurately maintains databases. Generates reports as requested or required by management or suppliers. Extensive use of various database management systems; including but not limited to Diver, NSM, AS400, and Access. Confers with persons originating, handling, processing, or receiving incentive payments and provides recommendations as needed. Confers with management to analyze current operational procedures, identify problems, understand how data is to be summarized, and reports are to be formatted. Provides training on Diver, Business Objects, AS400, NSM, and other SGWS systems. Track sales objective data, comparing historical and current performance to determine program effectiveness. Oversees scorecard programs to ensure that information is tracked, compiled, and reported for payment on a timely basis. Analyze business trends and report to management. Maintain business composure under weight of deadlines and multiple project workloads. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: Strong analytical skills with demonstrated capabilities in Access or similar programs. Extensive experience using Microsoft products, to include Outlook, Excel, Access, Word, and PowerPoint. Ability to learn and adapt to new software/systems quickly. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, and customers. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. Ability to independently complete projects on time, producing work that is thorough, accurate, and compelling. Ability to work collaboratively with team members and management. Willingness to grow and increase aptitude. Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree preferred Job:Administrative Primary Location:United States-Washington-Bellevue Shift:Day Shift