Sr. Software Engineer (Technical Architect) needed in Philadelphia, PA and various unanticipated locations throughout the US to design and develop software systems using new technologies and tools. Gather and analyze client business requirements. Analyze and implement the overall technical vision for the project, program, or system, keeping in mind cross-functional impacts, integration across the organization and architecture rationalization. Oversee the instalation of necessary software and customize software to the client's unigue requirements. Coordinate with technical teams to insure delivery of project. Must have a Master's Degree (or foreign equivalent) in Computer Science, Engineering (any), or related field, plus two years of IT experience. One year of the two years of IT experience must include experience with DevOps CI-CD in TFS, OCR, LAR-CAR, Signal R; EZ-C, DE2, ASP.NET, C++, C. We will accept a Bachelor's Degree (or foreign equivalent) in Computer Science, Engineering (any), or related field, plus five years of progressive post-bachelor's IT experience. One year of the five years of progressive post-bachelor's IT experience must include experience with DEVOps CI-CD in TFS, OCR, LAR-CAR, SignalR; EZ-C, DE2, ASP.NET, C++, C . All experience may be acquired concurrently. Any suitable combination of education, training, or experience. Travel and relocation required. Ref: DC39; EOE; please use reference code; $104,062.00/year; 8AM to 5PM, M-F, 40 hrs./wk. Skills Required/Mandatory: DevOps CI-CD in TFS, OCR, LAR-CAR, SignalR, EZ-C, DE2 Skills Required/Nice to have: ASP/NET, C++, C Experience Required: Assignment Location (CITY): Philadelphia State: PA ADDITIONAL NOTES ABOUT DATA-CORE About Us Data-Core Systems is a provider of information technology, consulting and business process outsourcing services. We are a one-stop shop for breakthrough tech solutions, working with Fortune 1000 companies and government organizations. A proven partner with a passion for client satisfaction, we combine technology innovation, business process expertise and a global, collaborative workforce that exemplifies the future of work. Our Business Model By leveraging our extensive business and technical capabilities, infrastructure, resources, and quality processes, Data-Core Systems creates solutions that provide real returns on clients' investments. This framework supports us in forging long-term partnerships with our clients. We measure our success through increased customer satisfaction, client retention rates and value delivered. For over 25 years, Data-Core Systems has built its reputation on the timeliness, cost efficiency and quality of its projects. Our History Data-Core Systems was incorporated in 1988 as a Delaware corporation and is headquartered in Philadelphia, PA. In 2001, it added a BPO Services division, enabling the company to be a one-stop shop for clients needing IT and IT- enabled Business Processing Services from a single source. Data-Core's management staff brings hundreds of years of professional experience in IT products, consulting and BPO services to the company. Data-Core Systems belongs to the Kuljian/DC Group, a diversified multinational conglomerate that is an outgrowth of the Kuljian Corporation, founded in 1930 and also headquartered in Philadelphia. The Kuljian/DC Group performs annually projects of around $2.5 billion and is a major global engineering and construction management firm. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS What is your hiring process? How long does the process take? + May I submit my resume to Data-Core if there are no current job opening matching my qualifications? + If I applied to Data-Core but did not hear back, may I re-apply for another open position? + Does Data-Core have a Referral Policy? + What formalities do I need to complete before I join Data-Core? + Do you support relocation? + As an IT consultant, what happens when I am not deployed or allocated to a project? + Do you have Training Facilities? + Do you support certifications? + Does Data-Core have projects outside the USA? + What is your appraisal policy? + What is your career progression plan? +