The HRPP Business Analyst reports dually to the Director of Human Research Protection Program (HRPP) and the Assistant Director for Executive Vice Chancellor & Provost (EVC&P) Business Services, providing on-site support to the work of the HRPP organization and as a part of the EVC&P Business Services team. As a key member of the HRRP organization and EVC&P Business Services team, this position requires significant financial administration experience and independent judgment and plays a critical role in maintaining the financial integrity of the department by providing budget development, cost recovery support activities, ongoing financial monitoring of the units’ resources, resource plan variance monitoring, expense reporting and projections for core operating funding as well as external affiliates invoicing & payments for services provided to Gladstone, the Veterans Affairs (VA), and San Francisco Public Health Department as well as industry and international partners. HUMAN RESEARCH PROTECTION PROGRAM / EXECUTIVE VICE CHANCELLOR & PROVOST In partnership with the research community, the UCSF Human Research Protection Program (HRPP) is responsible for ensuring the ethical and equitable treatment of all human research subjects in studies being conducted at UCSF and its affiliates and partners and/or being conducted by UCSF faculty, regardless of site of activity. The HRPP is also responsible for ensuring compliance with federal regulations, state laws and institutional polices, as well as national standards. The mission of the HRPP is to promote the welfare and rights of human research participants; to facilitate excellence in human research; and to provide timely and high quality education, review and monitoring for human research projects. The Executive Vice Chancellor & Provost’s Business Services organization provides centralized financial management, strategic budget development and oversight and administrative services to the direct offices of the Chancellor (CO), Vice Chancellor for Diversity and Outreach (VCD&O) and Executive Vice Chancellor and Provost’s (EVC&P) and their subunits, departments and programs. These services include strategic & detailed budget development, financial reporting, financial transactional processing, purchasing, and reconciliations as well as access administration. HRPP, as a unit of the Associate Vice Chancellor Ethics and Compliance reporting to the Chancellor and Executive Vice Chancellor & Provost, is provided services by the EVC&P Business Services unit directly by this position. ABOUT UCSF The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences.