Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Business Analyst, Strategic Planning Pottery Barn About the Team The Strategic Planning team is new to the Pottery Barn Brands. This team leads critical in-season and pre-season business processes including reporting and forecasting. Additionally, the team works closely with internal business partners - merchandising, inventory management, marketing, finance, and the stores - to identify and implement strategies to optimize sales, inventory, and margin. We are looking for someone who is a true owner of their business and will contribute creative new ideas. We seek a candidate who loves using data to tell the story and a team player who goes above and beyond! About the Role The Strategic Planning Business Analyst will support the Director of Strategic Planning in managing projects related to tops down planning, promotional processes and pricing strategy. Pricing work includes event hind sighting, pricing effectiveness & optimization as well as business evaluation reporting. In addition to supporting improvements in reporting, tools & approaches, the Business Analyst is expected to be instrumental in the execution of analysis, the development of conclusions and the presentation of findings and recommendations. You're excited about this opportunity because you will... Provide the data analysis that will enable multiple functional areas to hit key milestones and make quality decisions on time related to promotions, markdowns, and other inventory related actions Play a key role in the coordination and improvement of the Pottery Barn promotional process including calendar management, meeting facilitation, relevant business analyses and tool improvement. Provide weekly and monthly reporting of OTB, promotions, and seasonal assortment performance to help leadership and business partners make decisions. Generate tops down forecasts with accompanying recommendations and analysis to inform markdown and promotional decisions Summarize and analyze large data sets to provide recommendations to help business leaders make decisions. Quickly and efficiently run Ad-Hoc analysis to support leadership decision making Help determine depth of discount and promotional cadence to deliver incremental sales while maintaining product margin goals. Why you will love working at Williams-Sonoma, Inc. We're a successful, fast-growing company with an entrepreneurial vibe A technologically and data-driven business Competitive salaries and comprehensive health benefits We're at the forefront of tech and retail, redefining technology for the next generation We're passionate about our internal and external clients and live/breathe the client experience We get to be creative on a daily basis A smart, experienced leadership team that wants to do it right and is open to new ideas We believe in autonomy and reward taking initiative We have fun! We're excited about you because... 2-4 years experience in a Company Planning, Merchandise Planning or Financial Analysis role. Strong technical Excel skills. SQL skills preferred but not required We're looking for someone who drives to deadlines, anticipates and addresses conflicts, negotiates well, and delivers great outcomes. Energized by complex problems and find satisfaction in solving them through a mixture of curiosity, analysis and resourcefulness. We're looking for someone who jumps in, learns quickly, and improves the team's performance. Flexibility - open to change, doing what it takes to get the best outcomes, comfortable with ambiguity and change in a fast-paced environment Good verbal and written communication skills for delivering non-technical presentations that influence business partners and upper management. Pride yourself on the quality of work and are a stickler for the details. Demonstrates self management and initiative. About Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Founded in 1956, Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is the premier specialty retailer of high-quality products for the kitchen and home in the United States. Our family of brands are Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, PBteen, West Elm, Williams-Sonoma Home, Rejuvenation, and Mark and Graham. These brands are among the best known and most respected in the industry. We offer beautifully-designed, stylish and functional products for every area of the home, including the kitchen, living room, bedroom, home office, closet, laundry room and even outdoor spaces. We've seen some big changes since our first brick-and-mortar store opened more than half of a century ago. What hasn't changed is our passion for high-quality products, functional design, outstanding customer service, and enhancing the lives of our customers and the communities where we operate. Today, we're a multi-brand, multi-channel, global enterprise supported by state-of-the-art technology and some of the most talented teams in retailing - and we're always looking for new energy and ideas. _WSI will not now or in the future commence an immigration case or "sponsor" an individual for this position (for example, H-1B or other employment-based immigration_ LI-SB1