The Seasonal Fantasy Researcher position, located at the NFL Media office in Culver City, CA reports to the Research Manager. This position is responsible for finding optimal ways to identify, compile and analyze fantasy data and other information in a fast-paced, multi-media newsroom dedicated to the coverage the National Football League. This includes supporting various departments within NFL Media Group, primarily the NFL Network and NFL.com. Accuracy is an absolute necessity within the Research department so the Fantasy Researcher must present information in simple, digestible formats. Essential Functions: Utilize broad and deep fantasy football knowledge to ensure that graphics, scripts and other editorial content are factually and statistically accurate. Develop ideas for various forms of content for studio production shows and digital media; help ensure that ideas are executed as graphics, segments and more. Work closely with on-air talent, writers and editors to ensure they have necessary information to be authoritative on all fantasy-related topics. Perform duties according to approved research standards, policies and procedures. Develop and communicate storylines for a variety of fantasy football and other studio shows. Provide real-time updates and notes for anchors in studio and for score panels. Take ownership of improving processes for accurate data analysis; understand, track and recommend changes to company's current research methods and standards. 3-5 years professional experience working with statistics or covering or analyzing sports events and news. Extensive football knowledge required. Must have expert level recall of current and historical statistics, fantasy football, news, events and milestones (football and non-football related). Must have expert-level recall of current and historical sports statistics, news, events and milestones. Must be able to communicate information accurately. Must demonstrate expert-level knowledge of fantasy football Strong grammar skills - Strong writing and editing skills are required. Must be technologically savvy with strong command of Microsoft Excel. Must be able to adhere to strict deadlines and react to breaking news. Preferred Education and Experience: Experience managing and developing a team preferred Previous NFL work experience is preferred. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled