Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Lithia Springs, GA, USA Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers. Google Data Centers (GDC) makes up one of the largest and most powerful computing infrastructures on the planet. As a Business Intelligence Program Manager, you will be part of the team to architect and implement a Master Data Management (MDM) solution to identify sources-of-truth for all the consumers of data in various business functions. This role will drive the single source of truth across multiple systems, build new data pipelines to facilitate key metrics reporting and develop solutions to enable data-driven decisions for the overall GDC business. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible. Responsibilities Architect and create data management solutions for highly complex business operations. Develop ETL/data pipelines to populate the data warehouse from a variety of custom and 3rd-party systems. Develop and optimize processes for software development, release cycles and access control. Collaborate with cross-functional program leads to build scalable and reliable technical data solutions to business/functional specifications. Partner with business functions to define and implement business metrics and KPI. Create and implement a Master Data Management strategy to ensure data quality, data governance and provide a single source-of-truth for data analysis. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: 5 years of data management experience, as a Technical Program Manager or Technical Lead. Experience with SQL, Google F1, BigQuery or other data warehousing platforms. Experience with one or more of the following programming languages: Python, Go or Java. Preferred qualifications: BSc. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math, or a related discipline, or equivalent work experience. Experience leading large cross functional teams to align and deliver technical projects. Proficiency with data analysis tools such as Spark, Hadoop, Tableau and R. Understanding of Master Data Management, ETL, data architecture and system integration. Knowledge of Data Centers, Cloud Operations, Facilities Management, Engineering and Construction. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.