As one of the largest providers of affordable housing in the Bay Area and a designated Moving To Work (MTW) agency, the award-winning Santa Clara County Housing Authority (SCCHA) is seeking talented individuals looking to make a difference in Silicon Valley. SCCHA is an independent local government agency that administers the federal Housing Choice Voucher (Section 8) program for approximately 19,000 households and manages more than 2,600 units of affordable housing in Santa Clara County. If you are looking to help solve one of the most significant problems in the Bay Area and want to be part of a collaborative, innovative organization dedicated to building a better Silicon Valley, then apply today! Housing Assistant Closing Date : OPEN UNTIL FILLED. Salary : $24.55 - $32.90 Hourly DOQ Under general supervision, performs a variety of routine to complex technical, clerical, office and program support, in the Housing Department of the Santa Clara County Housing Authority (Agency); provides information and assistance to the general public; performs related work as required. This is the entry-level class in the housing programs series. Initially, under close supervision, incumbents with basic experience and knowledge of social services programs and delivery, learn to perform the full range of duties required to ensure that the Agency’s programs, activities, and services are effective and provide the highest level of customer satisfaction to the public. As experience is gained, assignments become more varied and are performed with greater independence. Work is usually supervised while in progress and fits an established structure or pattern. Responsibilities include general office duties such as reception, filing, and data entry, as well as general program support in the areas of eligibility, lease up, occupancy, rent adjustment calculations and Housing Quality Standards (HQS) enforcement. This class is distinguished from the Housing Programs Specialist by the level of responsibility, work volume, and independent discretion and judgment assumed and the complexity of duties assigned to the Specialist classification, in addition to the assignment of caseload management responsibilities. EXAMPLES OF TYPICAL JOB FUNCTIONS: Performs a wide variety of routine to complex technical, clerical duties to support departmental operations, including setting up file folders; prepares, scans, copies, collates, and distributes a variety of files and documents; ensures proper filing of copies in departmental or central files. Screens calls, visitors, and incoming mail; responds to complaints and requests for information by directing to the appropriate individuals; assists in interpreting and applying regulations, policies, procedures, systems, rules, and precedents in response to inquiries and complaints from the public; performs reception duties as needed. Gathers, assembles, updates, and distributes a variety of department or Agency specific information, forms, records, and data as requested. Logs, tracks, maintains and updates detailed and accurate records for the waiting lists for the Section 8 Voucher program, Project Based Vouchers and the Moderate Rehabilitation Program; processes documentation for waiting list appeals; maintains accurate client, owner and rent data records. Performs data entry for an automated record keeping system; reviews information for accuracy, updates information; and handles, reviews, and secures confidential client information. REQUIREMENTS An associate degree with coursework in social work, business, or public administration, and two (2) years of experience in providing technical support to assisted housing or other social services programs. Bachelor’s degree preferred. For a detailed description of the positions essential functions, please click HERE. We offer a competitive benefits package including medical, dental and vision coverage, paid holidays, vacation and sick time, flexible spending accounts, deferred compensation, retirement, educational tuition reimbursement, and more. In addition, we operate on a 9/80 work schedule where employees have a paid day off every other Friday. (Monday through Thursday is a nine (9) hour day and the Friday that is worked is an eight (8) hour day).