Overview Axalta is a leading global company focused solely on coatings and providing customers with innovative, colorful, beautiful and sustainable solutions. From light OEM vehicles, automotive refinish and commercial vehicles to electric motors, buildings and pipelines, our coatings are designed to prevent corrosion, increase productivity and enable the materials we coat to last longer. With more than 150 years of experience in the coatings industry, the 12,000 people of Axalta continue to find ways to serve our more than 120,000 customers in 130 countries better every day with the finest coatings, application systems and technology. For more information visit axaltacoatingsystems.com and follow us @Axalta on twitter. Responsibilities The Global Enterprise Cloud Architect is responsible for overseeing Axalta’s cloud computing strategy. This includes cloud adoption plans, cloud application design, and cloud management and monitoring. It provides support to the application architecture and deployment in cloud environments - including public cloud, private cloud and hybrid cloud as applicable. Additionally, it provides consulting to the organization about latest trends and issues. Strong understanding of cloud technology and its implementation in major Cloud providers (ex. Azure, AWS and Google). Overall responsibility for managing the enterprise cloud technology infrastructure daily operations and administration. Responsible for planning, deployment, operations and support consistent with corporate standards and in collaboration with other Global IT areas. Perform installations, including, but not limited to, VMs, Databases, Network Components & Storage solutions for systems targeted to run in our Cloud subscriptions. Help to develop and expand standards and promote best practices in cloud operations and constantly evaluate our current installed environment to ensure consistency and effective cost structure. Formulate effective approaches to resolving specific issues, and keep management apprised of the status of problem resolution efforts. Work closely with internal subject matter experts and 3rd party vendors to arrive at permanent solutions in Problem Management cases related to cloud infrastructure and its inter-operability with the rest of the enterprise architecture. Ensure that vendor established SLAs are met based on agreed upon metrics. Contribute in the evaluation and negotiations of service contracts. Actively contribute to the development of effective and efficient “physical” or “virtual” datacenter infrastructure processes. Must be available for weekend and evening work when applicable due to project deadlines and maintenance windows Work on projects, completing required tasks, and meeting deadlines as assigned. Enforce strict adherence to compliance procedures and audit requirements with regards to accessibility to the cloud based infrastructure. Provide technical leadership to others, demonstrate excellent technical aptitude, able to provide technical direction to off-shore team members and other teams/departments. Perform other related duties as assigned or requested. Qualifications Bachelor degree in Computer Science or related discipline or the equivalent in education and work experience and good understanding on how enterprises use IT solutions for a wide range of purposes. Additional certifications may be desirable. 10-15 years overall IT experience including infrastructure deployment and operations as well as extensive exposure in enterprise level cloud offerings both in IaaS and PaaS. Need a solid understanding of the current and planned technical architecture, platforms and solutions that support business services, and a broad understanding of Cloud technology environments to support highly available configurations. Deep understanding of operating systems environments both in Windows and Linux. Experience with multiple programming languages (java, Python, PHP, etc.) as required to implement and configure Cloud infrastructure. Possess significant IT network/server and storage operations knowledge, including technologies involved in HA and Disaster Recovery. Strong familiarity with ITIL processes also required.