Overview The Business Analyst I, Technology will provide system and program analytical support to the Project Management Office (PMO) and ensures streamlined project completion and overall process improvement to support business analytics and lead digital transformation decisions in accordance with Holland Partner Group’s core values. _The Business Analyst I, Technology represents and promotes Holland's Core Values of Great People, Great Business, Deliver Exceptional Customer Service and Have Fun!_ Responsibilities Support the development of solutions from inception through user acceptance and provide continuity as requirements move to solutions, and solutions move to projects. Assist with hand-off of business technology projects and objectives, supporting change management and Business Technology goals. Examine existing business system data flows, evaluate system specifications for business requirements, and make recommendations for improvements. Analyze systems and/or programs to design stages, phases and modules, define timelines, then identify and resolve issues. Interpret a project’s requirements then design, test and implement the most efficient and cost-effective solutions. Collaborate with the PMO in portfolio road mapping and strategic planning. Develop and document business/functional requirements through requirement gathering sessions, business process mapping, process analysis, etc. Support ideation, troubleshooting and resolving business technology issues. Develop test cases and plans for system, unit, integration testing internally and externally. Provide creative solutions to business requirements, present options and make recommendations. Ensure consistent, streamlined communication between business unit stakeholders, Business Technology, PMO, and technical project teams Develop a gap plan strategy along with roadmap to assist in migration from current to future state. Lead discussions on alternatives analysis to facilitate the decision-making processes Seek and propose constant improvement efforts to enhance the overall PMO and Business Technology delivery capability. Represent Holland Partner Group in a professional manner always. Conform to company apparel standards and set a positive example for all Associates. Perform all other duties as directed and assist the overall team effort in any way possible. Qualifications Education : High school diploma or equivalent is required. A college degree or coursework in a related field is strongly preferred. A PMI-BA® or BABOK Certification (ECBA) is preferred. Experience : Two years’ business process analysis or data analysis experience required. Bachelor’s Degree in information technology, information services, management information systems, or related field may be considered in lieu of some experience. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required: Ability to work independently and effectively prioritize competing demands and execute tasks in a fast-paced operating environment meeting timelines, milestones, and deliverables. Demonstrated high-level of skill in both verbal and written communication, including ability to convey technical issues to non-technical individuals. Strong problem analysis and resolution skills. Effective teamwork and interpersonal skills. Detail oriented and well organized. Must be proactive, flexible, responsible, and resourceful. Familiarity with Microsoft Power BI desired but not required. Demonstrate and display honesty, integrity, and personal accountability. Ability to maintain high level of confidentiality. Strong customer service orientation. Knowledge of Information Technology systems that support Commercial Construction Projects. Knowledge of Agile delivery methodologies as well as waterfall and agile project methodologies. Exceptional skills in Microsoft Office and Visio required. Knowledge of SIPOC, ERD, BPMN Process Mapping & Data Flow Mapping. Attendance : This full-time position is exempt and requires the ability to be present and available during business hours to meet company and department needs. Additional hours or flexible schedule may be required. This position also requires: Ability to lift or move up to 20 pounds. Hearing and visual ability to observe and detect signs of emergency situations. Fluency in English both verbally and non-verbally. This is an excellent opportunity to apply your talent, vision, drive, and experience to the Holland Team.