The Quality Improvement Specialist coordinates numerous program evaluation, quality improvement and quality assurance functions within UCAN; including monitoring programs for compliance toward quality standards, implementing tools used for program and service evaluation, and organizing data collection and information analysis. The QIS is responsible for collaborating with programs staff to allow open communication and a dialogue to ensure a QI feedback loop is in place. The QIS is a support to each program to facilitate the best work of each team member whenever possible. Essential Duties & Responsibilities: Best Practices Consults and advises UCAN programs on adherence to Council on Accreditation (COA) Standards or AdvancEd Standards (Academy only). Develops and manages plans for COA/AdvancEd review preparations and maintenance. Consults and advises UCAN programs on compliance with Medicaid Rule 132 and associated contract obligations. Provides oversight of the overall Medicaid service and billing process, and the proper use of and submission to the Medicaid Billing System web-based application. Acts as liaison to external Medicaid consultants and auditors. Facilitates preparation of Medicaid reviews. Maintains familiarity with IDCFS Rules & Regulations, as well as other contractual obligations (i.e. CHA, IBSE, CPS), and acts as a resource to programs in this area. Maintains familiarity with ethical standards and mental health law, advising programs in this area. Maintains knowledge of current clinical best practices, educating programs in this area. Provide leadership in the area of program evaluation by staying abreast of developments in the field Researches current evidenced-based practices, relevant to UCAN programs. Assesses programs current practices and use of evidenced-based practices, and advises in this area. Program Monitoring, Evaluation & Outcomes Develops and manages implementation of plans for program evaluation. Designs data systems for evaluation, as needed, and oversees data analyses and interpretation of data to make recommendations. Works collaboratively WITH programs to discuss findings and make program improvements. Facilitates and leads programs in the development, use, and revision of program plans including a literature review, logic model, outcomes development and measurement plan. Maintains a system for development, review and maintenance of program plans. Leads programs in the development of annual Program Goals & Outcomes. Assists with the development of plans for measuring and tracking outcome data. Recommends improvements in evaluation questions, outcome measurement, analysis, presentation and utilization. Facilitate and discuss program monitoring and improvement with management teams through the UCAN AAA process (program monthly quality improvement review) with identified programs. Adapt individual program AAA processes to be inclusive of required outcomes, best practice standards, agency initiatives, dashboard items and program goals on an ongoing basis. Utilization Review Contributes to the development of and assists in the maintenance of all quality standards, including service provision and documentation; works with service providers to assure compliance to these standards taking into consideration agency and program needs, as well as COA, Medicaid and other contractual obligations. Collaborates with service providers on quality principles and value of meeting/exceeding quality standards; provides training to respective staff on establishing best practices. Coordinates Utilization Review processes; completes on-site reviews and provides feedback to workers regularly. Analyzes, summarizes and reports on the results of the Utilization Review and prepare quarterly reports to address trends in findings Create action plans with program teams to address deficiencies found in the Utilization Review Quarterly report and monitor results over time to ensure improvements are made. Data Management Manages data entry procedures for UCAN and affiliated Networks (TPSN/Peace Hub). Runs Profile/Evolv discrepancy reports to ensure data accuracy. Acts as a support to the agency in the use of UCAN’s information management systems, as well as other identified systems. Customer Satisfaction Develops the agency strategy for obtaining customer feedback, including surveys, focus groups and interviews. Develops and manages the administration of customer surveys, in collaboration with programs. Designs and conducts focus groups. Analyzes the results of customer feedback and reports results to the agency. Collaboration Serves as liaison between IT, Development and program to ensure needs are being met for all. Builds relationships with staff through program management through attending team meetings, providing 1:1 training (when necessary), and consultation to ensure open channels of communication. Maintains knowledge of other QI functions in the agency, and collaborates on team projects. Conducts trainings and provides program education, as identified. Serve as Project Manager and coordinate efforts amongst team members when assigned. Requirements: Education /Job Experience/Certification: BA/BS in human service field required, Master’s degree in Social Work or related field preferred. Minimum 2 years work experience in social service field required. Special Knowledge and Qualifications: Proficient with Microsoft Office applications, particularly in Excel. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Excellent decision making and analytical skills, with the ability to resolve problems and correct errors. Excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to exercise discretion and judgment in dealing with colleagues and customers. Strong multi-tasking and organizational skills, with the ability manage numerous projects simultaneously under deadline pressure. Working knowledge of COA, Medicaid or DCFS standards (depending on role) preferred. Automobile and valid Illinois driver’s license required.