As a Cadet, you will travel via Geekmobile from the precinct to our client’s home and assist with the delivery and basic installation of technology products alongside a seasoned Agent. You’ll provide our clients service that exceeds expectations by handling appointments with care, asking the right questions to enhance the client experience, and providing prompt follow up of recommendations as well as solutions. This is a great opportunity to build your career with Geek Squad by learning all about our products and services. You will also increase your skills through training and on-the-job opportunities. Key accountabilities: Perform a variety of fulfillment duties for clients in their homes including delivery, installation and networking with a primary focus on Home Theater technology Phone and in-person contact with clients to reveal diagnostic discoveries and make recommendations for protecting and defending client devices Provide timely updates to the client and store precincts Responsibly manage inventory and Geekmobile maintenance Provide feedback and training to store teams as well as assist in store stock repairs Support Geek Squad efforts to protect the world, one device at a time Basic Qualifications: Experience actively using and learning about consumer electronics Ability to work successfully as part of a team Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends 6 months consumer electronics experience (sales, operations or services) 21 years of age or more Current valid driver’s license and a clear driving record Life or maneuver 75 lb. with/without reasonable accommodation and team lift up to 150 lb. What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.