Description Title: Specialist II - Operations Job Type: Permanent Location: Philadelphia, PA Opportunity: Opportunity to join team working on diverse Managed Hosting and Advance Recovery Service Solutions. Opportunity to work at Mega Center offering all technologies, products and services in the Sungard AS catalog. Growth opportunities into technical specialties like virtualization, cloud services, network security and management. About You: This position utilizes technical skills and customer service skills at the local data center in support of our Managed Services products and services. Additionally, it supports the facility infrastructure operating at the local data center. Ensuring standard operating procedures are consistently adhered to at the local data center. These standards are established by the organization in support of our business operations and products, as well as in support of the ISO 9001:2000 Quality Management System and the Statement on Auditing Standards Number 70 (SAS/70 Type II) control objectives. In order to ensure consistency there is a need to continuously review and verify procedures exist and remain applicable. This needs to be enforced to ensure the delivery of support remains effective and the operations of the data center environment remains efficient. The dynamic nature of the customer environments being supported at the data center must remain highly available. This challenge requires the balancing of production IT requirements and the business requirements of the systems with the need to design and maintain a redundant set of infrastructure components. The operations of the infrastructure must be able to mitigate risk and ensure component failover capability is maintained. This demands the adherence to a strong Change Management policy and associated supporting procedures. Provide a consistent support level and ensure it is readily available in the data center. This is needed to ensure resources are available to provide technical assistance to a customer or to an internal support group upon request. Due to the critical nature of customer demands and the need to ensure a resource is readily available it important that requests are addressed promptly and communication is effective. Provide a clear sense of urgency in a controlled manner while supporting a fast-paced environment which requires we ensure the highest level availability. Make certain that the associated level of risk mitigation required at the time of an incident or at the time of a component failure is defined and a clear escalation path is followed (Incident and Crisis management). Responsibilities: Assist with technology installation to include securing of cabinets, racking of equipment, and cabling of devices. Assist with building Windows-based operating systems and device configuration. Assist with building Unix-based operating systems and device configuration. Provide onsite support for device troubleshooting to include power cycles/reboots, cable testing/replacement, and media handling support. Assist Sungard AS Centralized Operations/Engineering, Project Management, and Customer Service teams in support of customer requirements when engaged. Provide on-site customer service to clients while working within the data center. Provide on-site vendor support for maintenance, break/fix, and/or upgrades. Understand and follow defined standard operating procedures. Understand the data center’s infrastructure components and supporting tool set. Respond to and update tickets in accordance with department procedures. Perform written and verbal turnover of open issues/upcoming maintenance at the end of each shift. Receive and ship inventory as required. Ensure that the facility inventory is updated and accurate on a regular basis, based upon moves, adds, and changes. Perform data center walk-through during each shift to check for abnormal conditions such as unlocked cabinets/cages, unlocked PDUs, audible/visual alarms on equipment. When appropriate, escalate issues quickly and efficiently in order to solve problems within Sungard AS’s Service Level Agreement requirements. Issue problem, change, and request tickets when necessary for both Sungard AS infrastructure and customer environments. Understand the facility support systems (power, HVAC, fire detection/suppression, security); respond to alarms in accordance with department procedures. Must work holidays that fall on scheduled shifts, have the flexibility to work extra shifts as required by management. Requirements: College Degree preferred but will consider applicants with equivalent work-related experience. A+, MCSE, and/or CCNA certifications preferred or equivalent work experience. 2-3 year’s proven networking experience required. Minimum of 3 to 4 years’ experience, preferably in a data center or tech support environment. Previous data center experience an asset. 2 years’ experience in the following areas: Help Desk, Network Administration/Systems Administration, and Technical Account Management. 1-2 years’ experience configuring and installation of Windows-based operating systems; understanding of NIC teaming and persistent routes in multi-homed environment. Understanding of Unix/Linux-based operating systems. Proficient in Microsoft Office-based applications (Word, Excel); experience with Visio Preferred. 1-2 years’ experience with physical configuration and maintenance/troubleshooting of Enterprise level hardware. Required experience in Layer 1 telephony trouble shooting to include telephony troubleshooting equipment. Layer two networking skills preferred. Understanding of LAN/WAN technologies, SAN environments. Must possess strong customer service attitude and interpersonal skills. Must possess excellent written and verbal communication skills. Proven ability to execute multiple tasks efficiently and effectively. Proven ability to work effectively in a team environment. Demonstrated ability to produce quality work on a consistent basis. Demonstrated flexibility and organization. Must be a self-starter and be able to manage assigned tasks with limited management input. 2 years project management with emphasis on technical documentation Experience in tape backup methodologies to include rotations. Should be able to lift 40 lbs. Experience working in a datacenter environment to include maneuvering in narrow aisles to install/troubleshoot equipment, ability to climb a ladder and crawl under raised floor to install/troubleshoot cabling. Other: Sungard Availability Services offers a high growth environment with excellent compensation and immediate eligibility for our 401(k), health/dental insurance, educational assistance, and more. Sungard AS is an equal opportunity employer. Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran Ability to meet the physical demands of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of the background investigation and pre-employment drug screen.