Position Summary: Respond to emergency and customer service related calls for assistance in a professional and courteous manner, determining nature/urgency of calls, initiating appropriate personnel action and maintaining close contact with field staff to monitor response and needed support requirements. Essential Job Functions: Receive and respond to emergency and customer service calls from the public via telephone, radio systems and computer-aided dispatch (CAD) systems. Process and evaluate information received, prioritizes calls and dispatches required field personnel and agencies as needed. Distribute electronic communications as appropriate. Monitor parking and security systems to ensure that all equipment is operative, troubleshoot system issues, report critical alarms, and report all malfunctions. Respond to customer inquiries associated with our parking technology, rates, facilities, availability, directions, payments, parking card or visitor pass issues, and other related products or services. Assess and resolve customer issues by using effective questioning and listening skills, appropriate system applications and resources. Follow up with customers in a timely manner on issues that are not immediately resolved. Escalate customer concerns to Lead Operations Specialists or management when appropriate. Communicate with customers, peers, and management in a clear, concise, courteous, and professional manner. Document incoming calls and prepare reports as requested. Act as a liaison between customer and other departments to resolve issues. Monitor emergency and non-emergency alarms ensuring efficient and accurate communications and response. May staff the Operations Center during hurricanes, catastrophic events, or other disasters. This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. An employee will also perform other reasonably related business duties as assigned. Minimum Requirements: High School Diploma/GED required or two years of comparable experience plus required related experience may be considered in lieu of diploma. Minimum of two years related experience in a dispatch or call center environment required; security or law enforcement experience preferred. TCLEOSE Telecommunication Certificate preferred. Must possess or obtain TCIC Less Than Full Access Operator, Omnnix and TCLEOSE Basic Dispatcher certifications within the first six months of employment. Ability to effectively operate a multi-line telephone consol and multi channel radio while maintaining professional etiquette. Ability to maintain composure and interact effectively in a fast paced environment with continual interruptions. Must provide exceptional customer service. Must demonstrate effective listening and problem-solving skills. Must have effective verbal and written communications skills in English, bilingual helpful. Demonstrated ability to handle confidential information with integrity and discretion. Demonstrated ability to multitask. Must uphold TMC safety standards. Must accurately type 45 WPM. Must have the ability to work flexible schedules with varying days offs including holidays, nights, weekends and during emergencies. Must be able to navigate multiple software applications or databases concurrently. Technical/Computer Skills: Microsoft Outlook and Word required.