CollegeVine is looking for a product-focused full-stack developer to help engineer the future of guidance, mentorship, and higher education attainment. In particular, you will have engineering responsibility throughout our entire software stack and infrastructure. The right applicant for this role has experience in functional paradigms, cares about the company mission, and is discerning about engineering culture. First, our mission is to guide people to better futures, starting with the high school to college transition period. For our first act, we intend to make virtual guidance services available and affordable for all through a combination of near-peer mentorship and technology in the arena of higher education attainment. We have an unending list of interesting problems to solve: how to predict if someone will be a good mentor for a given student; how to manage tens of thousands of high-quality, ongoing human relationships simultaneously; how to ingest thousands of college applications requirements and produce an optimal plan of attack—just to name a few. Second, we are looking for candidates who wish to join an engineering organization centered around autonomy, authenticity, excellence, and pragmatism. What we expect from you You have at least five years of professional software engineering experience, and at least two years of preference for a high-level functional programming language that's used in industry, like Haskell, Clojure, OCaml, Erlang, F, or similar. You seek ownership beyond your own work, and look to the product and company as a whole. You are a self-starter and internally motivated, with a strong desire to be part of a successful team that shares your high standards. You have great written communication skills and are comfortable with making big decisions over digital presence (e.g. video chat). You have polyglot experience along several axes (dynamic/static, imperative/functional, lazy/strict, weird/not-weird). You are comfortable with modern infrastructure essentials like AWS, Heroku, Docker, CI, etc. You have basic but passable sysadmin skills. You are fluent with git. Benefits Medical, dental, and vision insurance with a generous employer contribution. Regular team dinners and company outings. A culture of mentorship. Become the near-peer mentor for one (or more!) of our consultants or program managers and be the help you wish you had when you were in college. Flexible hours with a 4-hour core - plan the rest of your workday as you wish, just give us the majority of your most creative hours. Productivity ideas: avoid traffic, never wait in line at the grocery store, wake up without an alarm clock, be around for your family. Goal-based environment (as opposed to grind-based or decree-based environment; work smarter, not harder; intelligently, not mindlessly). We collaborate on setting goals, but you set your own process for accomplishing those goals. You will be entrusted with a lot of responsibility and you might even experience fulfillment and self-actualization as a result. Join an engineering culture that celebrates mindfulness and takes the quality of your attention seriously. We don't spam our slack channels; your manager will not come tap you on the shoulder asking for pointless things; we write things down after we discuss them in person; we try to minimize meetings. Useful context We are a bunch of polyglot veteran FPers who mostly work in Haskell and PureScript. Our infrastructure and non-mission-critical tooling tends to be in whatever works best for the task at hand: sometimes that's Haskell with 34 GHC extensions; other times it's minimalist Ruby or bash—basically, it's a team decision based on whatever sits at the intersection of appropriateness, developer joy, quality, and velocity. Old-school ed-tech user experiences are not acceptable to us. Our software must impress and work for a wide audience since we serve students and their families. On any given day, your code will be run by high schoolers, college students, young professionals, guidance counselors, parents, and grandparents from all walks of life. Consider applying anyway even if you don't have professional FP experience. We will seriously consider anyone who passes our technical bar, regardless of how they got there. Please submit a cover letter. We read them carefully and it forms our first impression of you. Expect autonomy in exchange for transparency and results. Since you are well- read, curious, and self-aware, we will treat you like the awesome, interesting adult that you are. We have core hours and a goal-based environment; we understand mindfulness and the value of deep focus. We're chasing a big idea and we need every good teammate we can find.