Clark College is currently accepting applications for a Custodian 3 position to support the Facilities Services Department. This is a full-time permanent position responsible for directing custodial work on main campus or an offsite campus. This position will work Monday - Friday, 4:00 a.m. – 12:30 p.m. Clark College is an equal opportunity employer. Protected group members are strongly encouraged to apply. Clark College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age perceived or actual physical or mental disability, pregnancy, genetic information, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, creed, religion, honorably discharged veteran or military status, or use of a trained guide dog or service animal. The college considers equal opportunity, affirmative action, and non-discrimination to be fundamental to the mission, Core themes, and objectives of the college. All faculty and staff hired at Clark College are encouraged to embrace, continually support and enhance social equity on our campus and in our community. Questions regarding the College's Affirmative Action Policy may be directed to the Director of Human Resources, (360) 992-2105. Position Responsibilities Job Duties and Responsibilities: Supervise, direct, and instruct employees in cleaning and housekeeping duties in a variety of different facilities. Schedule and assign work to employees, inspects and report areas cleaned. Coordinate schedules of assigned personnel. Plan and schedule additional staffing for event management. Track and schedule work orders in computer programs. Instruct employees in proper cleaning techniques and safety practices; maintain compliance with applicable policies and procedures. Report and save daily activities in computer, email information and track work in Microsoft, work loading and event management programs. Evaluate the performance of employees against established standards and counsel them on performance; take or recommend corrective or disciplinary action when necessary. Interview personnel being considered for employment; make recommendations to supervisors. Identify, report, and take corrective action to resolve maintenance problems. Order custodial supplies and equipment and issue supplies to employees. Inspect assigned areas; ensure that departmental/facility cleanliness standards are met. Make rounds, check or inspect for security purposes or to determine condition of facility and equipment and take necessary corrective action for deficiencies. Plan and recommend furnishings or decoration of quarters and buildings. Direct acquisition, allotment and storage of furniture, and other items. Keep inventory of furnishings, supplies and equipment; prepare reports. Perform the duties of a Custodian 1 and 2. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Position Requirements and Competencies: Candidates will be evaluated based on application materials, including the supplemental questions and personal interview(s), and will be required to demonstrate competencies in the following areas: Supervisory or lead experience. Knowledge of proper use of custodial chemicals and equipment. Computer skills and the ability to work in Microsoft Office programs, work order and event programs. Good customer services skills. Possession of a valid driver's license. Ability to lead and supervise a group of 20 workers. Ability to organize and prioritize work. Ability to read and interpret labels. Ability to interpret and follow written instructions and diagrams. Physical ability to perform work assignments. Supplemental Information Job Readiness/Working Conditions: Ability to read, write, and speak English. Ability to perform moderately heavy cleaning tasks and physical work requiring reaching, pushing, pulling, bending and lifting 50 pounds from floor to 36 inches. Ability to properly and safely use chemicals and operate custodial power equipment. Ability and willingness to understand and follow laws, regulations and other standards established to maintain a safe work environment. Ability to work well with people of all ages from academically, culturally, and socioeconomically diverse backgrounds. The initial appointment will include a 6-month probationary period and the employee will earn permanent status after successfully completing probation. Prior to a new hire, a background check including criminal record history will be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment but will be considered in determining the applicant's suitability and competence to perform in the position. Salary/Benefits: Starting Salary: $2,414/month Range: 32 Code: 00678K _Benefits package includes insurance, retirement, annual and sick leave, disability, flexible spending account, and tuition waiver._ Application Deadline: Open until filled. Priority consideration will be given to applicants whose complete application has been submitted by 3 p.m., August 30, 2018. REQUIRED ONLINE APPLICATION MATERIALS: Clark College online application Current resume Responses to the supplemental questions included in the online application process To contact Clark College Human Resources, please call (360) 992-2105. DISABILITY ACCOMMODATIONS Upon request, accommodations are available to persons with disabilities for the application process. Contact Human Resources at (360)992-2105 or by video phone at (360)991-0901. SECURITY The security of all the members of the campus community is of vital concern to Clark College. Information regarding crime prevention advice, the authority of the Security/Safety Department, policies concerning reporting of any crimes which may occur on the campus, and crime statistics for the most recent 4-year period may be requested from the Clark College Security/Safety Department, (360) 992-2133. The most recent Annual Security Report can be viewed here: http://www.clark.edu/campus-life/student-support/security/report.php ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION If you are hired, you will need proof of identity, and documentation of U.S. citizenship or legal authorization to work. CORRECTIONS OR EXTENDED NOTICES Corrected or extended notices will be posted online and in the Human Resources Office. Clark College Human Resources August 7, 2018 18-00083