This is a limited term position for 1 year. Viewing technology in the context of work, scholarship and campus life, TTS is a university-wide service organization committed to delivering technology services that support Tufts’ mission of teaching, learning, research, and service. Understanding that IT enables innovation, TTS prioritizes holistic, human-centered design strategies to create timely and intuitive services, applications and tools that differentiate the Tufts experience. Across our diverse and creative teams, we engage and focus our collective talent to strengthen Tufts’ strategic IT capabilities. To keep pace with our community’s emerging needs, we continue to evolve our competencies across four main families of practice, including Planning and Design, Service Delivery and Operations, Data Strategy, and Academic Technology. Thinking and acting strategically with technology occurs through strong partnerships and an engaged community. Additionally, for technologies to take on integral meaning to our work, we also need reliable and consistent support in using them. With staff across all of Tufts’ campuses, as well as a 24x7 IT Service Desk, we collaborate with schools and divisions to meet the demands of a global, mobile community and to enable the broadest possible access. Come join our collaborative, flexible work environment, where leadership is valued at all levels of the organization, and opportunities abound to work with leading technologies and learn new skills. Under supervision, the Information Security Operations Analyst performs duties with security operations, analysis, and project work wherever needed. The analyst works closely with the TTS Information Security team as well as representatives throughout the university to drive good stewardship over institutional information resources; to research, inform, and prevent security and compliance risks; and to detect, respond, and recover from security incidents. Responsibilities include: analyzing university-wide departmental data handling processes; working with 100+ Information Stewards to help ensure security initiatives are effective and completed; writing security documentation, training, and procedures; responding to suspicious cyber security activities, incidents, and tickets; analyzing information from a wide range of sources including logs and data from network devices, applications, and security tools, from other security and IT professionals, and from Internet sources; helping automate tasks wherever possible; and maintaining and configuring security tools to appropriate needs. Qualifications Basic Requirements: Bachelor’s degree or High School Diploma plus 7 years’ experience. 3-5 years IT experience. At least 1 year (concurrent; cumulative with IT experience) that has duties requiring familiarity with a variety of security issues, concepts, practices, and procedures. Understanding of networks, IP addresses, and DNS. Windows and Mac configuration and system administration, and troubleshooting experience. Experience performing security tasks such as: virus cleanup/antivirus management, password or access management, patching, log analysis, firewalls, SPAM, vulnerability scans, VPNs, etc. Good communication skills including writing documentation and presenting to groups. Basic understanding of how compliance such as PCI, Data Privacy, HIPAA, and other regulations affect security, technologies, and processes. Ability to multi-task and work under stress. Preferred Qualifications: Certifications such as CompTIA Security+, GIAC Information Security Fundamentals, Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator, Cisco Certified Network Associate Security (CCNA Security). Scripting languages or code development for task automation. Familiarity with non-profit or academic environments. Special Work Schedule Requirements: Should be able to drive to all three campuses. Occasional weekend and evening hours may be required. Must be able and willing to participate in a 24x7 on- call rotation for major IT outages and security incidences. _An employee in this position must complete all appropriate background checks at the time of hire, promotion, or transfer._ _Equal Opportunity Employer – minority/females/veterans/disability/sexual orientation/gender identity._ Primary Location : United States-Massachusetts-Medford/Somerville Job : IT (Information Technology) Organization : Tufts Technology Services Employee Status : Limited Appointment Schedule : Full-time Job Posting : Aug 1, 2018, 2:02:36 PM