Veritiv has an expansive North American network with more than 180 locations, and we do business with more than half of the Fortune 500. We're a big company, but we’re also a new company, shaping our systems and processes to support a successful and sustainable future. We don't just encourage an entrepreneurial spirit, we embody it. Are you looking to join a company where you feel empowered in your work and your job is not just a job, but a path toward a rewarding and successful career? Do you want to be part of a company that customers and suppliers not only want to do business with but need to do business with? If you answered yes, then Veritiv might be the place for you. We encourage you to learn about and apply to Veritiv if you seek a unique work experience, where diverse ideas are met with enthusiasm, and where you can realize your full potential. Position Description Overall scope and purpose of job is to perform warehousing tasks of receiving product, putting away product, picking product (filling orders), preparing product for shipment, general housekeeping, completing appropriate paperwork, operating equipment safely, and in some locations, loading trucks with product. Pull, pack, stage, or convert orders for shipment using computer generated work order or verbal instruction from supervisor. Package material for shipment according to shipping requirements and/or customer specified instruction. Ensure that all product/shipping labels are legible. Load or unload trucks making sure that: truck is chocked or otherwise secured before attempting to unload and load the product; truck bed is clear of debris, obstruction, or defect for safe entry/exit; incoming product is free from damage and coincides with packing list or Return Authorization; and freight is properly positioned and secured in truck. Using locator system put away product that has been received. Assist customers who arrive at dock to pick up or return merchandise. Accurately complete and maintain all forms and records LEGIBLY. Use computer equipment to generate labels, check stock, input data for shipping status, prepare UPS shipments, create shipping manifest, etc. Immediately report safety hazards with equipment or within facility. Use required Personal Protective Equipment. Must meet ANSI Z75 standard. Must follow all Company Personal Protective Equipment rules and regulations Anticipate and prevent accidents. Comply with all safety rules and regulations. Report ALL incidents, accidents, and personal injuries to supervisor. Complete housekeeping work assignments and maintain work area clean and free of debris Other duties as assigned. 2ND SHIFT (7:00PM-3:30AM) Veritiv is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Individuals seeking employment are considered without regards to race, ethnicity, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, age, disability, gender identity or expression, genetic information, national origin, protected veteran status or any other classification protected by law. Additionally, Veritiv will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with Veritiv’s legal duty to furnish information. If you would like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant, please click here: http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf