Job Summary: Makes new home sales by demonstrating product features, designs and benefits to potential homebuyers. Utilizes sales and marketing techniques, Company guidelines, and knowledge of assigned communities to achieve division and Company goals to ensure customer satisfaction in accordance with Company objectives. Duties and Responsibilities Effectively manages sales generation by utilizing Corporate marketing materials, model homes, local resources and realtor relationships. Show the community, lots and spec homes to prospects and realtors. Market community (participation in local events or local sales organizations). Serves as trusted advisor/primary point of contact for home buyer from initial meeting through home closing. Scope may vary during phases of sales process. Tour and demonstrate model homes. Generates excitement by effectively identifying needs of potential home buyers and matching related solutions. Builds confidence with potential home buyer by selling features/benefits of M/I Homes product and experience to include: M/I History and culture Confidence Builder program Community advantages Financing programs tailored to buyers’ needs Advantages relative to Division Comparatively shops products of competitors and visits those operating in same geographical areas. Prospect and visit realtors. Participates in Division meetings. Maintains buyer interest by effectively using listening and negotiating skills when confronted with objections, skepticism, conflict, etc. and counters with specific alternatives. Guarantees a realistic, but satisfactory home building experience for the home buyer by proactively communicating to the home buyer during entire home building process. Communicates appropriate information to other M/I personnel (e.g. Production, Design Center, MIFC, etc.) Attends Buyer Builder Conference and Pre-Closing Walk-Through events. Show/walk lots and homes under construction with customers under contract. Community management (drive/walk through community to check on appearance, signage, maintenance status of homes). Visit homes under construction to check on status. Meets with construction personnel regarding issues/status of homes. Ensures fair and consistent treatment by effectively solving problems when they occur, to the extent empowered to do so. Communicates results effectively to required stakeholders. Optimizes information flow by consistently and correctly utilizing Company systems which include but are not limited to CFT (Pivotal) and electronic mail. Provides consistency in superior customer service by effectively providing direction and coordination of an associate’s workflow through guidance, instruction, and coaching. Required Skills Skills and Abilities: Ability to interpret, analyze and evaluate given information relative to selling techniques and potential homebuyer issues. Self-motivated with persuasive, enthusiastic and customer-service oriented personality and outstanding negotiation and organizational skills; detail-oriented aptitude. Outstanding verbal and written communication skills for high interaction with a variety of people inside and outside of the organization. Decisiveness and good judgment, problem-solving and analytical skills to act with authority and take risks in an environment with little direction from others. Upon request of and on terms established by the Company, obtains and maintains all appropriate state or local licenses (e.g., contractor’s license, real estate salesperson and/or broker license, etc.) for the mutual benefit of the employee and the Company and for use by the Company in connection with the Company’s sales, homebuilding and lending activities. Requirements: It is required that all New Home Consultants have a personal cell phone for business use and follow division guidelines on customer and internal communication requirements. Required Experience Minimum Education Experience: Associate’s degree (A.A.) or equivalent in specialized training from a two- year college or technical school combined with at least one year of relevant course study including seminars and workshops in sales and marketing techniques and one to five years of related experience and/or training; thorough knowledge of housing market in geographical locations. M/I Homes offers a comprehensive benefits package, including medical, dental, vision, 401(k) profit sharing plan, employee stock purchase plan, employee home purchase plan and more. We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.