BlackRock helps investors build better financial futures. As a fiduciary to our clients, we provide the investment and technology solutions they need when planning for their most important goals. As of June 30, 2018, the firm managed approximately $6.3 trillion in assets on behalf of investors worldwide. For additional information on BlackRock, please visit www.blackrock.com | Twitter: @blackrock | Blog: www.blackrockblog.com | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/blackrock. Job Description: The Digital Wealth Platform and Sales Technology team's mission is to dramatically transform BlackRock’s current retail distribution strategy and performance around the globe, by enabling the sales team to deepen and expand their relationships with Financial Advisors & Home Offices by leveraging data to provide thoughtful analytics and by delivering cutting edge technology tools & applications to the sales force. The team currently consists of ~150 people across the globe with primary locations in London, New York, Princeton, San Francisco, Singapore and Gurgaon. We are seeking a talented data engineering associate with strong data management and ETL development skills to join our team. The candidate will work on all aspects of the data management process including the onboarding, acquisition, attribution, transformation and reporting of newly acquired data sets. Opportunities to migrate existing data acquisition and onboarding processes to new / strategic sources and protocols also will be a priority. The work is expected to combine some project management and basic analysis and reporting in support of the team’s overall goals to provide high-quality data that supports analytics and the sales process in a timely fashion. Top technical / programming skills – in particular Python, Hadoop (Spark, HDFS, Hive), SQL and Excel – are a must. Given the highly execution-focused nature of the work, the ideal candidate will roll up their sleeves to ensure that their projects meet deadlines and will always look for ways to optimize processes in future cycles. Experience in project management and laying out and communicating a project schedule also are important. Responsibilities: Drive the onboarding and attribution of newly acquired data sets into our Hadoop data environment; manage all aspects of the loading process; monitor attribution throughout the process with quality checks and push data out to subscribing target systems as appropriate. Identify ways to optimize and solidify the various process cycles. Identify, investigate and resolve data discrepancies by finding the root cause of issues. Work with partners across various cross-functional teams to prevent future occurrences Proactively look for opportunities to optimize the data loading structure and develop new approaches to improve the onboarding and integrity of the data. In a timely fashion, provide basic analysis, reporting and respond to inquiries asking for insights about the data sets from senior stakeholders. Maintain a project management tracker and assist with the communication of the team’s status and deliverables on a regular basis. Qualifications: 4+ years of experience with manipulating large data sets, leveraging tools such as Apache Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Pig, etc. 4+ years of experience with Python or Java 4-6 years of deep experience with SQL database development including building data models Deep experience in data flow (Kafka, Sqoop) and ETL processes Strong experience in large data management; onboarding, attribution, cataloging, documenting Analytic ability to interpret data to help in strategic decision making Experience with data analytics tools and/or libraries such as R, Scala, Pandas, Tableau is a plus Demonstrable problem-solving, quantitative, and analytical skills; strategic and creative thinking. Working knowledge of industry-specific datasets: Morningstar, Bloomberg, Salespage CRM, Albridge, Discovery, BrightScope, and Market Metrics Local Marketshare is a plus Experience with financial markets, working knowledge of the asset management and/or financial services industry, preferred. Solid proficiency in all Microsoft Office applications; expert Excel skills. Focused attention to detail and high standards for quality and accuracy in his/her work product. Ability to clearly articulate and present ideas, both in writing and verbally, to senior management as well as outside audiences. Exceptional project management skills with attention to detail and abilities to run a project from inception to delivery. Able to work effectively under pressure and in a rapidly changing environment in order to meet deadlines. Collaborative, team-oriented, service-oriented Bachelor’s Degree, preference for Computer Science, Economics, Finance or related fields preferred. BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, and other statuses protected by law. We recruit, hire, train, promote, pay, and administer all personnel actions without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), sex stereotyping (including assumptions about a person’s appearance or behavior, gender roles, gender expression, or gender identity), gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, ancestry, medical condition, marital status, military or veteran status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable law. We interpret these protected statuses broadly to include both the actual status and also any perceptions and assumptions made regarding these statuses. BlackRock will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the law, including any applicable fair chance law.