The City of Pasadena is seeking a dynamic Program Coordinator to implement the vision of the City to support families and children to thrive, including creating an environment where young children are healthy, safe, and find early success in school and life. This technologically savvy, strategic leader will report to the Director of Libraries and Information Services, and work closely with the Public Health Officer, and will assist with developing and implementing early learning and family initiatives as identified in the Early Child Development Policy and All Children Thrive Initiative. The successful candidate will be charged with running the Office of the Young Child, fostering partnerships, moving the Early Learning 2025 initiative forward, providing backbone functions for the Public Health collective impact effort - "All Children Thrive," creating collaborate opportunities between City departments, and performing a wide variety of complex program management and administrative responsibilities. IDEAL CANDIDATE The ideal candidate possesses demonstrated knowledge in the areas of child development and learning, public health initiatives, social determinants of health, health equity, neighborhood and family engagement, grant writing and management, use of scientific literature and data, and action-oriented collaboration. The successful candidate possesses exemplary oral and written communication skills and well developed organizational skills. This is an exciting career opportunity to conduct local community-building work that is inter-disciplinary and connected to a national network of All Children Thrive cities supported by the UCLA Center for Healthier Children, Families, and Communities. To learn more about the City of Pasadena Early Child Development Policy, click here: Early Child Development Policy This recruitment is open until filled, with a first review of applications scheduled for August 2, 2018. Apply now! Essential Functions The major responsibilities of this position are listed below. For more detailed information, please review the job description. Work collectively with Library staff and Public Health staff, and draw upon the resource and expertise from the Council for the Young Child (Early Child Development Committee referenced in the Early Child Development Policy above) to further the work outlined by the eight building blocks outlined in the Policy. Manages a foundational child wellness information system, inclusive of child education, health and wellness measures. One example could be the Early Development Instrument, a population measure for assessing kindergarten readiness. Works with city staff to support a web-based communication platform to maximize usefulness of this analytical information. Works with Public Health Department to drive forward the All Children Thrive collective impact initiative, to improve child educational, health, and wellness outcomes and to develop communities that are safe, stable, and nurturing. Enables the Office of the Young Child to provide backbone functions to support collective impact. Maintains up-to-date knowledge of related best practices federal, state and local laws, regulations, and policies, procedures that govern operations, develops policies and disseminates knowledge to staff and ensures compliance on a continuous basis. Has experience with contracts, staff reports, and common government business practices. Applies current technological solutions to improve and support functional needs and strategic direction. Conducts research, compiles and analyzes data in support of programs and activities, while maintaining program reports and statistics for internal and external use. Makes recommendations and implements changes. Creates and maintains a professional office environment that will promote efficiency and support the daily operations, intermediate and long-range goals. Supervises, trains, and provides work direction to department technical and/or clerical support staff, monitors workflow, and assures compliance with established timelines, procedures and standard of quality. Works collaboratively with early childhood education professionals, child development advocates, health professionals, community members, civic leaders, and caregivers. Provides communication about the work to the City Council, Library Commission, Human Services Commission, and stakeholder groups. Monitors program expenditures and remain within budget. Facilitates, coordinates and makes oral presentations to businesses, community organizations families, and early care and education providers to explain existing services and programs. Implements grant guidelines and fulfill reporting requirements, prepares and monitors general fund budget and grants budgets in close cooperation with Accounting and Finance. Qualification Guidelines Education and Experience Bachelor's degree in public policy, public health, social work, child and family studies, early childhood education, public administration or related field. Four years of professional experience in support of community and coalition building, developing childhood education programs or program management. Desired qualifications: master's degree in public policy, public health, social work, child and family studies, early childhood education, public administration or related field; and fund development experience and Spanish language skills. COMPETENCIES The following list represents some of the core competencies needed for success in this position. Ability to Work Independently \- Drives self to complete work without expectations of monitoring or help; is resourceful and independent. Analytical Skills \- Analyzes a wide variety of data and information to identify trends and develop forecast, has a strong working knowledge of applied statistics, research and survey methods. Communication Skills \- Understands the importance of keeping appropriate people informed; adjusts level, style, and pace of communication to the audience. Cooperate and Collaborate - Initiates new and productive alliances; reaches across organizational boundaries to strengthen cooperative efforts; and promoted organizational and systems integration. Initiative \- Is often capable, resourceful and inventive when tackling work. Interpersonal Skills \- Responsible for on-going relationship management with a variety of contacts; nurtures relationships with other professionals, managers, and those outside the organization. Leadership \- Has management skills and potential to provide guidance and development to others; understands and applies solid management principles, Is a role model for coping effectively with political realities. Technology Application Skills – Ability to apply various kinds of technology to improve processes and yield a better future result or outcome. SELECTION PROCESS The selection process will consist of one or all of the following: training and experience evaluation, structured interview and a selection interview. The probationary work test period is one year and part of the PMA Professional bargaining unit. VACANCY INFORMATION There is currently one vacancy in the Libraries & Information Services Department. The resulting eligibility list from this recruitment maybe used to fill this vacancy and similar vacancies in the future.