HIGHLIGHTS The SUNY Geneseo Facilities Department is looking for a reliable and dedicated individual to join our team as a cleaner. SUNY Geneseo encourages a positive workforce where employees take pride in their work and thrive in a team-based environment. This position provides remarkable benefits, a promising retirement and competitive starting wages with the opportunity for development and growth in your career! Incumbent will perform a variety of routine manual tasks requiring light, medium and heavy physical effort in cleaning and caring for an assigned area including restrooms, and stripping and polishing floors. Incumbent may occasionally sweep/shovel sidewalks. You will only be contacted on an as needed basis for interviews. Applications for Cleaner positions are purged every three months; therefore if you are still interested in the position PLEASE REAPPLY EVERY THREE MONTHS Required Qualifications MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Applicants must be physically able to perform medium to heavy physical labor, and able to understand and carry out written or oral instructions. Preferred Qualifications DIVISION OPERATING NEEDS Ability to perform medium to heavy labor and lifting (a minimum of 50 pounds). Ability to use a variety of hand and power tools, and ability to climb ladders and scaffolding. Ability to use a variety of custodial trade tools and equipment. Must stand, stoop, bend and stretch for long periods of time. Applicants must possess a valid driver’s license, be able to understand and follow directions, and read, write and communicate verbally. Posting Details Posting Details Posting Number C161 Number of Vacancies Full or Part-time Full-Time Appointment Type Permanent Job Posting Date 06/07/2018 Job Posting Closed Date 09/07/2018 Application Review Date 09/10/2018 Salary Special Instructions to Applicant PLEASE NOTE: Appointment Type will be specific to each line number and may either be Permanent or Contingent Permanent. About SUNY Geneseo SUNY Geneseo is highly selective and is consistently rated among the top public universities in the north by U.S. News & World Report. Located in the national historic landmark village of Geneseo, the residential campus overlooks the picturesque Genesee Valley, just 30 miles south of the major metropolitan area of Rochester and 70 miles east of Buffalo. SUNY Geneseo is a member of the Council of Public Liberal Arts Colleges, a national alliance of leading liberal arts colleges in the public sector. http://www.geneseo.edu/ Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer SUNY Geneseo is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, committed to recruiting, supporting and fostering a diverse community of outstanding faculty, staff and students. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. For our full non- discrimination statement, see: http://www.geneseo.edu/affirmativeaction. Background Investigation Statement All applicants are subject to drug and criminal background checks. See our full Background Investigation Statement at http://www.geneseo.edu/hr/employment. Clery Statement Applicants interested in positions may access the Annual Security Report(ASR) for the College at www.geneseo.edu/police. The ASR contains information on campus security policies and certain campus crime statistics. Crime statistics are reported in accordance with the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act. Applicants may request a hard copy of the ASR by contacting the SUNY Geneseo University Police Department at 585-245-5651. NY State Executive Order 161 Pursuant to Executive Order 161, no State entity, as defined by the Executive Order, is permitted to ask, or mandate, in any form, that an applicant for employment provide his or her current compensation, or any prior compensation history, until such time as the applicant is extended a conditional offer of employment with compensation. If such information has been requested from you before such time, please contact the Governor’s Office of Employee Relations at (518) 474-6988 or via email at info@goer.ny.gov. Quick Link for Postings http://jobs.geneseo.edu/postings/2236 Physical Demands Analysis Essential functions are those for which the College is unable to make a reasonable accommodation. In terms of a typical workday “occasionally” equals 1%-33%, “frequently” equals 34%-66%, and “continuously” equals 67% - 100%. Some physical requirements may only be required monthly or annually. In such cases these equal “rarely”. Physical Demands Analysis Kneeling Frequently Stationary Position Occasionally Balancing Not Required Speaking Occasionally Carrying Frequently Communicate/Convey/Exchange Information Frequently Vision - Ability to Distinguish Similar Colors Frequently Climbing Occasionally Crawling Occasionally Crouching Frequently Grasping Occasionally Hearing Not Required Lifting 10 pounds or less Frequently Lifting up to 20 pounds Frequently Pulling Frequently Vision - Depth Perception Frequently Pushing Frequently Vision - Close Vision Frequently Reaching Frequently Repetitive Motion Frequently Sitting Occasionally Standing Frequently Discern/Detect/Perceive Frequently Vision - Distant Vision Occasionally Walking Frequently Inspect/Judge/Assess Frequently Walking - Uneven Surfaces Occasionally Ascend/Descend Frequently Work Atop Occasionally Stooping Occasionally Position Self Occasionally Transport/Put/Move Occasionally Eye Hand Coordination Frequently Fine Manipulation Occasionally Lifting 20 to 50 pounds Frequently Lifting 50 to 100 pounds Frequently Lifting in excess of 100 pounds Not Required Traversing/Moving Frequently Seeing Continuously Job Duties/Responsibilities Job Duties/Responsibilities Job Duty/Responsibility Function 1: General 1 Cleaning Requirements Read and follow job cards, etc. Write notes and comments on job cards, etc. Make decisions and display good judgement when conditions are encountered that dictate a minor change to the cleaning schedule Perform physical labor including stooping, bending, kneeling, lifting (over 50 lbs, get help lifting), standing, walking, climbing, twisting, and reaching, with the use of personal protection equipment and the use of ladders, scaffolds or man-lifts Change the lamps as necessary Job Duties/Responsibilities Job Duty/Responsibility Function 2: Restroom Specialist Remove trash. Clean/disinfect fixtures, toilets, sinks, showers, tubs, dispensers and mirrors. Sweep/mop floor. Fill and empty mop bucket (1 gallon of solution per restroom). Fill dispensers. Job Duties/Responsibilities Job Duty/Responsibility Function 3: Light Duty Specialist Remove trash and recycling to central areas (trash that is over 50 lbs, get help lifting) Clean/disinfect all horizontal surfaces, phones, door knobs and light switches Dust high and low surfaces, change lights and use ladders Mop floors. Fill and empty mop bucket Wash walls Secure areas as required Job Duties/Responsibilities Job Duty/Responsibility Function 4: Vacuum Specialist Use (wear) backpack vacuum to vacuum assigned traffic areas, stairs, halls, offices, classrooms and reposition all furniture Secure building as required Job Duties/Responsibilities Job Duty/Responsibility Function 5: Utility Specialist Remove trash and recycling from building collection centers and haul to totes/pick up areas Sweep/shovel outside walkways Clean entries and common area, walls, stairs and handrails Use (wear) backpack vacuum to vacuum all traffic areas Secure building as required Cross-train and work as any specialist Job Duties/Responsibilities Job Duty/Responsibility Function 6: Project Team Work on special project cleaning teams, as assigned. These teams are normally formed when classes are not in session and are used for heavy or large cleaning tasks such as refinishing floors, shampooing office rugs, washing windows, etc.