The Internet of Everything is a phenomenon driving new opportunities for Cisco and it's transforming our customers' businesses worldwide. We are pioneers and have been since the early days of connectivity. Today, we are building teams that are expanding our technology solutions in the Mobile, Cloud, Security, IT, and Big Data spaces, including Software and Consulting Services. As Cisco delivers the network that powers the Internet, we are connecting the unconnected. Imagine creating unprecedented disruption. Your revolutionary ideas will impact everything from retail, healthcare, education, and entertainment, to the public sector, and far beyond. Collaborate with like- minded innovators in a fun and flexible culture that has earned Cisco global recognition as a Great Place To Work. With roughly 10 billion connected things in the world now and over 50 billion estimated in the future, your career has exponential possibilities at Cisco! Today's IT organizations need security products that leverage leading threat intelligence to effectively safeguard their extended networks. Creating that intelligence is the focus of Cisco’s Talos Security Intelligence and Research Group. Talos is comprised of leading threat researchers supported by sophisticated systems. Our researchers create threat intelligence for Cisco products to protect customers from both known and emerging threats. The Data Services Delivery Team in Cisco’s Talos Security Engineering and Research Group, seeks an exceptional software engineer to help develop our products. We are responsible for critical common data services and platforms. We are in search of motivated, innovative, energetic engineers to deliver high-availability, high-performance web and data services. This is an exciting opportunity to join a dynamic and collaborative team in the development of our security services and platforms. Qualified candidates will have a track record of not only delivering exceptionally engineered products, but will demonstrate a passion for the efficacy and long-term success of those products. Responsibilities Develop high-performance, scalable code of exceptional quality. Contribute to design and architecture of key common data services. Participate in design, code, and documentation reviews with peer engineers. Collaborate with QA, Automation and DevOps team members to ensure successful completion, deployment, maintenance, and operations of solutions. Actively participate in an Agile / Scrum team to deliver high-quality feature releases on a quick cadence. Help foster and maintain a culture of challenge, innovation, and fun. Participate in team’s on call rotation for a week at a time, 24x7. Main location is in San Jose and requires in office presence, but working from home or remotely is negotiable. Qualifications Passion for internet security and development of cutting-edge, high-volume web/data services. 5-7 years of software engineering experience, preferably in internet-security or high-volume web/data services domains. Exceptional programming skills in Python, preferably in Linux or Free-BSD environments. Experience in Security and Networking. Able to deliver highly-scalable code of exceptional quality. Strong communication and collaboration skills. Must be able to communicate effectively. Highly-motivated and self-directed. Able and eager to be a part of a highly communicative and collaborative team. At least a BA/BS in Computer Science / Computer Engineering or related technical field. Experience in software development under Agile/Scrum framework.