The Customer Center of Excellence Leader is a company-wide catalyst to recognize and promote excellence in customer experience while driving continuous improvement. Inspires and influences change…from the front line to executive leadership. This leader builds a differentiated customer experience that brings to life the company’s brand promise and Vison, Values and Mission. This executive-level role is accountable for delivering a customer experience aligned to the brand and values of the company by developing and driving the customer experience vision throughout the organization, through customer engagement, support, customer success, learning, knowledge management, online community, and client relationship management. Demonstrating a customer- obsessed mentality, this leader engages the organization in managing customer relationships, recurring revenue, and profit. It creates a persistent focus on the customer in the actions the company takes globally for on-premise, Cloud, on-demand and other offerings. This role drives the organization to work together for optimum customer experience delivery, steers customer-led innovation, engagement, advocacy and intimacy, and leads customer learning, knowledge management and online community offerings. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Leads the transformation of the culture ensuring that the customer is at the center of all decisions. Drives positive customer experiences that create client value and satisfaction (external and internal), retention and growth, building on voice of the customer feedback, and qualitative and quantitative data. Clarifies a common approach and process for driving operational efficiency across the customer lifecycle, and the work across the organization Champions and leverages sources such as voice of customer insights and analytics, emotional and behavioral research, and customer journey mapping, to fully understand our customers’ experience with us, while focusing daily on delivering value to the company, solving customer experience problems and realistically developing new opportunities. Provides oversight to client relationship management, customer success, online communities, knowledge management and customer education, ensuring post-sale contact with clients maximize client retention and assist clients in the use of the organization's products and/or services. Encourages and works closely with Sales to understand technical and business challenges of the client. Ensures that team understands how to provide the highest level of service and increase value for customers. Establishes metrics for defining the relationship with customers, to manage global customers as an asset and oversight of a united platform for understanding and taking action. Influences cross-company agreement on how to deliver greatest value and best experience to customers in partnership with leaders, drives customer accountability through cross-company data and metrics Oversees, and if required engages in, escalated client issues. Accountable for and ensures customer and partner satisfaction. Leads a team while working collaboratively with other departments, including but not limited to Product Management, Marketing, Finance, Software Development, Account Services, Sales and Consulting to drive customer success. Oversees the identification of opportunities to increase sales of products and/or services and analyze competitor activities to assess any threats to important clients. Oversees the organization's knowledge management and customer education programs. Ensures customer and associated employee training programs are developed that maximize product satisfaction and company revenues. Continually identify evolving customer needs, wants and the priorities customers place on them to help the organization continue to win today and stay ahead of the competition. Leverages customer data as an asset to provide leading insights into client and employee activities, performance and insights where applicable. Maintain a deep knowledge of client industry, product, and role in the market. Lead or participate in other projects or duties. Travel required. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: Coach employees on career development opportunities and strategies. Manage and coach employees on all human resource related processes including: selection, performance management, employee relations, terminations, compensation and rewards, employee development, etc. Recognize others’ contributions and share credit for success. Own attainment of high employee satisfaction and retention; lead development of program and initiatives within group to attain high employee satisfaction. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Demonstrate leadership skills and the ability to influence at all levels within the organization. Ability to establish and drive a “customer obsessed or customer first” culture among leaders and staff. Ability to affect and drive organizational change in particular as it relates to customer culture. Ability to establish clear outcomes aligned with strategy, manage to them, and effectively report on progress. Ability to manage multiple complex, high visibility or high impact projects simultaneously. Ability to facilitate consensus when confronted with strong opposing views. Excellent organizational and communication (oral, written, presentation and facilitation) skills. Must possess strong EQ skills and exhibit emotional stability and maturity in the face of highly emotional and stressful situations. Must be able to successfully interact with and influence executives and non-executives. Must be results oriented, customer focused and able to manage multiple high-visibility or high-impact projects simultaneously. Ability to apply broad expertise or unique knowledge and professional concepts to develop resolutions to critical issues. Ability to create formal networks with key decision makers. Ability to listen and understand information and communicate the same. Ability to work without supervision. Complete latitude for decision making. Proficiency in Microsoft Office packages. Sufficient knowledge of business communication, including telephone, voicemail, and e-mail and operations of office machines, such as photocopier, scanner, and fax. EDUCATION, TRAINING AND EXPERIENCE: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience. Master’s degree in Business or Computer Science a plus. 15+ years’ experience within the software application development environment, with a minimum of 7-10 years supervisory and leadership experience and 5+ years management responsibility over customer engagement, support, learning, knowledge management, customer success, digital community, and/or client relationship management. Enterprise software and services experience required; Cloud/SaaS operations experience preferred Working knowledge of customer lifecycle, key legal aspects commercial and client requirements required Understands the ecosystem in which Vertex operates and how it affects customer experience Has awareness of emerging technology trends and drives incubation of those applies technologies to support global digital support transformation. Exposure to customer learning and knowledge management preferred Global experience preferred Sales or customer-facing experience preferred Exposure to Sourcing strategies, mixed-labor models, partnership (Process outsourcing, Managed services) REQUIRED FOUNDATIONAL COMPETENCIES: Builds Relationships: Fosters open dialogue and obtains shared commitment to proposals; shared ideas and information to promote mutual understanding, respect, and effective decision-making. Drives for Results: Acts to create opportunities for Vertex or to avoid future problems; has the courage to act with incomplete information rather than simply thinking about it; maintains a focused commitment to achieving enterprise objectives. Knows the Business: Understands and applies knowledge of Vertex’s business and processes to accomplish goals. Anticipates Customer Needs (internal and external): Establishes and maintains productive relationships with customers and partners, anticipating their needs. Learns Continuously: Expands own knowledge base to enhance performance; seeks development to increase strengths for current and future needs. REQUIRED LEADERSHIP COMPETENCIES: Fosters Innovation: Provides an environment that supports alternative approaches and leads to new processes, products, and services. Promotes Customer Intimacy: Creates an enterprise in which customers are proud to do business with Vertex; collaborates with customers and partners to develop strategies to meet mutual objectives. Aligns and Engages: Aligns people, processes, information systems, and structure with the strategic direction; ensures that expectations are clear, priorities established, focus maintained, and tough decisions addressed; works to gain commitment and buy-in. Develop Talent: Works with others in a helpful way to increase their competence and confidence; eliminates barriers and provides needed resources and support for personal and professional growth.