The Food Safety and Quality Manager has responsibility in three main areas of which one or more may be assigned as the key focus for the individual: Contract Manufacturing Quality Systems Raw Material and Supplier Quality Management Role Responsibilities Contract Manufacturing Provide strategic direction and guidance for the implementation and adherence of all quality programs at manufacturing facilities (contract and internal as applicable), warehouses and raw material suppliers. Manage and be accountable for the relationship with external manufacturing quality departments and monitor performance against Just, Inc. procedures, product specifications, and relevant Key Performance Indicators. Audit and review contract manufacturing Partners’ facility and quality systems to ensure compliance to Just, Inc. Food Safety Quality Assurance expectations. Work in Partnership with site Quality contacts to resolve quality issues and complaints in a timely manner. Manage the Partner Corrective Action process, including review, trending and continual adherence to all CAPAs related to food safety and quality. Work closely with the product development team to ensure food safety requirements and quality standards are incorporated to the development process. Provide support during plant trials and production runs for product launches. Coordinate any required testing, product launch, and new Partner on-boarding related activities. Act as a Food Safety Team leader and Site Quality Assurance Manager for internal manufacturing as needed. Quality Systems Lead design, creation, and implementation of Just, Inc. Corporate and Manufacturing (Internal and External) Quality Management Systems by working cross-functionally with internal and external Partners to achieve and maintain relevant compliance standards. Provide ongoing management, serve as an administrator, and drive continuous implementation for all applicable electronic databases and software related to Food Safety Quality Assurance and provide the appropriate training to all relevant stake-holders. Facilitate in the development of all on-site employees to ensure their knowledge and implementation of food safety guidelines is up to date and exceeds compliance of federal and Just, Inc.'s regulatory guidelines Manage internal Food Safety and Quality controlled document systems, nonconformance, CAPA, Change Control, internal audit activities, and other Food Safety and Quality related programs. Develop product evaluation programs including quality scoring, gold standard, shelf life, etc. and tools to monitor internal performance metrics and drive continuous improvement. Raw Material and Supplier Quality Management Manage internal raw material and supplier review programs of which include risk assessment, review of key food safety & quality programs, and overall adherence to the FSMA and regulatory requirements. Provide assessments of raw materials to ensure intended use of ingredients and regulatory status are suitable to their application in Just, Inc. products. Ensure that these assessments are clearly communicated to all applicable internal and external stakeholders. Work cross-functionally with key-internal stakeholders to ensure that raw materials and suppliers are appropriately reviewed and screened in a timely manner relative to project timelines. Work closely with the R&D team to ensure food safety requirements and quality standards for raw materials and ingredients are incorporated into the development process and provide Food Safety and Quality support as needed. Audit and review suppliers as necessary to ensure compliance to Just, Inc. Food Safety and Quality Assurance expectations. This is not a comprehensive list and willingness and ability to shift responsibilities and focuses is a mandatory part of this role. Attributes B.S. in Food Science, Microbiology, or similar degree with 5+ years of progressive food industry experience in food safety and quality assurance. 2 to 5 years experience in quality systems design and management. Certified as a Preventive Controls Qualified Individual (PCQI). Experience with and understanding of US regulations including FSMA. Experience with auditing and training highly preferred. Expertise in implementing and maintaining GFSI food safety and quality management programs Experience deploying and/or managing automated systems for documents and data. In depth knowledge of food microbiology, product sampling plans and environmental monitoring Strong ability to communicate effectively and comfortable working within a cross-functional team to set the gold standard for quality and food safety. Confident in being the expert with the foremost responsibility of ensuring food safety which will require you to make business and quality decisions based on scientific, regulatory and quality evidence. Mindset of taking a hands-on approach to achieve company objectives while taking a practical and systems based approach to problem solving and prevention. Ability to be accountable, highly adaptable, flexible and strict while maintaining the mindset of providing solutions as needed. Ability to travel as necessary (domestic and international).