The Information Technologies Consultant position provides information security consulting and support, and will work as part of a team responsible for maintaining the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of University information applications and data and assist in the development and testing of university applications, networks, and systems. This position will support ongoing Information Services operations surrounding information security standards, risk, and compliance. Duties include: risk and compliance assessments, development and ongoing maintenance of security- related documentation including standards, policies, processes, and plans. This position is also responsible for university-wide information security preparedness, policies, practices, and identifying and mitigating information security risks to university applications, systems, infrastructure, and data. The Information Technologies Consultant assist in the development and implementation of tools, standards, and techniques for risk assessment, compliance assessment, vendor risk assessment, causal analysis, corrective action planning and management, and vulnerability management. Additional Information University Overview Founded as the people’s university in 1890, Washington State University fulfills that commitment by transforming lives through education, research, and community outreach. In 2015, the University celebrated 125 years of delivering life-changing knowledge and discoveries to citizens across the state, region, nation, and around the world. The state’s only land-grant institution and one of two public research universities, WSU provides a world- class education to nearly 30,000 students through its multi-campus, statewide locations and online. The University strives to ensure that higher education is accessible at an affordable cost—a decades-long WSU commitment to the state’s citizens. The University offers more than 200 undergraduate fields of study and 127 graduate and professional degree programs. Many academic programs win recognition nationally for excellence. WSU is one of just 108 public and private universities in the United States—out of more than 4,500—singled out for its “very high research activity” by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. The University’s research agenda is focused on addressing challenges in health, sustainability, smart systems, national security, and opportunity and equity. WSU is a major driver of Washington’s economy, partnering with many of the state’s leading industries, including agribusiness, aerospace, health care, software, and construction. The University is responsible for nearly 20,600 jobs statewide and generates an overall economic impact of more than $3.3 billion annually. The institution’s operating budget expenditures total nearly $2 billion annually. The City Pullman is a dynamic center of higher education, research, and culture located in a region called the Palouse. The region is home to two land grant universities, Washington State University and the University of Idaho located just eight miles to the east in Moscow, Idaho. Washington’s second-largest city, Spokane, is located 75 miles north of Pullman. Demographics Daily designated Pullman a “dreamtown,” reflecting the city’s exceptionally high quality of life. Bloomberg Businessweek named Pullman the “Best Places to Raise Your Kids” in Washington. The city also boasts one of the highest percentages of graduate degrees among U.S. micropolitan areas, and its public school system has been ranked among the top 100 in the country. Excellent outdoor recreation opportunities—including golfing, skiing, hiking, and boating—are just a short drive away. To learn more about the Pullman community, visit pullmanchamber.com Benefits Package Competitive benefits available, more details at hrs.wsu.edu/benefits Appointment Status Permanent Job Appointment (FTE%) 100% Position Term in Months 12 Monthly Salary Commensurate with Education & Experience Position Qualifications Required Qualifications A Bachelor’s degree and three (3) years professional experience OR a combination of education and experience totaling seven (7) years from which comparable knowledge and abilities are acquired. Additional Requirements Demonstrated experience developing information security policies, procedures, and technical training materials. Working knowledge and experience with information security technologies, implementations, principles, and practices. Knowledge of industry, information security standards (e.g., NIST, ISO17799/27002, etc.), Federal and/or State laws and regulations related to information security, privacy, and data confidentiality, such as FERPA, HIPAA, GLBA, and digital content and copyright law. Demonstrated security assessment, risk analysis, gap analysis, auditing, causal analysis, corrective action planning, and compliance assessment experience. Demonstrated customer service experience. Demonstrated ability to work independently and as a member of a team. Excellent verbal and written communications skills. Preferred Qualifications Knowledge and understanding of security technologies including intrusion detection/prevention systems, firewalls, VPNs, vulnerability scanning, and data protection/encryption systems, Antivirus, malware analysis, and log Monitoring and management systems. Strong proficiency in using Apple, Windows, and/or popular UNIX/Linux operating systems. Demonstrated Experience in security operations with respect to server and network systems, web applications, and/or databases. Experience with system and network security management tools. Effective problem solving and troubleshooting skills. Experience working in higher Education. Current information security certification such as CISSP, SSCP, CISM, CGEIT, CRISC, SANS, GISP, GSLC, GSNA, GLEG, etc. Knowledge of it Service management (ITSM) and/or ITIL. Will this position require a background check? This position has been designated by the department to require a background check Posting Detail Information Open Date 08/01/2018 Close Date Open Until Filled Yes Special Instructions to Applicants Screening of applications will begin on August 20th, 2018 Application materials should clearly communicate how the applicant meets all required qualifications and additional requirements. At the time of application, please be prepared to submit a cover letter, resume, and contact information for at least three professional (3) references. EEO Statement WASHINGTON STATE UNIVERSITY IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION EDUCATOR AND EMPLOYER. Members of ethnic minorities, women, special disabled veterans, veterans of the Vietnam-era, recently separated veterans, and other protected veterans, persons of disability and/or persons age 40 and over are encouraged to apply. WSU employs only U.S. citizens and lawfully authorized non-U.S. citizens. All new employees must show employment eligibility verification as required by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. WSU is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodation in its services, programs, activities, education and employment for individuals with disabilities. To request disability accommodation in the application process, contact Human Resource Services: 509-335-4521(v), Washington State TDD Relay Service: Voice Callers: 1-800-833-6384; TDD Callers: 1-800-833-6388, 509-335-1259(f), or hrs@wsu.edu. Posting Number 20134443P Applicant Documents Required Documents Resume Cover Letter Reference Contact Info Optional Documents Other Other 2