Responsibilities Provide oversight over architecture and design across all web/mobile technology products and initiatives. Collaborate with the delivery teams to determine technical direction and approach to system design and implementation. Provide strong technical leadership and mentoring to teams with diverse skill sets and roles, such as architects, developers, testers, and business analysts. Shape architecture, technical direction, culture, and processes in web and mobile domains to achieve the desired business outcomes. Create and maintain digital technology roadmaps, ensuring that they align with the company’s current and future business needs, conform to the internal and industry best practices, and account for available skillsets, team maturity, governance, and development and operation practices. Work with the product owners and business sponsors on the definition of product and experience vision and execution strategy. Provide strategic guidance and decision support to IT management and business partners. Communicate important decisions to senior leadership and keep them informed of progress throughout the entire software development life cycle. Effectively communicate trade-offs and risks; drive key decisions across projects and manage expectations. Drive strategic innovation in the web and mobile domains; develop prototypes, communicate and showcase innovative solutions and their business value to stakeholders. Stay on top of the current and emerging technology trends and best practices. Evaluate and prototype potential technologies and overall solutions for planned initiatives. Architecture thought leader, innovator and subject matter expert in the Digital Web and Mobile domain • Experience driving innovation and creative solutions, designing new and differentiated experiences • Solid IT implementation and solutions delivery experience • Possesses strong interpersonal, facilitation and consensus building skills • Proven ability to obtain cooperation and build trust internally and externally • Exhibits mature judgment, solid credibility and ethics • Ability to build positive working relationships with third party technology vendors (US and international) • Ability to communicate effectively and persuasively with management & peers • Experience managing a technical team including interviewing, coaching and developing people and teams • Ability to drive innovation in a practical, actionable way. Requirements 10+ years of hands-on experience in architecture, design and development of commercial Websites, Mobile applications, APIs and Web services in large and complex enterprise environments. 5+ years of experience working in complex, high traffic web and e-commerce environments. 5+ years of agile/scrum experience using automation, continuous or frequent integration, continuous or frequent delivery, DevOps practices, etc. 3+ years of experience leading technical teams. Expert knowledge of marketing concepts, tools, and solutions that may include DMP, tag management, audience/segmentation platforms, cross-device and cross-channel guest data stitching, channel attribution, etc. Practical experience architecting and implementing solutions that include many of the above. Hospitality or related travel and entertainment industry experience is a big plus. Prefer experience with call center solutions (e.g. voice analytics), chatbots, IoT, machine learning. Solid understanding of security, network, servers, storage, and database architectures. Experience collaborating with and influencing senior stakeholders at the director and above level. Up to 10% travel possible