As a Microsoft Retail Store employee, you have the unique opportunity to impact our company's mission every single day. Microsoft Retail Stores are the hub of cutting-edge devices and services, providing our customers the opportunity to immerse themselves in the latest and greatest in technology solutions that fit into their everyday lifestyle. As a member of our global Stores team, we value your unique perspective, background, experiences, talents and abilities. We are seeking store teammates who will make authentic connections and provide world-class service to our consumer and small to medium size business customers who come from all walks of life. These connections transform them into Microsoft-brand fans. We provide: A work environment that is diverse, inclusive, and welcoming of all Training that will make you feel empowered to do your best work even if you aren’t a tech expert Career opportunities for all our employees Fantastic, comprehensive and competitive benefits for full-time and part-time employees Gratitude & recognition for our awesome employees Belief that at Microsoft WeWinAsATeam The Product Advisor-Business Expert is instrumental in supporting the growth of commercial sales in our retail stores. This role works closely with the Business Sales Specialist (BSS) and Community Development Specialist (CDS) in driving business results, small to medium size business (SMB) program initiatives, & expanding the existing customer base through peer and customer engagements. Business Experts will spend their time influencing, inspiring and shaping the SMB culture and processes in the store, while assisting with the growth and management of accounts. Our experts lead with world class customer service and empower our customers to achieve more through device and software utilization. Responsibilities Customer Obsession Help business and commercial customers discover, buy, use, and love Microsoft technology solutions and services that meets and exceeds their individual and business needs Evangelize commercial product offerings through in-store experiences and learning engagements Build on increased utilization with devices customers own and love in the office, on the go while mobile, and at home Adaptability Effectively respond to changing in-store consumer and business environment, circumstances, and situations through customer engagements Ability to facilitate business engagement experiences through in store briefings, workshops, events, and demos Drive for Results Continuously building your level of knowledge around commercial devices and services while articulating the Microsoft Stores value proposition to our customers Utilize analytical and organizational skills by maintaining meticulous reporting and records in the store's customer relationship management (CRM) database Maintain a sense of urgency and accuracy when creating customer quotations and technology recommendations under the oversight and guidance of the Store Manager and BSS Influencing for Impact Empower and engage with peers, store leaders, corporate and field team members in the development of innovative ways to drive business impact in the SMB space, building on our WeWinAsATeam culture Possesses the ability to persuade positive business outcomes through in-store interactions with customers and team mates’ Foster SMB relationships locally through events that illuminate brand awareness within our community Collaboration Act as the business liaison to all team mates on training and learning of our commercial products and services as well as monitor the learning progress on commercial initiatives in partnership with the in-store Retail Learning Specialist (RLS) and BSS. Distill information collected on important initiatives and learnings from weekly Microsoft Direct Business Sales calls; communicating takeaways and action items with in-store teams Qualifications Required Qualifications 1+ year’s retail sales or customer service experience Valid authorization to work in the U.S. is required; no visa sponsorship is available for this position. Preferred Qualifications Retail leadership experience Commercial sales generation and/or account management experience Experience in selling consumer electronics or technology solutions Proven success in metrics-driven, consultative sales environment Experience in maintaining a client relationship management database (Microsoft Dynamics CRM preferred) Deep understanding of Microsoft products including, but not limited to: Windows, Xbox, Windows Phone, Surface, and cross-platform services like Skype, OneDrive, OneNote, and Office and how each of those products competes in the marketplace. Microsoft certifications OR experience/education in technology/IT Disclaimer: This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this position. The actual duties, responsibilities, and qualification may vary based on assignment or group. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.