Technical Support Analyst - MOL002142 About Us Molecular Devices, LLC creates innovative, high-quality bioanalysis solutions that increase our customers’ productivity. By joining Molecular Devices, you will work with best-in-class people who share a common purpose, to be our customers' first choice for systems, consumables, software, and support that advance both basic and applied life science discovery. Our core values are critical elements of our past and future success - The best team wins. Customers talk, we listen. Continuous improvement is our way of life. Leading edge innovation defines our future. We compete for our shareholders. Molecular Devices offers a broad array of comprehensive, competitive benefit programs that add value to associates' and their families' lives. Whether it's a health care program or paid time off, our programs contribute to life beyond the job. Check out our benefits. We think you'll like what you see. Molecular Devices is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, gender, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other characteristic protected by law. Be sure to follow us on LinkedIn! Description Position Summary: As a Technical Support Analyst, this role will require both technical and interpersonal skills. As the first point of contact and support for the entire IT organization, the analyst must be able to explain technical issues to non- technical users. Primary duties of the technician include assessing incidents and requests and resolving issues when possible as well as assisting with more complex technical issues. The Analyst also participates in other desktop system work such as configuring and deploying new systems, maintaining existing hardware and software and assisting in employee moves. The position is responsible to recommend and develop procedures and standards that improve the quality and delivery of service to customers. Responsibilities: Following established procedures to independently manage incoming phone calls, ticketing system queues, and electronic requests for service for internal staff working locally and remotely in home offices. Perform second tier desk side support for incident management globally; route out-of-job scope requests to other IT groups when necessary. Resolve or escalate incidents and requests as required to ensure quality service within established service targets. Ensure that all interactions are documented via the electronic case management software with clear technical descriptions of incidents / requests, work done to resolve and indicating all client interactions. Support remote users via phone and remote management software. Support and manage desktops, laptops, telephones, mobile devices and shared resources such as printers, shared workstations, conference rooms including video conferencing, and projectors. Build, configure, maintain and manage new or repurposed PC systems for new employees. Maintain existing PC systems, and repair as needed. Read and thoroughly understand SCIEX policies. Attain a clear understanding of the additional security and privacy requirements of working in a regulated environment. Coordinate with various IT groups in resolving incidents and fulfilling requests based on established guidelines. Manage user accounts in Active Directory and other systems as required according to established policies and procedures. Manage user security groups in Active Directory for Folder Permissions, quotas and storage management. Generate customer facing and departmental documents. Ability to perform move/add/changes in network closet and for voice-over-IP systems. Recommend and develop procedures and standards to improve the quality and delivery of service to customers. Serve as a referral point for more complex technical issues. Assist in the definition requirements and research for new desktop computing solutions. Participate in after-hours server patching, change requests and on-call support rotation as required. Assist with or lead Information Systems projects as required. Work as part of a team. Follow written guidelines and adhere to Standard Operating Procedures is critical, as is the ability to clearly document actions taken. Excellent verbal and written communication skills are required. Strong communicator with ability to maintain open communication with internal employees, managers and customers. Troubleshoot complex technical issues. Integrate and apply feedback in a professional manner. Improve procedures and standards ensuring quality and delivery of service to customers. Problem Management Root Cause Analysis skills. Prioritize and drive to results with a high emphasis on quality. Minimal supervision required. Travel, Physical Demands and Work Environment: Working from San Jose, Redwood City and Fremont offices Some travel maybe required, but will not exceed 25% Willing to work in a 24x7 environment On-call duty required Standing or sitting for long periods of time may be necessary Some lifting (greater than 25 pounds) may be necessary; Facilities, Materials and IT employees occasionally must lift at least 50-75 pounds Qualifications Required: Associates Degree with a focus in IT, Computer Science or Related Discipline 8+ years’ experience providing end user assistance in a networked Windows environment. 3 years help desk, service desk, or support center experience including supporting remote users or sites and home office configurations. 5 years’ desk side support in a Windows/Intel environment, experienced supporting Intel based desktop and laptop hardware. Ability to troubleshoot issues with peripherals, communication issues, etc. 5+ years’ experience installing, configuring, troubleshooting and supporting Windows applications. Knowledge of Microsoft Office 365 is required, including Outlook and Visio. 2+ years Window server file share management, Active Directory security and base first tier triage. 2+ years’ experience of TCP/IP networks and Ethernet technology as it applies to end user connections, Ability to troubleshoot network connectivity issues for both wired and wireless network connections, and experience supporting remote connections, VPN, firewalls, and routers including remote and home based offices. 2+ years’ Experience with networking and collaboration technology solutions such as projectors, presentation workstations, printers, copiers, scanners, and Fax machines. Preferred: Experience with Microsoft BitLocker encryption. Experience with PDV applications and their server architecture such as: Enovia, Solidworks PDM Enterprise, Subversion, Perforce. Executive support experience. Experience supporting mobile devices. ITIL (Foundation), Microsoft (MCSA), Cisco (CCNA) or Dell certifications or training. Experience and understanding of special needs in a regulated healthcare environment including operating according to Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs). MOLRSR Danaher Corporation Overview Danaher is a global science & technology innovator committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges and improve quality of life worldwide. Our world class brands are leaders in some of the most demanding and attractive industries, including life sciences, medical diagnostics, dental, environmental and applied solutions. Our globally diverse team of 67,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System, which serves as our competitive advantage. We generated $18.3B in revenue last year. We are ranked 162 on the Fortune 500 and our stock has outperformed the S&P 500 by more than 1,200% over 20 years. At Danaher, you can build a career in a way no other company can duplicate. Our brands allow us to offer dynamic careers across multiple industries. We’re innovative, fast-paced, results-oriented, and we win. We need talented people to keep winning. Here you’ll learn how DBS is used to shape strategy, focus execution, align our people, and create value for customers and shareholders. Come join our winning team. Organization : Molecular Devices Job Function : Information Technology Primary Location : North America-North America-United States-CA-San Jose Schedule : Full-time