Cybersecurity Technology Controls (CTC) delivers streamlined and consistent solutions supporting JPMorgan Chase’s Controls, Access Management and IT Risk agendas, with a focus on stability, delivery, efficiencies and people. The goal of CTC is to drive standardization, consistency and simplicity in a JPMorgan Chase architecture that fosters long-term productivity, quality and innovation across the entire enterprise. The disciplines within this organization are Oversight & Controls Technology, Identity & Access Management, IT Risk & Controls, and Third Party Risk Management. The Global Identity and Access Management (GIAM) organization within CTC provides access control governance and Identity Services for all lines of business (LOBs) globally, providing the right access to the right people at the right time for all technology platforms and applications supported by CTC, and provides a comprehensive set of applications, tools, and staff to globally implement, monitor and manage technology risk solutions. As a Software Engineer for Role Based Access Control, your mission is to create next-generation solutions that improve the way our business is run. Your knowledge of design, analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming will enable you to develop solutions that satisfy both business and functional requirements. Your will embrace leading-edge technologies and methodologies. And best of all, you’ll be able to harness massive amounts of brainpower through our global network of technologists from around the world. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: Knowledge of application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines, understanding of architecture and design across all systems proficiency in developmental toolsets. Ability to collaborate with high-performing teams and individuals throughout the firm to accomplish common goals. Develop features solutions for the full stack; UI, Java-based back-end, database and messaging Apply latest DevOps concepts to continuously improve and transform platform into a highly available, highly maintainable platform – including but not limited to code, policy, processes and tools. Improve monitoring, automated validation and synthetic transactions, collaboration between Dev and Ops and automated SDLC tool chain. Work collaboratively in an Agile Feature team setup with team members located across different locations and time zones. Contribute to delivery success across teams as a technology coach and lead developer. Monitor production activities/processes to ensure timely and effective reporting, tracking, follow-up and communication of problems to internal and external clients, technical resources. This position is anticipated to require the use of one or more High Security Access (HSA) systems. Users of these systems are subject to enhanced screening which includes both criminal and credit background checks, and/or other enhanced screening at the time of accepting the position and on an annual basis thereafter. The enhanced screening will need to be successfully completed prior to commencing employment or assignment. Essential: 2+ years of development experience Strong knowledge of and experience in developing solutions for the full stack; UI, Java-based back-end, database and messaging History of working in and/or collaborating with teams of developers and engineers Experience developing mission critical platforms which have low error rates. A security and control mindset When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. Ready to use your expertise and experience to drive change? Apply today.