Occidental Petroleum Corporation (NYSE: OXY) is an international oil and gas exploration and production company, and its OxyChem subsidiary is a major North American chemical manufacturer. We are one of the largest U.S. oil and gas companies, based on equity market capitalization, with more than 40,000 employees and contractors worldwide. Our greatest asset has been and will continue to be our people. We are currently looking for a Statistician with a solid theoretical and applied background to fill an exciting role with Occidental Petroleum (OXY). As a statistician at OXY, you will be part of a small analytics team that apply statistical methods to varieties of problems including supply-chain problems, oil production, drilling and completion among others. We have a long portfolio of projects and a great amount of executive support for growth and expansion. As member of this new team, you will have a unique opportunity to define the culture and future of data at OXY. Key Responsibilities: Collaborate with subject matter experts to select the relevant sources of information and formulate the right questions and problems. Identify what data is available and relevant, including internal and external data sources, leveraging new data collection processes. Demonstrate the scientific qualities: clarity, accuracy, precision, relevance, depth, breadth, logic, significance, and fairness. Present and depict the rationale of findings in easy to understand terms for the business. Present back results that contradict common belief, if needed. Provide on-going tracking and monitoring of performance of deployed decision systems and statistical models. Qualifications Required Knowledge, Skills and Competencies: _Basic_ 5+ years of industrial/academic experience in statistical sciences, econometrics, statistical physics, applied mathematics, etc. No prior experience in oil and gas industry is required. Highly experienced and educated in a two of the following areas: clinical trials, epidemiology, survival data analysis, spatial and spatio-temporal statistics, time series analysis, causal and graphical models, high dimensional data and statistical learning, hypothesis tests, design of experiments, statistical simulation, visualization, Bayesian analysis, etc. Highly experienced with R or Python for analysis of data. Graduate degrees in Statistics, Economy, Mathematics, Industrial Engineering, or Physics. Minimum three published peer-reviewed articles in prestigious related conference proceedings/journals. Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills. _Advanced_ Some background in advanced data structures and algorithms, artificial intelligence, and numerical analysis is a plus. PhD preferred. _Behavioral_ Effective team player who takes an active role in team responsibilities Strong time management skills. Ability to work with minimum of supervision. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to multi-task many activities at the same time Other Requirements Must have legal authorization to work in the US on a fulltime basis. Occidental is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Individual with Disability/Veteran Status