_Accepting Applications Until 8/10/2018_ Who We Are Project for Pride in Living, Inc. (PPL) is a nonprofit organization dedicated to empowering low-income people to become self-reliant through integrated services. When joining PPL, you become a part of a diverse team whose goal is to assist our residents and communities with the groundwork they need, not only to survive, but also to thrive. We are eager to welcome others to our team who are dedicated to serving our residents and pursuing our mission to _build the hope, assets, and self-reliance of individuals and families who have lower incomes by providing transformative affordable housing and employment readiness services._ Job Summary PPL is looking for a bright mind that is interested in becoming an essential leader within our data management team. This unique position works cross- departmentally to provide strategic application administration and guide participant data management processes. Strong application, user support, data management, process improvement and custom reporting skills will be key. PPL is a results-driven organization that is committed to a thoughtful approach to data collection and management practices. Additional responsibilities include: Data Management & Custom Reporting (25%) Develop and execute plans, policies, practices and procedures that manage and enhance the value of PPL’s participant data through the full data lifecycle. Coordinate and build complex, custom reports that enable staff to access and analyze data quickly. Identify and facilitate development of interfaces between applications that allow for seamless data sharing and reduced staff entry. Collaborate on creative and user-friendly systems that allow for reduction of staff data entry into internal and external, funder mandated databases. Form and lead internal staff committee focused on transformative data management and analysis. Participant Application Strategy & Administration (Yardi 40%; Apricot 35%) Manage and enhance key participant-focused applications and workflows: Envision and coordinate strategic development and integration of property management and service applications. Create innovative and user-friendly systems to provide a shared user experience and increase staff impact. Provide high-quality user support, help desk and training. Create and maintain training programs. Integrate acquired and new/upgraded properties into the system. Troubleshoot and correct application technical issues; work with application staff and internal IT as needed. Build and maintain reports and staff dashboards; formalize internal systems that share data between departments. Assist department staff in the creation of data quality improvement strategies. Monitor and administer application security. Maintain contracts and vendor relationships. Research, lead selection and test new applications and customizations; lead systems launch as needed. Bachelor’s degree preferred or 3-5 years related experience. Demonstrated expertise of continuous improvement of processes and systems. Demonstrated expertise of computer software applications, such as Yardi and Social Solutions Apricot or an equivalent participant/client data management software platform. Advanced computer aptitude. Familiar with SQL or reporting software; desired experience with HTML, queries or databases. Strong report building and query skills. Experience with data analytics. Experience in creation and implementation of training. Ability to work in a collaborative manner with supervisor, IT, Property Management, Resident Services, Employment Readiness, Finance and Development teams. Strong critical thinking and mature decision-making skills; maintain confidential information. Self-starter with the desire and ability to work independently with minimal direction. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Strong organizational skills and ability to prioritize workload. Results oriented—create accurate and timely application improvements; ability to meet deadlines. Strong desire to work strategically, create frameworks, analyze data and evaluate results. Strong desire to contribute skills to a mission-driven nonprofit. Commitment to PPL’s vision of advancing diversity, equity and inclusion. Work along-side Directors/Managers to guide development of systems, reporting structures and procedures. Identify and implement application improvement opportunities. Minimum Requirements Benefits: Benefits will include Health & Dental; Employer Paid Short & Long Term Disability Insurance, Employer Paid Life Insurance; Voluntary Life Insurance; Health Savings Account (HSA) or Flexible Spending Account (FSA); PTO & Paid Holidays; 403(b) Retirement Plan with Employer Match. Salary: $58,000-$65.000, DOQ _PPL is an EEO/AA employer. PPL participates in the federal E-verify program to confirm the identity and employment authorization of all newly hired employees._ _In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, the organization will provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities and encourages both prospective and current employees to discuss potential accommodations with the employer._