Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers. Data Management is a cross functional team that develops and implements data management frameworks, solutions, and processes across internal and 3rd party systems. The Data Management team addresses a diverse set of technical challenges, including managing large volumes of corporate data, enabling data discovery and security, mastering and integrating disparate datasets, and delivering to our business partners a clean, secure data marketplace for reporting and advanced analytics. In this role you will work closely with Engineering, Business and Product partner teams and leadership across functions to define strategies, align project priorities and coordinate execution. You will enable extended team effectiveness and productivity by providing insight, plans and process to execute highly cross-functional projects at scale. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible. Responsibilities Work with Product and Engineering Leadership to define vision and roadmaps to develop and implement data management frameworks and solutions. Use technical judgment to challenge proposals and develop recommendations that translate into an effective course of action. Lead projects that help scale the group, implement best practices, improve methodology and increase effectiveness of cross-functional project delivery. Play a key role in improving operational efficiencies through system automation and process improvements. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or related fields, or equivalent practical experience. 15 years of relevant industry experience. Proven experience leading large cross functional, multi-team, data-centric software development programs and 3rd party implementations. Preferred qualifications: MS degree. Experience implementing 3rd party SaaS tools, MDM, ERPs (e.g. Oracle, SAP, etc.), CRM, and other complex solutions. Experience in defining, implementing and running Data Governance efforts. Comfortable navigating ambiguity. Developed technical acumen and strong organizational, project management, analysis and communication skills. Data centric skills and focus (e.g. master data management, data analysis, data quality, data integration, data governance, analytics, etc). At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.