Overview Element has an opportunity for a _Contract_ Administrator Assistant to join our growing team. This is a great opportunity to develop your Administration career within a Global TIC business. Work is to be performed in accordance with established QA and ITAR/EAR Trade Compliance procedures. Responsibilities Greet, receive and check in guests upon entry to the front office Answer incoming phone calls and forward to the appropriate personnel Maintain Dynamics AX/CRM database – adding new companies/contacts, processing requests for quotes Process new purchase orders for order placement using Dynamics AX software. Assist with technical report writing Maintains supplies inventory by checking stock to determine inventory level; anticipating needed supplies; placing and expediting orders for supplies; verifying receipt of supplies Assist the Administrative Supervisor with various tasks as assigned Occasional use of personal vehicle to drive to other local Element locations and run errands Skills / Qualifications High school diploma or general education degree (GED), associated degree preferred 2 years of front desk and or/administrative assistant experience required Strong customer service experience with a professional demeanor Company Overview Element is the best and most trusted testing partner in the world providing high value, critical services to the Aerospace, Transportation, Oil & Gas, Fire & Building Products and Infrastructure & Environmental sectors, where failure is not an option. Our purpose is a simple one. We make certain that all of the materials, products and devices we test, inspect and certify for our customers are always safe in their end application; are of marketable quality; are compliant with all relevant industry standards and regulations and are ultimately fit for purpose. Element’s expanded network of over 6,000 Engaged Experts are trusted by organizations to test and advise on the safety, quality, performance and compliance of their products, systems and operations. Diversity Statement At Element, we always take pride in putting our people first. We are an equal opportunity employer that recognizes diversity and inclusion as fundamental to our Vision of becoming “the world’s most trusted testing partner”. All suitably qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment on the basis of objective work related criteria and without regard for the following: race, colour, age, religion, gender, national origin, disability, and/or protected veteran status, or other characteristics in accordance with the applicable governing laws.