Who We Are: SnapLogic is the leader in self-service application and data integration. Our mission is to make it fast and easy for users to access, connect and analyze enterprise data to improve business processes, accelerate decision-making, and drive better business outcomes. SnapLogic’s Enterprise Integration Cloud [https://www.snaplogic.com/enterprise-integration-cloud] accelerates data flow across applications, databases, data warehouses, big data streams, and IoT deployments – whether on premises or in the cloud. Unlike traditional integration software that requires painstaking, hand-crafted coding by teams of developers, SnapLogic’s simple but powerful platform enables both IT and business users to create quality, scalable data pipelines that get the right data to the right people at the right time. Hundreds of customers across the Global 2000 – including Adobe, AstraZeneca, Box, GameStop, Verizon, and Wendy’s – rely on SnapLogic to connect enterprise data to ensure a compelling return on their application, big data and IoT investments. SnapLogic was founded by data industry veteran Gaurav Dhillon and is backed by blue-chip investors including Andreessen Horowitz, Capital One, Ignition Partners, Microsoft, Triangle Peak Partners, and Vitruvian Partners. Learn more at www.snaplogic.com [https://www.snaplogic.com/]. The Role: The Global Account Manager is a senior sales role which requires tact, credibility, energy and drive. A successful candidate will have demonstrated success in strategic account “land and expand” enterprise sales with a technical flare. What You’ll Do: Prospect into assigned accounts, securing meaningful conversations with people that matter Articulate and manage SnapLogic’s complex sales cycles to present the value of our full product suite to decision makers Develop and manage key relationships throughout assigned strategic accounts, from technical individual contributors to C-level executives Practice operational discipline by maintaining accurate opportunity and activity management in salesforce.com [http://salesforce.com/], while creating satisfied, referenceable customers What We’re Looking For: 10+ years of quota-carrying experience in a complex technology solution-selling environment Proven track record of consistently meeting and exceeding sales quota Both SaaS and on-premise selling experience are a MUST Previous Sales Methodology training, SaaS integration or applications experience, and strong customer references preferred Demonstrated success managing the sales cycle from business/IT champion to C-level executives A polished executive presence and poise that exudes credibility Demonstrated exceptional written and verbal communications skills Strong negotiation skills Bachelor’s Degree required Experience working in a start-up environment strongly preferred Why Join Now: There’s never been a better time to join SnapLogic. Here are the top 6 reasons to join the SnapLogic team: Hot Market: With the proliferation of cloud apps, explosion of big data sources, emergence of IoT, and an increasingly complex data landscape, the need for integration technologies has risen to the top of the agenda for data-driven companies. According to industry analysts, the Integration Platform as a Service (iPaaS) market grew by 70% in 2017, the fastest growth area in the application infrastructure and middleware market. Company Momentum: In 2017, fueled by its best-ever Q4, SnapLogic saw triple-digit bookings growth year-over-year, adding global customers like Emirates, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Illumina, PwC, Qualcomm, Schneider Electric, Smith College, Thomson Reuters, and Workday. Driven by the 250+ of industry's best and brightest employees in offices across North America, the UK, and India along with a constantly growing network of industry partners, SnapLogic has consistently acquired recognition from analysts, reporters, industry boards and communities. AI-fueled Product Innovation: SnapLogic’s modern, self-service, cloud-native platform makes integration fast and easy with no coding – for IT and business managers alike. Earlier this year, SnapLogic celebrated the one-year anniversary of its industry-first artificial intelligence technology, called Iris AI, which underpins a series of exciting innovations set to debut over the next 2-3 years to drive the future of autonomous integration. Happy Customers: Our customers are seeing unmatched results with the SnapLogic platform. Adobe enabled 800+ “citizen integrators” and saved millions per year. AstraZeneca enabled 600+ self-service users globally on a single platform for both apps and data. Box connected 24 + apps in months with only 1.5 developers. SnapLogic’s customer retention rate is 95%+, and analysts recognize SnapLogic as the industry leader in customer satisfaction. Industry Recognition: Throughout the years, industry-watchers have recognized our company, products, customers, and employees as best-in-class. Gartner recognized SnapLogic as a Leader for the third straight year in their Magic Quadrant for Integration Platform as a Service (iPaaS) [https://www.snaplogic.com/resources/analyst-reports/gartner-names-snaplogic- leader-magic-quadrant-ipaas], Mogul named SnapLogic among the Top100 Companies for Millennial Women in 2017, CRN Magazine picked SnapLogic as a top innovator in their 2018 Big Data 100 List [https://www.crn.com/slide-shows/managed-services/300103171/2018-big- data-100-45-coolest-data-management-and-integration- vendors.htm/pgno/0/35?itc=refresh], and DBTA Magazine named SnapLogic among the Top 100 Companies That Matter Most in Data [http://www.dbta.com/Editorial/Trends-and-Applications/DBTA-100-2017---The- Companies-That-Matter-Most-in-Data-118003.aspx]. Vibrant Company Culture: We firmly believe that our people are our strongest asset as a company and we never lose sight of that fact. Our work environment and employee programs and services are all geared to ensure that our employees have challenging and meaningful roles and also a great place to do the best work of their careers. Our efforts to keep our culture thriving and strong are paying off: for two years’ running, we have been named a Bay Area Top Workplace [https://topworkplaces.com/publication/bayarea/] by the Bay Area News Group and Mogul selected SnapLogic for their list of the Top 100 Companies for Millenial Women. [https://onmogul.com/stories/mogul-s-top-100-companies-for-millennial-women- in-2017] SnapLogic is headquartered in San Mateo, CA with offices in New York, NY; London, UK; and Hyderabad, India. To all recruitment agencies: SnapLogic does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to SnapLogic employees or to any other company location. SnapLogic is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the company. SnapLogic provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. SnapLogic complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. SnapLogic expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of SnapLogic employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated.