Job Description DomainTools is seeking a mid level Software Engineer to join our team. This position is perfect for someone interested in building powerful cybersecurity products and features for our enterprise customers. Our solutions help fuel mission critical efforts for customers including gathering threat intelligence, doing threat hunting, performing online fraud investigation, and more. At DomainTools we process and display information about relationships between hundreds of millions of domains, IP addresses, and domain ownership records. As a Software Engineer, you will help develop and improve products that encourage user discovery and experimentation with our large data sets. This is a full-time permanent position in our offices in Seattle (Belltown). Job Responsibilities Produce well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices. Integrate with and utilize data from backend services and databases. Build web applications using HTML5/CSS3 best practices. Contribute to new product ideation and implementation. Contribute to feature development of existing and new anti-cybercrime tools. Provide code reviews and design feedback with teammates. Become a subject matter expert on DomainTools’ customer facing products and services. Key Applicant Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science or related field. Work experience: 3+ years of PHP development in a production environment. Knowledge of object oriented PHP programming Solid knowledge of ECMAScript 2018 ( JavaScript ). Solid knowledge of AngularJS 1.x and/or React. Solid knowledge of HTML5 and CSS3+. Proficient working with MySQL databases. Experience with software development in a Linux/Unix environment. Positive attitude with strong attention to detail and a desire to produce high-quality results. Ability to self organize and work independently as well as in a team. Solid time management skills. Self motivated & self-starting. Well-developed written and spoken communication and interpersonal skills at all levels. Pluses: Experience with Git. Experience with PHP7 Familiarity with Babel and Webpack. Experience with unit and integration testing. Experience using agile principles and methodologies. Company Overview DomainTools helps security analysts turn threat data into threat intelligence. We take indicators from your network, including domains and IPs, and connect them with nearly every active domain on the Internet. Those connections inform risk assessments, help profile attackers, guide online fraud investigations, and map cyber activity to attacker infrastructure. Fortune 1000 companies, global government agencies, and leading security solution vendors use the DomainTools platform as a critical ingredient in their threat investigation and mitigation work. We are located in Belltown (downtown Seattle) in a very cool office staffed with smart and energetic co-workers. We provide great benefits and some outstanding perks. DomainTools is an Equal Opportunity Employer.