Overview Responsible for unlocking the value in our ever-growing data by creating new and improved techniques and solutions for data collection, management, usage and reporting. Responsibilities Core Accountabilities: Collect, transform, analyze, and refine operational and customer data. Build-out data structures designed to efficiently answer business questions. Assist in evolving data structures from a MSSQL Server footprint into a data lake environment. Develop, implement and tune current ETL processes. Assist with ad hoc report generation and analysis for merchandise and customers. Create pipelines from internal and external data sources to AWS using custom python scripts. Assist in managing our Tableau ecosystem and provide technical support. Qualifications Education/Experience Required: Bachelor’s degree required 5 years of experience in database technologies Minimum 3 years of experience in Data Warehousing Experience with AWS tools (S3/EC2/Athena/Redshift Spectrum/IAM) Experience with Python Experience with Bash Deep experience with data modeling, data pipelines, SQL, AWS, and distributed compute platforms Experience building effective relationships with a broad range of partners Ability to communicate well with partners, both technical and non-technical Physical Requirements: The physical demands described here are representative of those that are required by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the associate is regularly required to talk or hear. The associate is frequently required to sit; stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; as well as reach with hands and arms. The associate must frequently lift and/or move up to 15 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 35 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. Ability to work in open environment with fluctuating temperatures and standard lighting Ability to work on computer and mobile phone for multiple hours; with frequent interruptions Required to travel in elevator or stairwells to attend meetings and engage with associates on multiple floors throughout building Hotel, Airplane, and Car Travel Required Position Type/Expected Hours of Work: This is a full-time position. As an International Retailer, occasional evening and/or weekend work may be required during periods of high volume. This role operates in a professional office environment and routinely uses standard office equipment. Other Considerations: Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the associate for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. Reasonable accommodations may be made to qualified individuals with disabilities to enable them to perform the essential functions of the role.