PwC/LOS Overview PwC is a network of firms committed to delivering quality in assurance, tax and advisory services. We help resolve complex issues for our clients and identify opportunities. Learn more about us at www.pwc.com/us. At PwC, we develop leaders at all levels. The distinctive leadership framework we call the PwC Professional (http://pwc.to/pwcpro) provides our people with a road map to grow their skills and build their careers. Our approach to ongoing development shapes employees into leaders, no matter the role or job title. Are you ready to build a career in a rapidly changing world? Developing as a PwC Professional means that you will be ready to create and capture opportunities to advance your career and fulfill your potential. To learn more, visit us at www.pwc.com/careers. PwC Advisory helps our clients with their most challenging imperatives from strategy through execution. We combine the breadth of knowledge of over 48,000 global professionals with deep industry knowledge to deliver custom solutions for our clients. We work with the world's largest and most complex companies and understand the unique business issues and opportunities our clients face. Job Description Across industries, our clients are focused on improving business performance, responding quickly and effectively to crisis situations, and extracting value from transactions. Our growing Technology, Information, Communications & Entertainment Media (TICE) practice provides management, technology and risk consulting services to help a diverse set of clients around the world anticipate and address their most complex business challenges. TICE includes multiple sectors: Entertainment, Media & Communications, Private Equity, and Technology. Our Information Management consultants help clients maximize the value of their data. This high performing team helps clients define their information strategy, architecture and governance, get the most value from business intelligence and analytics, and implement enterprise content and data management solutions to reduce cost and complexity, increase trust and integrity, and improve operational effectiveness. Position/Program Requirements Minimum Years of Experience: 6 Minimum Degree Required: Bachelor's degree Minimum Degree Required Major: in Computer Science or any MIS related field Knowledge Preferred: Demonstrates extensive knowledge of managing client engagement teams that design and develop business intelligence (BI) and predictive models for data warehouse (DW) information management architecture, including: Evaluating enterprise DW architecture feasibility, risk and technologies related to business change (i.e. assessing, identifying and recommending BI and related business stakeholders' data requirements; BI solution prototyping and development; processes and performance from business and technical standpoints; and the impact of data changes on business and/or IT processes); Advising CXO's on emerging BI/DW technologies and strategies consistent with clients' business strategies; Prioritizing, preparing and implementing BI and/or DW architectural improvements (i.e. developing and recommending alternative DW technical and data management solutions, methodologies, strategies and architectural improvement plans) ; Developing and validating business stakeholders' conceptual data models, including socializing and implementing logical and physical DW/data mart data models; identifying data sources and metadata (including business rules, definitions, attributes, etc.) to deliver analytic requirements. Skills Preferred: Demonstrates extensive abilities interacting with end-users to understand and document business and functional requirements, data sources, metadata, and conceptual data models for complex projects, including at least two full lifecycle implementations, BI/SQL, DW/SQL/ETL/Modeling tools and other related technologies involving: BI and enterprise DW data management, modeling, integration and/or synchronization, quality, security, conversion and analysis, star schema and relational reporting models, enterprise data management policies, procedures, compliance and risk management and/or database administration, Design and development of data models, extraction code and cleansing routines utilizing typical data quality functions, i.e. standardization, transformation, rationalization, linking and matching that leverages data standards, processes and technology management for data, master data, and metadata; and, data security (including data masking and related data protection techniques) . Demonstrates extensive ability to develop a business vision and lead implementation efforts with complex project management capabilities, including: Identification and addressing of client needs developing and sustaining deep client relationships using networking, negotiation and persuasion skills to identify and sell potential new service opportunities; preparing and presenting complex written and verbal materials; and defining resource requirements, project workflow, budgets, billing and collection. Team leadership generating a vision, establishing direction and motivating members, creating an atmosphere of trust, leveraging diverse views, coaching staff, and encouraging improvement and innovation For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.