The Hennepin County Information Technology (IT) Department has two vacancies for two IT Technical Trainers. These positions will provide customer-focused end-user software training to Hennepin County employees including all aspects of analyzing, planning, developing, marketing and executing training curriculum. These positions will be located in downtown Minneapolis and employees will be expected to travel to other locations within Hennepin County for training sessions. The Hennepin County IT Department delivers innovative, effective, and timely business-driven information technology solutions in a secure, reliable, accessible, and fiscally responsible manner. Employees receive a combination of generous benefits and positive workplace culture not found at other organizations. This includes meaningful work, competitive pay, real work-life balance, generous benefits and opportunities to grow. We want our employees to succeed-not only at work, but as they move through life and its milestones. Learn more at https://www.hennepin.us/employees . Your future. Made here. The primary duties and responsibilities of this position include: Provide classroom and one-on-one end user software training of Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, OneNote, Skype, Excel, SharePoint, Office 365, etc.) and other enterprise technology solutions; enter class options and attendance of employee trainings into the Learning Management System. Conduct new employee computer set-up training weekly establishing a new password, setting up Outlook, and many more topics. Design/develop new training curriculum and update existing; create training materials in a variety of media (quick guides, classroom hand-outs, videos, PowerPoints, etc.); update and maintain technology tips. Develop and create both in-person and on-demand training courses. Create internal online technology reference materials for team collaboration. Assess and determine training needs of county employees regarding enterprise software and hardware; set quarterly training offerings and publish via our online scheduling system and county intranet site. Act as a point-of-contact when training is identified as a need for technology adoption and functionality understanding on new enterprise software/hardware; work with Knowledge Manager to ensure documentation for knowledge base is up-to-date and accurate; build relationships with technology leadership, key stakeholders and external vendors to develop appropriate curriculums to meet training goals and needs. Collaborate with trainers from across the county specific to technology training needs for the end users in their department. Research and recommend vendors and costs for various training methods including training classes from outside vendors, books, ready-made training guides, and computer or web-based training. Best Qualified Candidates will have: One of the following: Bachelor's degree in public administration, business administration, or other field appropriate to the position and four years or more of experience in general administrative work relating to the management of departmental/organizational operations, or the training and development of a workforce Work experience may be substituted for education on a year for year basis Experience with: Developing training materials including analyzing, planning, developing, marketing and executing training curriculum. Delivering training to adult end users of computer applications at varying skill levels. Delivering strong customer service by assisting employees with troubleshooting software applications in person and over the phone. Knowledge of principles and methods for curriculum and training design, teaching and instruction for individuals and groups, and the measurement of training KPIs. Advanced skill in computer applications including Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Outlook, Visio, SharePoint and Skype). Strong understanding of basic hardware and software, including troubleshooting. Strong presentation and public speaking skills, excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills. Ability to: Stand or sit for long periods of time. Seek out and learn new relevant hardware and software technology at the discretion of leadership and based on the technology roadmap. Understand county's current technology policies and model practices. Assist with marketing technology training service offerings. Motivate large and small groups of employees through training. Invitations to interview will be based upon an assessment of education and experience. A background check will be completed post interview.