Who we are? With more than 190,000 people, Capgemini is present in over 40 countries and celebrates its 50th Anniversary year in 2017. A global leader in consulting, technology and outsourcing services, the Group reported 2016 global revenues of EUR 12.5 billion. Together with its clients, Capgemini creates and delivers business, technology and digital solutions that fit their needs, enabling them to achieve innovation and competitiveness. A deeply multicultural organization, Capgemini has developed its own way of working, the Collaborative Business ExperienceTM, and draws on Rightshore®, its worldwide delivery model. Learn more about us at. www.capgemini.com/us-en/ Rightshore® is a trademark belonging to Capgemini Within Capgemini, the Cloud Infrastructure Services business provides leading solutions to large global customers through an integrated global sales and delivery model. We are a global team of committed professionals who advise, transform and run client IT services. We help organizations meet their business goals by transforming and managing their IT infrastructure landscape – leveraging innovations notably in automation and the cloud. Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini now or in the future Location: Anywhere USA, near a major airport Travel : 50% Fresh graduate with a IT or related degree welcome to apply. The focus of your role within Capgemini, what you do: Gathering information related to service requests, service catalog and functions from multiple sources; contracts, process documents, data definitions, direct interviews and workshops with business subject matter experts Develop and analyze functional requirements for systems implementations, integrations and orchestrations and assist converting the functional requirements into ServiceNow technical design Perform quality reviews to ensure requirements are documented properly Business Analyst in collaboration with clients and ServiceNow architects and developers assists in the implementation of IT Service Management practices within ServiceNow Platform based on Capgemini and industry standards Liaising with and interacting between business subject matter experts and IT development staff to facilitate the development of IT solutions Design, test and transition Service Management and Service Integration solutions within ServiceNow Platform Assist with designing and executing E2E trainings, process documents and UAT Assisting Delivery teams to rectify issues and improve service delivered to the customers against ServiceNow Platform Qualifications What you Bring: Experience Fresh graduates with an IT or related degree, welcome to apply. We will train. Experience of ServiceNow is highly preferred and 1 years of overall ITSM/SRM/Service Catalog/ITIL experience Demonstrated understanding of ITIL practices Experience with user acceptance testing (UAT), including test script creation, execution and signoffs Familiarity of automation solutions (IoT, Cloud, orchestrations etc.) is preferred Experience participating in software development lifecycle from business requirements and/or technical design documents Skills and Certifications Excellent analytical and problem solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong presentation development and Customer Presentation skills Successful teamwork experience Some familiarity with Service Desk Operations and Processes ITIL certification is preferred Bachelor Degree is preferred What we offer: Your career matters to you and is important to us too. Because your goals and needs are constantly evolving, we offer visibility, leeway and support to help you grow and progress in your career. This approach builds notably on our comprehensive competency framework, our personal development, training and career management programs, and our University innovative and business-focused learning curriculums. We promote a culture of diversity. We believe working with talented individuals from different backgrounds and points of view is a strategic advantage and an ongoing opportunity. Diversity enriches our creative solutions and adds value for our clients. Our Shared values have been at the heart of the group since our formation. They are honesty, boldness, trust, freedom, team spirit, modesty and fun. These values influence the way we meet client needs while respecting the regulatory requirements of each country in which we operate, and the way we promote ethically sound practices within Capgemini and in our partnerships. Capgemini America Inc. and its U.S. affiliates are EEO/AA employers. Capgemini conducts all employment-related activities without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, disability, citizenship status, genetics, or status as a Vietnam-era, special disabled and other covered veteran status. Capgemini is a Drug-Free Workplace employer. Capgemini is committed to building a workforce of employees with diverse backgrounds and work experiences. We strongly encourage veterans and active military service personnel to apply. LI-CV1