The Infrastructure Portfolio Architect – Platform is responsible in developing long-term strategies for a portfolio of technical capabilities by using a set of architecture artifacts, socializing and communicating the strategy to capability owners and senior leadership, and ensuring the strategy is followed, making necessary adjustments based on market pressures during strategy execution. The Portfolio Architect will also provide key solution architecture for their respective portfolios in alignment those strategies. Individuals in this role need to have and exhibit strong leadership skills and a commitment to the success of the company. Responsibilities The Portfolio Architect is responsible for managing a portfolio of several technical capabilities – This includes _planning_ (1 – 5 years), _selling_ of ideas and concepts, and _governing_ current projects against standards and patterns. The position will also be responsible for understanding and meeting with customers of their portfolio’s technical capabilities to understand their needs, conceptualizing and designing detailed solutions to meet those needs, and enabling the organization to meet business objectives. Provides technical leadership to ensure technical design and implementation are aligned with business requirements. Serves as the primary point of contact between the project team and the Architecture organization. Ensures compliance of technology solutions with architectural standards and patterns. Leads and/or participates in technology proofs-of-concept. Create and Manage Architecture Artifacts Portfolio taxonomy Roadmaps Standards, patterns, and decision workflow Position papers, whitepapers, and strategies Assesses Technology Conducts assessments of current business and technology architectures Conducts maturity assessment of assigned portfolios and asset readiness (e.g. availability, resiliency, DR) Identifies and documents any risks, issues or critical success factors and creates Decision Documents as necessary. Management During project implementations, align with Project Management and ensure budget and resource commitment to support roadmaps. Coach, mentor and support engineering teams in developing architectures. Project Assistance Partners with business analysts, systems analysts and engineers in gathering and reviewing non-functional requirements. Identifies key business and technology drivers that impact architectures, including end-user requirements, existing application environment (including legacy and packaged systems), and performance/availability requirements. Collaborates with application and infrastructure teams to understand scope and requirements. Assists projects within assigned portfolios with creating high level architecture blueprints and shepherding through the Architecture approval process. Best Practices Supports and helps mature the Architecture practice – framework, definitions, standards, patterns, and processes. Researches and maintains a deep understanding of current and emerging technologies to solve business problems. Required Qualifications Bachelor’s degree level of education or higher 8 years of IT experience 3+ years of IT Architecture experience Experience with operations/deployment methodologies and techniques (e.g. TOGAF, Zachman, COBIT, Agile, ITIL) 2+ years of experience in Solution Architecture designs and concepts 5 years of Windows Server, Linux, and/or RedHat Server Operating Systems experience 3 years of storage platform and storage protocols experience (Cloud and Object, SAN, and NAS; NetApp) FiberChannel, NFS, CIFS, iSCSI, FCoE DB Management Systems (DBMSes) experience including Windows SQL Server and Oracle Database. VMware and/or other hypervisor experience Preferred Qualifications Retail industry specific knowledge Experience delivering concurrent, large projects at all phases-from project ideation through design and delivery Knowledge of and how to create Functional, Non-Functional, and Technical requirements Familiar with deployment tools such as Vagrant, Puppet, and/or Ansible Disaster Recovery basics; RTO/RPO, and designs required to meet RTOs/RPOs Cloud knowledge specifically regarding Azure technologies Familiarity of the ELK stack, Docker, OpenShift technologies Familiar with Agile and Waterfall project methodologies Strong written and verbal communications skills Ability to communicate effectively with stakeholders, peers, and leadership, driving results and action Strong business acumen and the ability to identify key issues and their impact in a broad business context Candidate must be able to translate technology into business terms and value