Warehouse Selector - 18003772 Basic Purpose - Provide exceptional customer service to all customers through the receiving, putaway, replenishment, cycle counting, returns, and picker/packer processes per the established operating procedures. Operate all assigned equipment, including material handling, RF, and computer applications in accordance with standard operating procedures and policies. Comply with safety as detailed by the company and OSHA policies. Assist in other departments as decided by managers. Description - US Foods Culinary Equipment & Supplies, Specialty Operations division of US Foods, is seeking a Warehouse Selector for second shift in Plymouth, Minnesota. 1\. Develop and maintain an appropriate level of understanding of distribution center operations. Ensure all work is performed with a consistent sense of efficiency and urgency while ensuring quality. Work in compliance with system procedures, safety, labor management and warehouse management systems. 2\. Responsible for identifying and palletizing merchandise to allow for stocking in distribution center, replenishment and put away of product as well as any returned merchandise. 3\. Process work orders in the distribution center by manually selecting the correct products to build customer orders using RF device. This will include moving product by hand, pick cart, forklift or riding a pallet jack. 4\. Verify and audit merchandise in data terminal of warehouse management system. 5\. Validate that correct product has been selected and is damage free. 6\. Responsible for unloading and loading of trailers as well as stocking of incoming merchandise. 7\. Work in a safe and efficient manner, report any damages, resolve problems with manager assistance, perform various clean up duties, and maintain an acceptable level of attendance based on the attendance policy. 8\. Participate in and satisfactorily complete all required training and development programs required for the assigned position. Hours: Monday - Thursday: 1:30pm - 10:00pm; Friday: 8:00am - 4:30pm EOE Race/Color/Religion/Sex/National Origin/Protected Veteran/Disability Status Qualifications - Education/Training : High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or equivalent related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Must be at least 18 years of age. Related Experience/Requirements : Familiarity with material and supplies handling is required. Experience in warehousing, mail or shipping operations. Forklift certified. The incumbent must be certified to operate Forklift and other Warehouse Operations power equipment as defined by OSHA rules and regulations. Knowledge/Skills/Abilities : The position requires a high level of ability to process information accurately. In addition the position requires a high level of ability to use Warehouse Management System applications. The selector position is a material handling, labor intensive job in which exceptional customer service is provided by processing customer orders and handling product in the Culinary Equipment & Supplies Distribution Center in a safe and efficient manner. Physical Requirements JOB REQUIRES WORKER TO: 1. SIT Occasionally 2. STAND Continuously 3. WALK Occasionally 4. DRIVE Continuously JOB REQUIRES WORKER TO LIFT: 1. 1-10 lbs (Sedentary) Occasionally 2. 10-20 lbs (Light) Frequently 3. 25-50 lbs (Medium) Frequently 4. 50-100 lbs (Heavy) Frequently - max 80 lbs 5. Over 100 lbs (Very Heavy) Never JOB REQUIRES WORKER TO CARRY: 1. 1-10 lbs (Sedentary) Occasionally 2. 10-20 lbs (Light) Occasionally 3. 25-50 lbs (Medium) Occasionally 4. 50-100 lbs (Heavy) Occasionally – max 80 lb 5. Over 100 lbs (Very Heavy) Never JOB REQUIRES WORKER TO: 1. Push/pull Frequently Item: 2. Climb/balance Frequently Item: 3. Stoop/squat Frequently 4. Kneel/bend Frequently 5. Bend Frequently 6. Reach above shoulder Occasionally 7. Grasp objects Continuously Type: 8. Manipulate objects Frequently type: 9. Twisting Frequently Primary Location : MN-Twin Cities-Plymouth Schedule : Full-time Shift : Evening Job Job Function : Receiving Job Level : Individual Contributor Travel : No