Combined Insurance, a Chubb Company, is seeking a Manager, Quality to join our fast-paced, high energy, and growing company. For nearly 100 years in the insurance industry, our company has been passionate about serving our customers and providing them peace of mind and protection when they need it the most. Come build your career here, along with other positive, hard- working, talented professionals—just like you! JOB SUMMARY : The _mission_ of the Combined Operations team is to provide quality service to our customers and producers that provides a competitive advantage in the market and supports revenue growth for both existing and new sales channels and markets. Our _vision_ for Operations is to be a unified customer-focused organization emphasizing integrated service, cost effectiveness, efficiency and value. The Operations Strategy & Performance group is responsible for developing key strategies to improve the effectiveness of our Operations in the U.S. and Canada, providing the project leadership and support needed to implement these strategies, and assisting the Operations team with thought leadership and other consulting assistance as needed. The group also provides key support activities related to operational performance and quality including resource planning, scheduling, capacity management, performance measurement and reporting, quality assurance, etc. The Manager, Quality role is a leadership position within the Operations Strategy and Performance group reporting to the COE Lead. This role is responsible for the development and execution of analytics-driven quality assurance programs for North American Operations. Define quality standards, policies and objectives, and actively manage projects to develop quality assurance programs for maintaining a desired level of performance. Align organization to implement and support these quality assurance programs. Leverage quality management tools (e.g. Verint) to deliver, administer and monitor the quality assurance programs. Document quality assurance processes, procedures and responsibilities. Lead the development of effective quality metrics. Provide management with timely, relevant and accurate reports. Monitor performance and collaborate with management and other key stakeholders to develop coaching and other appropriate actions to resolve issues and drive quality improvements. Research new quality methods and develop appropriate recommendations to improve quality assurance programs. Train and guide management as needed. Provide oversight for the creation and maintenance of operational procedure documents and training materials. Recruit, hire and direct a team of Quality Auditors. Train, coach and mentor team members on a continuous basis for improvement and development. RESPONSIBILITIES Define quality standards, policies and objectives, and actively manage projects to develop quality assurance programs for maintaining a desired level of performance. Align organization to implement and support these quality assurance programs. Leverage quality management tools (e.g. Verint) to deliver, administer and monitor the quality assurance programs. Document quality assurance processes, procedures and responsibilities. Lead the development of effective quality metrics. Provide management with timely, relevant and accurate reports. Monitor performance and collaborate with management and other key stakeholders to develop coaching and other appropriate actions to resolve issues and drive quality improvements. Research new quality methods and develop appropriate recommendations to improve quality assurance programs. Train and guide management as needed. Provide oversight for the creation and maintenance of operational procedure documents and training materials. Recruit, hire and direct a team of Quality Auditors. Train, coach and mentor team members on a continuous basis for improvement and development. COMPETENCIES Problem-Solving – Takes an organized and logical approach to thinking through problems, breaking down complex issues into manageable parts and looking beyond the obvious to get at root causes. Solution Development – Understands business problems and requirements and develops practical, cost-effective solutions and recommendations. Continuous Learning / Improvement – Demonstrates a desire and capacity to expand expertise, develop new skills and grow professionally as well as think of better ways to do things. Adaptability – Ability to re-direct personal efforts in response to changing circumstances and being receptive to feedback. Results Orientation – Effectively executes on plans, drives for results and takes accountability for outcomes. Relationship-Building – Is helpful, respectful, approachable and team-oriented, building strong working relationships and a positive work environment. Influencing Others – Ability to influence others with facts, trend analysis and other supporting data, to negotiate effectively to effect win-win outcomes, and to engage and motivate team members. Business Acumen – Understands the relationship between the activity and the business / customers impacted and applies business knowledge. SKILLS/EXPERIENCE: Strong oral and written communication skills Strong analytical skills Strong planning, time management and organizational skills Detail-oriented Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment Basic knowledge of quality management tools and methods Proficient in Microsoft Office, especially Excel and PowerPoint Bilingual is required EDUCATION: Bachelor’s Degree is required OUR BENEFITS As a Combined corporate employee, you have access to one of the most comprehensive benefit plans in the business, designed to meet your needs and help you reach your financial goals. Our Company is committed to supporting its employees with a comprehensive compensation package that is appropriate in the market where they work. Below are several of the many benefits we offer our employees: Health insurance Dental insurance Tuition reimbursement A company-match 401(k) plan Disability insurance Life insurance Employee referral bonuses ABOUT COMBINED INSURANCE Combined Insurance is a leading provider of individual supplemental accident, disability, health and life insurance products. With a field sales force and corporate staff in excess of 5,000 people worldwide, Combined Insurance meets the growing coverage needs of policyholders around the globe. We pride ourselves on being customer-centric, people-driven, accountable, performance- minded, and ethical. We invest in our employees and take the time to focus on their development, needs and career aspirations. Our parent company is one of the world’s largest multiline property and casualty insurers. With operations in 54 countries, the Company provides commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, personal accident and supplemental health insurance, reinsurance and life insurance to a diverse group of clients. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and Google Travel \- No Job Posting \- Aug 10, 2018, 10:56:36 AM