Company Description: As a pioneer in healthcare analytics, our goal has always been simple: strengthen the business of healthcare in order to improve care. Since 1994, we’ve been merging this single-minded focus with leading technologies and a multidimensional understanding of healthcare to become a leader in analytics driven performance management. We believe the future of healthcare lies in data. By combining sophisticated analytics with intelligence on how to take action, MedeAnalytics helps you see the connections—between payer and provider, cost and quality, and good business and better healthcare. Today, we provide enterprise-level solutions to over 1,500 clients in the US and UK, including ambulatory groups, hospitals, health systems, health plans, state Medicaid programs and more. Our solutions are delivered by a team of experts who bring an unmatched depth of knowledge and healthcare experience to every aspect of our engagements. With the industry’s leading cloud-based analytics platform, we power our Client’s win-strategies across the healthcare spectrum! For three consecutive years (2014-2016), we have been named as one of Modern Healthcare’s top 100 Best Places to Work in Healthcare. We are looking for an experienced and skilled Sales Leader for our healthcare provider segment that will be responsible for driving our Provider sales team’s planning, strategy, and execution with a goal of meeting/exceeding sales growth budgets. Current Role & Growth Opportunity: The Technical Writer partners with internal Product Management and Product Development teams to author, edit, publish and maintain MedeAnalytics internal and customer-facing product documentation. They work to elicit product knowledge from the product teams and various stakeholders and transpose that knowledge into clear and comprehensive written product documentation. They partner closely with multiple product teams to maintain updates to product documentation throughout iterative development cycles and publish updates to both internal repositories and customer-facing documentation portals. They establish and implement product documentation templates and best practices and influence colleagues to adopt and adhere to lofty standards of product documentation. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Evaluate the evolving technical and business-friendly documentation needs of internal and external customers of MedeAnalytics products. Cultivate comprehensive understanding of MedeAnalytics products through self-study of product samples and through conversation with product teams and other peripheral stakeholders. Author and maintain product documentation for MedeAnalytics products according to delivery schedules and quality standards. Adhere to corporate style guidelines and industry best practices to produce polished professional documentation and diagrams. Frequently update documentation in alignment with product release cycles. Ensure visibility and accessibility to product documentation repositories for internal stakeholders and MedeAnalytics customers. Maintain strict version control and documentation release management protocols to ensure product documentation is always up to date and published in a timely manner. Intakes and responds to requests for clarification or enhancements on product documentation inquiries, partnering with the appropriate product team(s) as needed. Essential Skills, Experience, and Education: Preferred minimum 3-4 years’ technical writing experience supporting product development and management in the healthcare operations and analytics space. Bachelor’s degree in communications, journalism, English or STEM discipline. Excellent communication skills (writing, reading, speaking and listening). Ability to take complex, technical information and translate it for internal stakeholders and users with nontechnical backgrounds. Proficiency in MS Office, Visio, Adobe, Confluence or other content management solutions, technical diagramming software and tools, etc. Proven record of working on multiple concurrent projects with ability to manage and deliver effectively against tight deadlines. Laser-like focus and attention to detail. Should be a perfectionist in their written communication. Understanding of software development methodologies and the Software-as-a-Service business model. Technical knowledge in concepts such as relational databases, data warehousing, web application development framework, OLAP, business intelligence principles such as dimensions, measures, cubes, measure groups, etc. Some travel occasionally required (~10%).