Requisition ID: POS000249 Merck & Co., Inc. Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. known as Merck in the United States and Canada, is a global health care leader with a diversified portfolio of prescription medicines, vaccines and animal health products. The difference between potential and achievement lies in the spark that fuels innovation and inventiveness; this is the space where Merck has codified its legacy for over a century. Merck’s success is backed by ethical integrity, forward momentum, and an inspiring mission to achieve new milestones in global healthcare. Merck is on a quest for cures and is committed to being the world’s premier, most research-intensive biopharmaceutical company. Today, we’re doubling down on this goal. Merck Research Laboratories is a true scientific research facility of tomorrow, and will take Merck’s leading discovery capabilities and world-class small molecule and biologics R&D expertise to create breakthrough science that radically changes the way we approach serious diseases. Be a part of the legacy: MRL Postdoctoral Research Fellow Program The Merck Research Laboratories (MRL) Postdoctoral Research Fellow Program aims to be a best-in-industry program for industrial postdoctoral researchers, designed to provide you with an academic focus in a commercial environment. With the resources, reach, and expertise of a large pharmaceutical company, postdoctoral researchers will be positioned to excel in an institution committed to breakthrough innovation in research and discovery. Position Overview: As a postdoctoral fellow in the Department of Safety and Exploratory Pharmacology you will work with a highly collaborative team of scientists from multiple Departments to develop a novel, systematic multi-parametric in vitro approach for early prediction of drug-induced cardiac adverse events in humans. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Collecting, critically analyzing and interpreting in vitro safety pharmacology data; Developing, optimizing, and troubleshooting functional in vitro assays such as high content fluorescent imaging and plate-based electrophysiology; Handling human induced pluripotent stem cell-derived cardiac myocytes (hiPSC-CMs) and developing and optimizing their culturing conditions; Acquiring data, performing complex analyses of large data sets, interpreting the results; In collaboration with modeling experts, developing and optimizing a computational model for prediction of clinical cardiac side effects of drugs, based on their in vitro effects and physico-chemical properties. Qualifications Education Minimum Requirement: PhD with less than 3 years of Postdoctoral Experience or achieved a PhD by Spring/Summer of 2018 Required Experience and Skills: high content multi-channel imaging (HCI) phenotypic in vitro assay development and validation, multi-parametric computational image analysis, visualization of large data sets (Spotfire, etc.) maintenance and culture of recombinant mammalian cell lines, hiPSC-CMs, and 3D culture Ability to independently design experiments, interpret and track results, and utilize this information to enable assay development Understanding of basic principles of cellular pharmacology and physiology Ability to work effectively and with minimal supervision in a multi-disciplinary team environment, and have excellent organizational and communication skills with a well-developed ability to multi-task and make critical decisions. Preferred Experience and Skills: Experience in data-mining, machine learning, statistical modeling and visual analytics Working knowledge of signal processing, clustering, and multidimensional data scaling algorithms applied to biological systems Development and validation of predictive computational models Strong publication record in peer-reviewed journals Working knowledge of cellular electrophysiology (chip-based and plate-based). Our employees are the key to our company’s success. We demonstrate our commitment to our employees by offering a competitive and valuable rewards program. Merck’s benefits are designed to support the wide range of goals, needs and lifestyles of our employees, and many of the people that matter the most in their lives. Merck is an equal opportunity employer, M/F/D/V – proudly embracing diversity in all of its manifestations. Former Military, Transitioning Service Members, National Guard & Reserves - We value your past and present service mrlpostdoc Job: Post-Doctoral Fellow Other Locations: Employee Status: Regular Travel: Number of Openings: 1 Shift (if applicable): Hazardous Materials: Company Trade Name: Merck