Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description Job Description In this highly-collaborative, fast-paced environment, your role as a Solution Architect is to design innovative product solutions for real business problems, integrate with and evolve architectures in existing products and systems, and contribute to business-driven technology roadmaps. This role is in support of the Claims area. The ideal candidate will thrive in seeking challenging problems, proposing and presenting solutions and products, building relationships within and across all levels of the organization, soliciting feedback, and finding ways to thrill Allstate’s customers. Key Responsibilities include: Serve as primary or secondary architect for assigned custom and vended products. Develop product and platform solution architectures. Review and contribute to product stories, design thinking efforts and roadmaps. Successfully communicate conceptual ideas and design rationale. Provide architecture governance for products, establishing and upholding standards. Make product selection recommendations as appropriate. Closely partner and engage with product teams using different delivery methodologies. Work with technology and business partners at all levels of the organization and across diverse areas such as IT, Claims, other domains, etc. Job Qualifications Essential Criteria Minimum four years’ experience designing and developing integrated product solutions Knowledge of fundamental web and/or mobile and cloud security practices Experience of developing and designing solutions using standard patterns, practices, and frameworks Strong interpersonal and communication (verbal and written) skills Ability to work independently and collaboratively Ability to prioritize and manage work to critical product timelines in a fast-paced environment. Desirable Criteria Minimum Bachelor’s degree in a Computer Science related field is preferred Previous experience in a Solution, Application or Product Architect role Basic knowledge of the insurance industry and claims business processes Java-based and .NET-based technology stack knowledge Understanding of SOA Architectures, micro-services and cloud based deployments Travel requirements Occasional short-term as required On-call Requirements None The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.