Data Center Solution Architect Competitive salary Santa Clara, California Dell provides the technology that transforms the way we all work and live. But we are more than a technology company — we are a people company. We inspire, challenge and respect every one of our over 100,000 employees. We also provide them with unparalleled growth and development opportunities. We can’t wait for you to discover this for yourself as a Data Center Solution Architect on our Customer Solution Center team in Santa Clara, California. When our customers are looking for IT consulting expertise, where else would they turn but to the company driving human progress through technology? Our Solutions Architecture team within Professional Services are experts in package customization and integration as well as total, end-to-end solutions in targeted industry segments. After thorough consultation with our customers and careful analysis, we develop new IT systems or replace existing systems that support customers’ strategic, operational and financial goals. Key Responsibilities Perform the role of Subject Matter Expert for Data Center technologies particularly in Server and Storage domains for the Santa Clara, CA CSC Delivers Technical Briefings, Architectural Design Sessions and Proofs-of-Concept to Dell’s customers Work with Account teams and alliance partners to support specific Dell customer and partner engagements Leads overall technical implementation for large and complex engagements Provides expertise on the availability and viability of third party components and services Provide input to Dell’s Solution implementation strategy Helps establish, manage and documents Dell Solution IP collection across solutions Implements the information technology architecture and the total systems solutions to the enterprise-wide systems problems of the customer Report on site issues, regional trends, ensure operational processes are executed in accordance with agreed regional and global standards Communicate with local sales teams and sales directors as needed to ensure alignment Provide feedback on operation to support reporting to regional and global. Essential Requirements Bachelor or Master of Science in Computer Science or related field. Experience in Solutions architecture for VDI, Servers and Solutions relating to these technologies. Storage and Networking also a plus. Experience within IOT and large scale distributed environments a plus. General IT expertise and knowledge of solutions development, components and architectures Understanding of Virtualization Technologies, server, hyper-converged, & Flex computing models Experience within large environments, ideally, with core Dell technology offerings. Ability to perform a wide variety of technical and administrative duties in overall systems design, development, and delivery English Fluency Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work collaboratively in a team environment. Desirable Requirements Expert knowledge of Dell offerings Strong analysis and communication skills and the ability to develop solutions to customer’s business problems using Dell technologies Ability to interact effectively with internal and external contacts (Account Management, Deployment Team, Solutions Architect, Employees, and Vendors) Benefits We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment. If you’re at the top of your game when it comes to IT consulting, this is your opportunity to develop with Dell. Closing date: August 2018 . Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell here.