As an Operations Systems Administrator, this position will be responsible for providing system administration for the Network Operations Center (NOC). The function of this position is to provide standard operational support for production Information Technology Services Windows and Linux Server systems. Duties include, but are not limited to installing, maintaining, and upgrading operating systems and related system software. Working with Systems staff, members of the group and other systems administrators, security and network engineers to resolve various problems related to the operation of the systems and network. Consulting with customers (internal or external to Information Technology Services) on problems or questions related to the use of Server systems and supported services. This position will have working hours on a pre-scheduled and rotating basis, carry a cell phone and assume responsibility for responding to system emergencies and resolving system outages that may occur outside of normal working hours. Scope is wide-ranging and includes responsibility for multiple university-wide Windows Server and Linux operating systems and services. Has shared impact on final results and will be directed to act as required to maintain expected service levels. Additional Information University Overview Founded as the people’s university in 1890, Washington State University fulfills that commitment by transforming lives through education, research, and community outreach. In 2015, the University celebrated 125 years of delivering life-changing knowledge and discoveries to citizens across the state, region, nation, and around the world. The state’s only land-grant institution and one of two public research universities, WSU provides a world- class education to nearly 30,000 students through its multi-campus, statewide locations and online. The University strives to ensure that higher education is accessible at an affordable cost—a decades-long WSU commitment to the state’s citizens. The University offers more than 200 undergraduate fields of study and 127 graduate and professional degree programs. Many academic programs win recognition nationally for excellence. WSU is one of just 108 public and private universities in the United States—out of more than 4,500—singled out for its “very high research activity” by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. The University’s research agenda is focused on addressing challenges in health, sustainability, smart systems, national security, and opportunity and equity. WSU is a major driver of Washington’s economy, partnering with many of the state’s leading industries, including agribusiness, aerospace, health care, software, and construction. The University is responsible for nearly 20,600 jobs statewide and generates an overall economic impact of more than $3.3 billion annually. The institution’s operating budget expenditures total nearly $2 billion annually. The City Pullman is a dynamic center of higher education, research, and culture located in a region called the Palouse. The region is home to two land grant universities, Washington State University and the University of Idaho located just eight miles to the east in Moscow, Idaho. Washington’s second-largest city, Spokane, is located 75 miles north of Pullman. Demographics Daily designated Pullman a “dreamtown,” reflecting the city’s exceptionally high quality of life. Bloomberg Businessweek named Pullman the “Best Places to Raise Your Kids” in Washington. The city also boasts one of the highest percentages of graduate degrees among U.S. micropolitan areas, and its public school system has been ranked among the top 100 in the country. Excellent outdoor recreation opportunities—including golfing, skiing, hiking, and boating—are just a short drive away. To learn more about the Pullman community, visit pullmanchamber.com Benefits Package Competitive benefits available, more details at hrs.wsu.edu/benefits Appointment Status Permanent Job Appointment (FTE%) 100% Position Term in Months 12 Monthly Salary $3,985.00 Position Qualifications Required Qualifications Three years of information technology experience; OR equivalent education/experience. Additional Requirements Preferred Qualifications Experience working as a computer systems administrator in an enterprise production environment Working knowledge of common Server scripting tools such as PowerShell, Visual Basic, Shell, Perl, etc. Working knowledge and understanding of Windows and Linux Servers, Active Directory system fundamentals. Proficiency with Windows Server systems administration. Proficiency with Linux systems administration. Demonstrated ability to work individually. Demonstrated ability to work as a member of a team. Ability to convey technical information to a diverse audience through written documents and oral presentations. Will this position require a background check? This position has been designated by the department to require a background check Posting Detail Information Open Date 05/18/2018 Close Date Open Until Filled Yes Special Instructions to Applicants The recruitment for this position has been extended. Screening for applicants will begin on August 8th, 2018. Application materials should clearly communicate how the applicant meets all required qualifications and additional requirements. At the time of application, please be prepared to submit a cover letter and resume. Within the online application, please include contact information for at least three professional (3) references. EEO Statement WASHINGTON STATE UNIVERSITY IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION EDUCATOR AND EMPLOYER. Members of ethnic minorities, women, special disabled veterans, veterans of the Vietnam-era, recently separated veterans, and other protected veterans, persons of disability and/or persons age 40 and over are encouraged to apply. WSU employs only U.S. citizens and lawfully authorized non-U.S. citizens. All new employees must show employment eligibility verification as required by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. WSU is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodation in its services, programs, activities, education and employment for individuals with disabilities. To request disability accommodation in the application process, contact Human Resource Services: 509-335-4521(v), Washington State TDD Relay Service: Voice Callers: 1-800-833-6384; TDD Callers: 1-800-833-6388, 509-335-1259(f), or hrs@wsu.edu. Posting Number 20134229P Applicant Documents Required Documents Resume Cover Letter Optional Documents