Are you results-driven? Love challenges? Do you enjoy working in a fast-paced environment? Are you passionate about finding those hidden gem candidates? If yes, keep reading about an exciting new opportunity with Wayfair! The Operations Analytics Recruiting Team is expanding and experiencing rapid growth! This is a unique opportunity to join a $4B+ eCommerce company as a true business partner and make a significant and immediate impact working with the departments that drive the continued growth of our company. The Senior Analytics Sourcer is a newly created role, and will be responsible for helping to advance the Operations Analytics recruitment strategy by identifying and building candidate slates at the senior leadership level across Wayfair. The Senior Analytics Sourcer will work closely with the Operations Analytics recruiting team to produce comprehensive talent market data, which will drive our sourcing strategies, as well as identify and qualify pools of candidates. As a key member of our team, the Senior Analytics Sourcer will own major sourcing initiatives to scale analytical profiles across Operations. You will work with a very cohesive and collaborative team. Responsibilities: Source candidates through a variety of search resources (social media, internal database, job boards, networking, internet searches, company targets, referrals, etc...) Create robust sourcing strategies Build active and passive candidate pipelines aligned to recruitment strategy: hire top talent in a highly competitive market Track metrics and use data for strategic analysis of recruiting campaigns Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience required Minimum 3 + years’ experience sourcing and/or recruiting in a fast-paced and high hiring-bar environment Direct sourcing expertise utilizing a range of methods and approaches Preferred experience sourcing for highly analytical profiles (i.e. Data Science, Business Intelligence, Programmer, Coder, etc…) or technical roles Exceptional written and verbal communication skills - About Wayfair Inc. Wayfair believes everyone should live in a home they love. Through technology and innovation, Wayfair makes it possible for shoppers to quickly and easily find exactly what they want from a selection of more than 10 million items across home furnishings, décor, home improvement, housewares and more. Committed to delighting its customers every step of the way, Wayfair is reinventing the way people shop for their homes - from product discovery to final delivery. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair, an online destination for all things home Joss & Main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings AllModern, unbelievable prices on everything modern Birch Lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor Perigold, unparalleled access to the finest home décor and furnishings Wayfair generated $5.2 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended March 31, 2018. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 8,700 people. Check out some of the teams and industry-disrupting strategies we support: https://www.youtube.com/embed/4ChIwUySYhs