Los Gatos, California Science and Analytics The Content Experience team is seeking a data scientist to help Netflix introduce new stories to the world and to the users who will love them. You will lead research and experimentation to drive Netflix’s user experiences including connecting audiences to new Original series, films, documentaries & specials and evolving our fast-growing kids product and innovative interactive storytelling platforms. To learn more about our research and analytics work, you can visit our research page here. What you'll do Lead the design & analysis of A/B tests and other experiments in order to optimize the Netflix experience and help our users discover new content to enjoy. Past projects included the introduction of video to help users browse more effectively. Explore Netflix’s large-scale data to identify key insights on user behavior that will motivate future innovation. Past projects included research into how kids navigate and watch differently than adults, and how that changes as they age. Research and develop the best metrics to measure user engagement. Lead the research and development of new experimentation methods, statistical techniques and causal inference approaches. Present your research and insights to all levels and functions of the company, clearly and concisely. Partner closely with Product managers, designers & engineers to drive key Product decisions and solve Netflix’s most challenging and rewarding problems. Qualifications An advanced degree in a quantitative or computational field (e.g., statistics, economics, math, computer science, etc.) and 3+ years of experience in quantitative analytics, data science, or another similar role. A proven track record of leveraging massive amounts of data to drive product innovation. Exceptional coding proficiency in SQL, Hive, R, Python, etc. Strong statistical knowledge and intuition and a passion for experimentation, hypothesis testing, and causal inference (quasi-experimentation a plus!) Ability to tell stories with data, as well as visualize it with a variety of tools like Tableau, R Shiny, D3, etc. Ability to frame loose business problems, turning them into actionable insights. Self-starter Comfort in a fast-paced, constantly evolving, deadline-driven environment. Outstanding interpersonal and communication skills A fan of Netflix is a strong plus!