Who We Are We’re America’s largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D Power ranked Quicken Loans “Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination” for the past eight consecutive years, 2010 – 2017. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for four consecutive years, 2014 through 2017, each year the company was eligible. There’s a simple reason we’ve been so successful: We care about the people we work with. If you’re tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then you’ll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply won’t find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named 1 in ESSENCE Magazine’s first ever list of “Best Places to Work for African Americans” in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's "Best Places to Work in IT" list for 13 years running, hitting 1 the last five years. We were also ranked 14 in FORTUNE Magazine’s list of "100 Best Companies to Work For" in 2018, remaining in the top-30 for the past 15 years. What You'll Do/Need The Senior Information Security Analyst plays a critical role in protecting the company’s information by ensuring security controls are working properly every day. This team member is also responsible for ensuring that the handling of sensitive company and client information follows company and industry standards. Additionally, this team member works hand in hand with the Information Security Engineers to ensure security technologies are producing necessary and relevant information. Responsibilities Monitor security events daily, performing investigations and working with appropriate team members, business teams and Technology teams to develop solutions that address critical security concerns Regularly audit access throughout systems and applications, working with the Technology and business teams to ensure access is at appropriate levels Analyze system logs and other event logs to detect nefarious activity Coordinate investigations and responses to security incidents Audit the company’s security controls Build documentation of existing processes and exceptions based on audit findings Coordinate with Information Security and other Technology Engineers to ensure that existing or new sources of audit data are available Work with the business to optimize and automate security-based processes Review and assess third-party vendors Coordinate periodic testing of information security-specific processes, such as incident response plans Contribute to the vision of information security tools and processes with an eye toward the future Translate existing controls and concepts into audits to determine control effectiveness Requirements Three years of experience in an Information Security Analyst role Strong knowledge of Microsoft Excel Excellent writing, organizational, interpersonal and communication skills Passion for information security and information assurance Ability to maintain strict confidentiality and look at all situations objectively Ability to prioritize multiple tasks effectively and work independently without supervision Thorough and detail-oriented mindset What’ll Make You Special Global Information Assurance Certification or other security certifications Proficiency in operating systems (Windows, Mac, Linux/Unix, mobile), network theory/design, penetration testing, endpoint security monitoring, coding and scripting, reverse engineering of malware, enterprise risk methodologies and/or the mortgage/financial industry Familiarity with authoritative information security resources (the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the Open Web Application Security Project, etc.) What You'll Get Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision insurance and much more Opportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth training Other incentives, contests and rewards, including trips, event tickets, cash prizes and more Why We're Different Corporate politics not your strong suit? The anti-corporate culture of Quicken Loans gives our team members the initiative to build solutions together and grow both personally and professionally. At Quicken Loans, we’re in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly aren’t putting ceilings on our team members’ careers. If you’re interested in working in a place with a philosophy that’s truly different, apply today. Quicken Loans is an equal opportunity employer. _Disclaimer: Quicken Loans received the highest numerical score in the proprietary J.D. Power 2010 – 2016 Primary Mortgage Origination studies and the 2014 – 2017 Primary Mortgage Servicer studies. 2016 Origination (or Sales) based on 5,182 total responses and measures the opinions of customers who originated a new mortgage or refinanced within the past 12 months, surveyed in July – August 2016. 2017 Servicing based on 7,374 total responses and measures the opinions of homeowners on their mortgage servicing company, surveyed in March – April 2017. Your experiences may vary. Visit JDPower.com._ __ _Quicken Loans is the 1 online lender based on the ranking of Quicken Loans in comparison to online residential mortgage lenders included in the Inside Mortgage Finance "Top 50 Mortgage Lenders" report from Q2 2017._