Business Intelligence Analyst Who Are We? Spring EQ was founded on a mission to help homeowners unlock the value of their home by providing visibility to it’s worth, and quick access to that equity. By surrounding ourselves with some of the brightest minds in the industry, we constantly improve the home equity loan experience for our customers. At Spring EQ, we encourage innovative ideas, embrace the latest technology and strive to simplify the processes we use to accomplish our goals. As a company, we believe positivity propels productivity and creativity, simply put – we like to have fun while working hard to get the job done! We recognize the importance of a strong company culture and foster an environment of creativity and professionalism. Innovation is at the heart of everything we do at Spring EQ. While working in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment, you are given the opportunity to collaborate with co-workers to make every customers interaction with Spring EQ a great one. What Are We Looking For? Spring EQ is seeking a Business Intelligence Analyst to join our rapidly growing team. This position will be an active member of the Marketing & Technology team at Spring EQ and will report directly to the SVP of Marketing and Analytics. The Business Intelligence Analyst will play a key role in the development and maintenance of the data warehouse and data marts used at Spring EQ. This position will actively design and build reports using Tableau and Excel programs, and will analyze data as needed. This critical role requires a passionate and detail-oriented individual with prior experience using Tableau and Excel programs for reporting purposes. The ideal candidate will hold Spring EQ’s values of integrity, accountability, and positivity in high regard. Position Responsibilities- Design & Build – This position will be responsible for designing and building reports using Tableau and Excel programs. This position will build and optimize data warehouse and data marts utilizing star or snowflake schemas. Collaborate – This position will collaborate with business and technology personnel to develop, maintain and enhance dashboards and data exploration views in BI software Develop & Optimize – This position will develop repeatable processes for reporting purposes, and will optimize queries for fast data retrieval to minimize processing time on large data This position will assist in the testing of reports and processes for accuracy, integrity and scalability This position will leverage basic SQL and data base knowledge to build out additional data dashboards Reporting – This position will deploy reports using Tableau Online/Tableau Server, and will manage and maintain reports on Tableau Online. This position will be responsible for conducting Q/A on reports, underlying data and data infrastructure This position will update and maintain existing reports Analyze – This position will analyze data using Excel, Tableau, and statistics packages including SPSS This position will triage and/or analyze data defects and propose solutions to rectify issues Research - This position will support market research and analysis efforts as needed and will proactively research potential data issues to ensure data quality Additional ad-hoc duties will be completed as assigned What is Important to Us? The Basics: Bachelor’s Degree Required or equivalent experience Preferred majors in Computer Science or MIS Must have prior Tableau experience Must have prior Excel experience Experience with AWS Services, such as Kinesis and Lambda is a plus Data Warehouse experience with star and snowflake schemas is a plus SQL experience preferred Alteryx experience preferred Ability to multitask, problem solve and efficiently manage time The ideal candidate will have a self-starter mentality with the ability to solve open ended business challenges The ideal candidate will enthusiastically contribution to a culture of innovation and continuous improvement Time is money – At Spring EQ we recognize the importance of working with a sense of urgency. Ideal candidates will possess the ability to thrive in a fast-paced, team oriented environment Spring EQ values personal excellence, integrity and accountability – we need candidates who demonstrate these qualities in their everyday lives