The Third Party Governance (TPG) - Director of Data & Analytics is responsible for developing the foundational data environment and scaling the environment across all third party systems to manage and report on the effectiveness of the TPG program. Primary Responsibilities Include: They will need to formulate data compliance requirements, aggregate existing information and establish new metrics into a data warehouse that will directly support the automation and efficiency of a full scale TPG & interaffiliate operation. Role will develop actionable reporting, trend analysis and risk based triggers that will enable effective management of the TPG program. Individual will need to understand analytical requirements for all stakeholders, including regulatory boards, board of directors, executives and line managers in adherence with data governance and control themes across multiple jurisdictions related to third party governance due diligence. Interacts with senior stakeholders up to the Executive Committee level to assist with the development and implementation of wider TPG management initiatives Recruits, directs, motivates and develops professional staff and more junior managers, maximizing their individual contribution, their professional growth and their ability to function as a team or lead for their team. Responsible for the performance management processes for more junior managers. Qualifications Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and work experience required. 12-15 years of total work experience, with 3-5 years of management experience, preferred. For over 230 years, the people of BNY Mellon have been at the forefront of finance, expanding the financial markets while supporting investors throughout the investment lifecycle. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments & safeguards nearly one-fifth of the world's financial assets. BNY Mellon remains one of the safest, most trusted and admired companies. Every day our employees make their mark by helping clients better manage and service their financial assets around the world. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, clients count on the people of BNY Mellon across time zones and in 35 countries and more than 100 markets. It's the collective ambition, innovative thinking and exceptionally focused client service paired with a commitment to doing what is right that continues to set us apart. Make your mark: bnymellon.com/careers. Finance helps our internal clients outperform over time. At BNY Mellon, Finance serves our internal clients by providing world-class accounting operations and control and decision support while instituting world-class change management. Global Procurement is responsible for establishing the programs to acquire products and services for BNY Mellon by employing deep category knowledge and commodity expertise, coupled with an understanding of the needs of our businesses and business partner groups. The Corporate Treasury group is responsible for managing the investment portfolios and the liquidity and capital positions of the various subsidiary banks and of BNY Mellon. BNY Mellon is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Minorities/Females/Individuals With Disabilities/Protected Veterans. Primary Location: United States-Delaware-Wilmington Internal Jobcode: 85241 Job: Finance/Accounting Organization: Finance-HR06599 Requisition Number: 1812298