Analysis and recommendations You will analyze and evaluate existing work processes and technology solutions to identify improvement opportunities and produce recommendations for new solutions including tradeoffs and risks. You will develop business analysis deliverables, including but not limited to workflows and process models, business requirements, use cases, and business rules. You will perform evaluations for in-house and 3rd party technological solution alternatives to identify gaps and consolidation opportunities. You will create and/or support the development of work and test plans and develop testing specifications for evaluating alternative technological solutions. Leadership and collaboration You will collaborate with Product and Project Management to ensure recommendations for process/ technology improvements and effectively translated to actionable work plans and are aligned with budget, timelines and resources constraints. You will act as a liaison between business and the engineering teams, translating business requirements to technical design and producing detailed system documentations. You will help communicate relevant feedback around technological complexity, resources and timelines evaluations to the Project Management team. You will provide presentations to key stakeholders to inform on projects progress, risks/ issues and new opportunities. Your passion for digital transformation and value creation through technology is visible to your team and stakeholders in every product you and your team delivers. You take ownership on projects you manage and effectively communicate your vision and solution approach to gain results through collaboration. A master problem solver. You take deep pride in your work and view each new problem as an opportunity for success; you approach challenges creatively, but methodically, and are biased toward delivering high-value results quickly and within budget constraints considering all available options. A seasoned team player. You have learned from experience and are continuously striving to identify improvement opportunities; you’re focused on value and drive the right solution in spite of resistance or obstacles. Comfortable with ambiguity. You face change with a cool head and persevere even if you don’t have all the details; you’re comfortable moving between projects and facing the uncertain because risk and change motivates you to evolve and innovate. Technically astute. You rapidly learn new skills, grasping complicated technical information that often leaves others lost whether its product, industry, or hard tech knowledge, you absorb it quickly and are ready for more. Goal oriented. You enable informative decision making for the business most strategic initiatives thought deep analysis and unrelenting focus on process improvement; you connect business and technology strategies to the software you deliver and can easily articulate the value created. 5+ years in business systems analysis with at least 1 year of experience with large scale and complex systems Ability to communicate and present technology concepts and solutions to business stakeholders at varying levels Ability to identify risks and mitigation strategies throughout the project Excellent communication and teamwork skills are essential with both internal and external resources Proven track record of business acumen with product development Experience with multi-tiered architectures, including UI design, business rules layer, and basic data architecture Proficient in SQL in order to research data and build analysis reports Proficient use of UML including one or more modeling tools in the business and information technology domains (e.g. Sparx Enterprise Architect, Modelio, and/or IBM Rational, or any other tool) Highly motivated individual to improve the skills and capabilities of the organization Ability to learn about, understand and apply new technologies 3-5 years of progressive experience in an IT related field 2+ years of Project Management experience on small to moderate complex level projects is desirable 2+ year experience supporting complex IT projects and/or IT Support Departments 2+ year experience in project management of large IT initiatives Experience working in the digital media distribution space is preferred We have created one of the most powerful brands by bringing memorable, life- changing storytelling to the world. The foundation of this creativity starts with The Walt Disney Studios where we produce, acquire, and distribute live- action and animated motion pictures, video experiences, music, and live performances. Our brands include Marvel, LucasFilm, Pixar, Disney Animation, Disney Nature and Hollywood Records. No other Media & Entertainment company can rival the brands we have the honor of working with every day. As part of the Studio’s Technology team you’ll be joining a group of seasoned, dedicated technologists solving a range of interesting problems in innovative ways in an exciting and dynamic industry. We are looking for a self-starting Sr Business Analyst who is dedicated to shaping the future of digital media distribution. We’re a casual shop that values passion, community involvement and exceptional software. If this is you, we want you to join our team. You will be a part of a team dedicated to innovating digital media distribution across the company. You should be comfortable working within cross-functional teams as well as diverse group of business stakeholders and technologists. We expect you to have a deep understanding of business analysis methodologies and product life cycle management as well as technological savviness and ability to quickly ramp up on new technologies, keep up with the latest trends, and identify improvement opportunities. Through your analysis and vision for continuous improvement, you will help expose new opportunities and communicate trade-offs and risks to your business partners. You will work in service of an overall company initiative to reimagine digital media distribution as an integrated, automated, efficient and effective machine that can scale and flex in line with rapid, technology-driven business dynamics. 582104