JOB SUMMARY: Puget Sound Energy’s Enterprise Server Systems is looking for an IT Systems Administrator for our Windows environment to join our team. The position will be focused on day-today operations streamlining, automating, optimizing and reporting on SCCM and the different technical services offered by the Enterprise Server team. You will have opportunities to work on strategic projects and new technologies that PSE is implementing. At the discretion of the hiring team, this role may be filled at a lower level. JOB REQUIREMENT: JOB RESPONSIBILTY: • Primary responsibility for administration of SCCM environment and patching standards Configuring, supporting & optimizing the following enterprise wide services and/or technologies: VMware vCenter/ESXi, Microsoft Windows OS management and operation, Active Directory, SCCM, SCOM, and Exchange. Proactively automates processes and routine tasks in PowerShell (preferred), VBScript, Python. Understands, creates, and promotes standards, guidelines, and policies for the use and integration of technology. Updates/creates system documentation which may affect multiple teams. Participates in the evaluation and selection of new system architectures, systems, tools, and techniques. Also performs the implementation once selections have been made. Works with various vendors to maintain equipment including firmware, service packs, and security patches, to ensure the maximum performance, security, and availability of the systems. Participate in the on-call rotation. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Solid experience working with network based applications/procedures and processes. Proficient in the understanding and troubleshooting of the Windows family of operating systems to include four (4) of the following core competencies: Cloud Computing, Clustering services, PowerShell, Group Policy, VMware, ITIL, Windows OS, ServiceNow and Automation. Solid knowledge of Windows OS commands (CLI), GUI based management tools, software upgrades, and network configuration and troubleshooting. Solid knowledge of performance monitors and troubleshooting tools. Solid experience with participating in projects in a cross-functional environment. Must possess excellent organizational skills and demonstrate attention to detail. Self-driven, able to juggle many tasks under tight deadlines, and be comfortable bringing ideas to the table. Good documentation, teamwork and communication skills. DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: Advanced experience SCOM and SCOM reporting. Advanced experience with participating in projects in a cross-functional environment. Advanced experience supporting Windows operating systems deploying enterprise-wide applications. Must possess excellent organizational skills and demonstrate attention to detail. Large operations experience (2000+ servers) in Multi-forest domains. Agile, ITIL, and PM type experience to create and follow mature IT operational frameworks. Advanced PowerShell experience including production quality scripts with error management, logging, and remoting. Self-driven, able to juggle many tasks under tight deadlines, and be comfortable bringing ideas to the table. Experience deploying and managing Windows Server core. Windows Server container services and server Nano are a plus. Families and businesses depend on PSE to provide the energy they need to pursue their dreams. Our steadfast commitment to serving Washington communities with safe, dependable and efficient energy started in 1873. Today we’re building the Northwest’s energy future through efforts like our award winning energy efficiency programs and our leadership in renewable energy. At PSE we value and respect our employees and provide them opportunities to excel. We offer an expansive pay package that includes competitive compensation, annual goals-based incentive bonuses, comprehensive cafeteria- style benefits, 401(K), a company paid retirement pension plan, and an employee assistance and wellness program.