Raytheon is seeking a Cloud Engineer to join our IT Managed Services Team within Raytheon’s IIS Business Unit. The individual selected for this role will be responsible for designing, provisioning, operating and maintaining cloud computing services based on service consumer requirements in the context of a commercial cloud environment. The individual must be able to operate in a dynamic, high performing team environment. The individual must be able to interface with varying levels of experience service consumers and be able to translate their requirements into viable solutions. The individual’s tasks will require deep understanding of infrastructure services in the context of a both the commercial cloud environment and its integration within a highly-secure large- scale enterprise network. NOTE: This position can be worked at Richardson, TX, Aurora, CO or Dulles, VA. Required Skills 6 - 8 years of related experience Cloud computing service provisioning Amazon Web Services Administrator usage of Amazon Web Services such as EC2, EBS, S3, CloudFormation, VPC, KMS, IAM Diverse Operating Systems system administration (Microsoft Windows, Linux, etc.) Agile Software Development practices Commercial off the Shelf (COTS) software package deployment DevOps (including Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery) Networking in a cloud environment Service operations monitoring Ability to translate concepts and ideas into technical solutions and high level architectures Ability to translate technical solutions and high level architectures into concepts and ideas Must be a US Citizen with the ability to obtain and maintain a Clearance Desired Skills Amazon Web Services GovCloud region experience Amazon Web Services Solutions Architect Associate Certification Infrastructure as Code experience (e.g. Terraform, Chef) Container technology experience (e.g. Docker) Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) experience Experience with Agile methodologies (e.g. Scrum, KanBan, ScrumBan) Security policy monitoring and enforcement (e.g. NIST 800-53 controls) Required Education Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology or a related field OR 14 years of experience in lieu of degree. 119451 Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.