Job Description: The Sr Manager, Data Insights & Analytics leads a team highly skilled, driven and intelligent analytics and reporting analysts, with direct accountability for providing financial, regulatory and operation reporting solutions. This role will lead the team to deliver reporting solution that can provide leadership insights of managing programs, ensure the programs are in compliance with federal and local government regulations, drive SOX compliant reporting for financial booking, and support/monitor operational compliance of those programs. This role requires strong leadership and management skills, strong understanding of all TMUS enterprise database structure and design, strong understanding of relationship among front-end, back-end and reporting systems, and strategic thinking to enable the generation of the most effective reporting solutions. Responsibilities: Requires competency in customer focus, change & innovation, strategic thinking, relationship building & influencing, talent management, results focus and inspirational leadership. Work with leadership teams across enterprise, including Sales, Finance and Accounting, to provide key reporting solutions to drive enterprise financial results. Monitor and interpret regular report results to identify business opportunities, leading indicator of risks and advise leadership team those risks and opportunities. Work with BI teams to enable data architecture and solutions that are best meeting analytics and reporting needs of various analytics groups. Frame new reporting solution, including key metrics to be reflected in the most consumable layout and coach the team to develop and QA. Provide necessary implementation reporting support on key business projects and initiatives. Lead and develop an analytic team that delivers timely and high-quality analyses that inform insights and recommended actions to drive program scale, efficiency, and effectiveness. Qualifications: 7-10 years relevant professional experience 3-5 years’ experience managing direct reports Strong grasp of financial drivers, experience in managing return on investment objectives Ability to articulate, and partner to develop, forecasts, financial models, scenario analysis and budgets required for the business Comfortable with extracting and manipulating large datasets with SQL, SAS Ability to develop and present compelling business cases to stakeholders Highly proficient in Excel Deep experience in communicating via Microsoft PowerPoint High School Diploma/GED Quantitative discipline, preferably Industrial Engineering, Statistics or Math Minimum Qualifications: • At least 18 years of age.• Legally authorized to work in the United States.• High School Diploma or GED.• Pre-employment background screen. Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.