At Google, data drives all of our decision-making. As a part of the Business Intelligence Team, you'll be using data to inform business and product decisions across the company. When a feature on one of our products - from Google+ to Search to YouTube - gets tweaked, you’ll work with finance and engineering teams to measure the impact of that change. Using your technical skills and business acumen, you’ll build tools to automate reporting and dashboard updates so clients can see quickly and accurately how projects are performing. You’ll be involved from project inception to report design through to data delivery, ensuring that your reports are delivering high-quality and relevant data so that our business can grow intelligently. The Android Partner Engineering (APE) team at Google works closely with the Android device ecosystem to extend the boundaries of what can be achieved with the Android platform. Whether working with device manufacturers, Carriers, or chipset manufacturers, APE team helps solve some of the toughest problems in delivering mobile technology that works for everybody. We work with teams throughout Google to develop solutions for strategic partners around the globe. We maintain crucial relationships with and build technical solutions for our long-term partners who are making Android into a world-changing platform. APE’s Infrastructure’s vision is to enable a healthy Android ecosystem through analytics. The team analyzes massive data sets to provide information and insights to partners, various stakeholders and our senior leadership. You will be responsible for building the data infrastructure for data from various sources, ranging from Android Metrics to trixes, and creating a scalable data source for business reporting and analysis. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Gather reporting requirements for stakeholders and translate that into dashboards, reports, etc. Build reporting infrastructure/pipelines for Internal and External reporting. Work with Legal, Privacy and Product to be privacy complaint on external reporting. Collaborate with Enginerring, Product and Business Development teams to deliver solutions. Carry out ad hoc data analyses as needed. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: 3 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. Experience working with large and multiple datasets/data warehouses. Experience with data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau or Qlikview). Project management experience. Preferred qualifications: Enthusiastic problem solver who has experience in structuring and executing complex analyses. Ability to work closely with cross-functional stakeholders and consult successfully across organizational boundaries. Developed business acumen, ability to draw insights and implications from complex datasets and make actionable recommendations. Analytical, written/verbal communication, and interpersonal skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.