Purpose of Job We are currently seeking talented Business Intelligence/ETL Engineers – Mid Level for our Phoenix, AZ facility. USAA Business Intelligence/ETL Engineers are not only experts in data analysis, but are also well versed in our business goals and member’s needs. USAA is driven by personal service, but we are fueled by data. Understanding the trends and meaning behind our data helps us improve the member experience. And to us, that’s priceless (which is saying something for a financial company). Here, you will find more than IT solutions within the data. You will discover the trust, new ideas, human interactions and better ways to impact our members. As a Business Intelligence/ETL Engineer, you will work to harden, enhance and support our data and analytics environments, cycles, data quality, dashboards and reports. You will lead team members on projects that include Return-to- Service (RTS) analysis, break-fix enhancements, ETL framework enhancements, data quality enhancements, usage reporting and general design, coding and release/build activities. Job Requirements ABOUT USAA USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level. In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply. ABOUT USAA IT Our most important qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 11 million members who rely on us every day. We are over 3,000 employees strong, a passionately supportive and collaborative team built on Agile principles. We've been a top-two Computerworld 100 Best Places to Work in IT five years in a row and were recently named a Top 50 Employer for Minority Engineers & IT by Workforce Diversity Magazine. See what it's like to work for a company where your passion meets our purpose: USAA Information Technology: A Realistic Preview This Job Posting is for multiple openings available in 2018. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Independently installs, customizes and integrates commercial software packages. Facilitates root cause analysis of system issues. Works with experienced team members to conduct root cause analysis of issues, review new and existing code and/or perform unit testing. Learns to create system documentation/play books and attends requirements, design and code reviews. Receives work packages from manager and/or delegates. Identifies ideas to improve system performance and impact availability. Resolves complex technical design issues. Creates system documentation/play book(s) and participates as a reviewer and contributor in requirements, design and code reviews. May serve as the subject matter expert on development techniques. Partners with experienced team members to develop accurate work estimates on work packages. May serve as a mentor on procedural matters to less experienced internal and third-party team members. May assist experienced team members with the delegation of work packages. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Bachelor's degree or 4 additional years of I/T experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree. AND, 4+ years of software development experience in BI/ETL disciplines with at least 1 year utilizing ETL Tools such as Informatica or Datastage PREFERRED 3+ years experience in a reporting/analytic role with a focus on visualization design and development 2+ years experience with SAP Business Objects including Universe Designer, Web Intelligence, Xcelsius/Dashboards and Explorer Advanced SQL development skills 1+ years experience with Unix Scripting Proficient in dimensional database design 2+ years experience with ETL tools such as DataStage or Informatica Experience with Agile Methodologies DESIRED CHARACTERISTICS USAA Business Intelligence/ETL Engineers create innovative solutions that impact our members. Collectively, we are: Curious and excited by new ideas Energized by a fast-paced environment Able to understand and translate business needs into leading-edge technology Comfortable working as part of a connected team, but self-motivated Community-focused, dependable and committed Exceptionally detail-oriented BENEFITS USAA's most valuable resource is our 28,000 employees. We promote a culture of diversity and inclusion, encouraging varied perspectives and ideas. Our team enjoys world-class benefits, pay and highly competitive reward opportunities, including comprehensive healthcare, wellness and wealth building programs, employee resource groups, 401K matching dollar-for-dollar up to 8% of pay, career planning and continuing education. We promote a strong work-life balance with a variety of on-site services and conveniences depending on location, including a daycare, health center and pharmacy, multiple dining options, company stores, covered parking and free fitness centers. USAA is a casual dress environment. The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job. At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals. Relocation assistance is available for this position.