Description The Data Visualization Engineer builds user interfaces, visualizations, and data algorithms. Takes complex data and making it more accessible, understandable and usable for leaders to derive insights and ultimately enable them to make the better business decisions. The Data Visualization Engineer work assignments are varied and frequently require interpretation and independent determination of the appropriate courses of action. Responsibilities The Data Visualization Engineer may work with stakeholders to perform data analytics and write software. Assists in the development of our cloud based analytics platform. Builds interactive visualizations and front end software applications for stakeholder engagement. Can perform analytics based on stakeholder needs. Understands department, segment, and organizational strategy and operating objectives, including their linkages to related areas. Makes decisions regarding own work methods, occasionally in ambiguous situations, and requires minimal direction and receives guidance where needed. Follows established guidelines/procedures. Required Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering and/or related field 2-5 years of professional experience performing data analytics and building user interfaces, visualizations, and data algorithms Experience taking complex data and making it more accessible, understandable and usable for leaders to derive insights Clear oral and written communication skills Flexible, dynamic personality who works well in a team environment Individual contributor that can work independently Preferred Qualifications Master's degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering and/or related field Healthcare or managed care experience Experience with data extraction and analysis technologies such as SAS, SPSS, QlikView, Hadoop, SQL or similar tools Experience with reporting and creating metrics for management Experience with data mining, predictive modeling techniques and using data to drive business outcomes and decisions Scheduled Weekly Hours 40