Are you someone who enjoys designing, developing and implementing business intelligence solutions, then look no further than P3! As a global consulting, management and engineering services company, we develop and implement innovative solutions to today’s complex technology challenges and industry changes that help our clients succeed at every stage. As a Data Scientist, you will work closely with our clients to help them solve complex problems by analyzing terabytes of data. By taking initiative, you will help drive technical prototypes and proofs of concept. This will include understanding current client needs, identifying modeling/algorithm solutions, creating applicable data science solutions around customer outcomes and delivering value back to our clients. _A Day in the Life:_ Work with senior management to define and implement machine learning solutions or advanced analytics use cases for Fortune 500 clients Always curious about data, constantly asking questions about extracting key insights to understand the domain Manage data received from multiple sources and cleanse data as needed Integrate data from multiple sources and develop data storage solutions Develop data analytics model for descriptive and predictive analytics using client provided data Manage the data quality feedback loop so that all issues are corrected in a timely manner Create visualization dashboards to draw insights and recommendations for clients _What You Have:_ Master’s or Ph.D. Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field is preferred 3+ years of software experience with R and/or Python Solid understanding of machine learning/deep learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, LSTM, Feed-forward neural networks…etc. Able to apply statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression…etc. into understanding key features of the data In-depth experience with data cleaning/processing techniques via R or Python 2+ years of Data Analytics or IT implementation project experience is required 2+ years of experience using data platforms such as cloud and “on-prem” solutions Experience with data visualization (Tableau, Power BI, Qlikview, etc.) and ETL solutions/software (SQL, RDBMS, Cloudera, Mongo DB, etc.) Previous client facing project experience is a must Strong communication skills with the ability to initiate high level discussions with the client _What you might also need:_ (optional/if applicable) Automotive IoT architecture and solution experience An entrepreneurial mindset and has the ability to work independently or within a team The ability to think critically and understand complex processes