Nestlé Health Science (NHSc) is a company on a mission and on the move, motivated by the opportunity to forge a major therapeutic role for nutrition in the management of health and establish a new industry between food and pharmaceuticals. The two elements of the equation are simple; societies are ageing and age and lifestyle related diseases are spiraling. Needs are growing for safe, effective and cost-effective solutions. At the same time, scientific understanding of health, disease and the potential of nutrition – as an integral part of managing health and disease – is growing. Nestlé Health Science , a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Nestlé Group, was created in 2011 to be a leader in these developments and make things happen. We have over 3,000 employees around the world with a wide mix of capabilities – from bio-medical engineers to regulatory specialists, medical delegates (sales force) and health economic experts that reflect our dynamism and intent to create. The Pricing Execution Analysts are change agents, problem solvers and strong communicators who use data and technology to help our business improve. At Nestlé Health Science, you will have a variety of duties including loading customer pricing into the system, reconciling pricing, developing various types of reports, helping managers define a strategy for improving processes and systems, and driving or assisting in implementing those improvements. This position will work with other Business Operations teams, as well as collaborating with many other internal and external business partners. Primary Responsibilities: Uploading Pricing into Systems Upload agreements, terms and conditions into the system. This includes pricing, rebates, admin fees and allowances. Create, renew, extend and maintain agreements, and terms and conditions. Update GDSN database timely with any changes and point person for NHS GDSN. Troubleshoot and identify root causes of pricing discrepancies, and develop solutions. Document issues that result in pricing discrepancies; advise on pricing discrepancies concerns and/or problems that need to be resolved or escalate appropriately. Conduct QA on agreements loaded into systems. Reporting Design, develop, and maintain ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions. Track issues with reports, including agreement terms entered in systems, quality problems, and processing errors. Create job aids, process flows, external-facing forms and documents, and other type of department knowledge articles. Create reporting that will review agreement terms entered into the system against the contract log and/or work with Contract Analyst for accuracy. Process / System Improvement Recognize and adopt best practices in reporting and analysis: data integrity, data accuracy, data completeness, validation, and documentation. Identify and document opportunities for process improvement. Recommend controls for identifying issues and creating improved processes/procedures Other Duties Performs other duties and special projects as assigned and directed.. Qualifications EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS 3-5 years of relevant job experience. 4 year degree in business, management or related. Ability to work independently, with little or no direction. Think strategically, recognizing the inputs and outputs of systems and business processes. Strong analytical skills; ability to make data-driven decisions. Proven problem solver who can detect problems - recommend and implement solutions. High level of attention of detail with effectively organization skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills, with a focus on customer service. Working knowledge of SAP and SAP reporting tools, such as Business Objects and BW environments. Ability to work well in a diverse team and a cross-functional environment. Self-motivated, works quickly and efficiently on multiple tasks. Ability to work effectively in a team environment. The Nestlé Companies are equal employment and affirmative action employers and looking for diversity in qualified candidates for employment.