As part of an enterprise data management organization, this role is both business and technically focused to support the execution of Flagstar’s enterprise data management strategy. As leader of the data strategy and governance team, this role will build relationships across the organization with a focus on alignment of stakeholder strategies with data strategy and data governance practices. Provides strategic leadership and development of leading practices within the data management organization. Job Responsibilities: Create, update and maintain Data Strategy and provide leadership, both administrative and technical, for the day to day operation of the data governance team. Provide leadership for the data governance capability in alignment with the agreed upon governance framework, including development and support of defined roles and responsibilities. Define, communicate, update, and enforce global policies and procedures related to data management policies and processes to ensure a consistent approach across the enterprise. Develop, implement and maintain overarching data governance policies across all data management organization capabilities. Define and monitor metrics and KPI’s to measure the overarching performance of the data governance capability. Direct the governance and change control processes supporting financial data, including: Serve as key liaison to the business for all questions, issues and relationship management related to SLAs. Responsible for the maintenance of internal controls over financial reporting to ensure compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley requirements. Leads and/or contributes to special projects and other assignments as needed. Develop a culture of continuous improvement and compliance with global policies and standards as it relates to data management. Develop, implement and maintain data quality processes, standards and related documentation. Ensure compliance with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. Complete all required compliance training. Maintain knowledge of and adhere to Flagstar's internal compliance policies and procedures. Take responsibility to keep up to date with changing regulations and policies. Job Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree required (preferably in Computer Science or Business) 8-10 years of experience in Mortgage Banking – OR - in finance process/business systems controls Experience with a Master Data Management Suite Experience with an Data Governance or Data Quality toolset Knowledge of master data technology initiatives and core data management strategies/best practices Proficiency in Excel required Solid understanding and experience implementing master data management and data governance policies Solid understanding of how to resolve data quality issues and root cause analysis Ability to coordinate and execute cross-functionally with technical managers, business managers, SME’s, customers, etc. Proven ability to establish a high level of trust and confidence in both the business and IT communities Proven track record of achieving results in challenging environments Ability to communicate verbally and in writing to all levels of the organization in a proactive, contextually appropriate manner Strong teamwork and interpersonal skills at all levels Demonstrated ability to deliver presentations of complex information to a variety of audiences Ability to influence others not within direct control Ability to handle difficult situations with grace and appropriate demeanor Ability to develop others through feedback and proper assignment of tasks Internal Use Only: Band D