Business Analyst JobID: 50592 Position Type: Closing Date: 07/18/2018 Business Professionals/Business Analyst Date Posted: 5/18/2018 Department: Warehouse Operations Date Available: 05/18/2018 Location: Area: Job Category: Warehouse Operations East Job Code: Contract Type: Months: IT0075 None 12 Salary Minimum: Salary Maximum: $34,583 $44,094 Attachment(s): Business Analyst - IT0075 POSITION TITLE: Business Analyst CONTRACT LENGTH: 12 months DATE: 04/30/09 DATE OF LAST REVISION: 11/28/16 Job Code: IT0075 PAY GRADE: 24 FLSA Status: NE Job Family – Information Technology JOB SUMMARY: Analyzes complex business problems in the areas of identifying, evaluating and developing processes, procedures, policies, training, functional testing, data quality and workflows that are cost effective and meet business requirements. Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors. Demonstrates good judgment in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. Expected to develop business requirements with expertise provided from business system analysts including understanding and analyzing the competitive situation; understanding business practices and approaches; recommending business process changes; understanding how to integrate systems and business possesses; driving their work into systems initiatives; understanding business organization, politics and culture; managing change in the business; developing business processes, procedures, and training; exercising any required project management. There are two major roles required to complete business requirements. One is the person from the business-side called a Business Analyst (BA) and the other is the Business Systems Analyst (BSA). In the design of the BA and BSA roles, there is overlap in the areas of understanding the business and eventually how the automation supports the business. The BA focuses in-depth on the business functionality. The BSA focuses on being the expert partner on how to take that business knowledge into automation and systems. The BSA is responsible for bringing the best practices on how to define and implement business functions, process, workflow, and organizational change management. The BA is responsible for making sure the business needs are met using the expertise brought to the table. A Business Analyst is fully knowledgeable on the business’s processes, workflow, controls, and functions. Depending upon the person and the situation, this person may just be a resource for helping define the business processes or responsible for additional roles related to the business processes and the projects that are pursued. They may be responsible for defining these processes, workflow and controls and then actually helping get them executed. They can be held accountable for the training, quality and accuracy of the processes. They may serve as the business owner for these processes but this is rare. When it comes to projects, they may be assigned roles related to the project and the business’s responsibilities on the project. Sometimes they may be assigned the role of business-side project manager on a project. If they are a business project manager, they may be teamed up with a project manager from the IT side. In a project, they will be the primary person for approving the business requirements, completing the policies and procedures, addressing business side data conversion and quality, and conducting and approving user acceptance testing. They will be involved in the implementation of business controls related to the project. They will be responsible for the business’s side of training and rollout of the project into the various business departments. MAJOR DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: 1\. Works with clients to develop business requirements; including analysis of the competitive situation, understanding business practices and approaches and recommending business process changes. Serves as conduit between division and IT to integrate systems and business processes, drive their work into systems initiatives. 2\. Plans and executes integration and acceptance testing; and works with busienss system analyst to create specifications for systems to meet business requirements. 3\. Conducts significant systems testing; supports data conversions; supports local system rollouts; exercises any required project management and executes all work in alignment with HISD’s systems plans. 4\. Understands, proposes, educates and helps implement new business processes through business operations and new systems. Works to continually understand business requirements, document them in standard formats, obtain business user approval and work them seamlessly into the bigger picture. 5\. Helps develop processes, procedures, and training. 6\. Provides consultation to users in the area of automated systems. May lead cross-functional linked teams to address business or systems issues. 7\. Performs other job-related duties as assigned. EDUCATION: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience WORK EXPERIENCE: 5-7 years experience. TYPE OF SKILL AND/OR REQUIRED LICENSING/CERTIFICATION: Advanced analytical skills and business acumen including knowledge of multiple divisions. Uses skills as a seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of industry practice and company policies and procedures; resolves a wide range of issues in imaginative as well as practical ways. This job is the fully qualified, career-oriented, journey-level position. Has completed all basic certifications in area of specialty. Basic education in business analysis and process engineering should be started. LEADERSHIP/SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: No supervisory or direct people management responsibilities. May provide occasional work guidance, technical advice and training to staff. WORK COMPLEXITY/INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT/BUDGET AUTHORITY: Work is substantially complex, varied and regularly requires the selection and application of technical and detailed guidelines. Independent judgment is required to identify, select, and apply the most appropriate methods as well as interpret precedent. Position regularly makes recommendations to management on areas of significance to the department. Supervision received typically consists of providing direction on the more complex projects and new job duties and priorities. Compiles and organizes data and figures. PROBLEM SOLVING /IMPACT OF DECISIONS: Decisions are made with greater freedom and discretion, including recommendations that are subject to approval on matters that may affect multiple departments across HISD. Job is frequently expected to recommend new solutions to problems, to improve existing methods/procedures/services and generate new ideas. May also review decisions made by other individuals on more routine matters. Decisions have moderate impact to the facility/department or division, causing increased satisfaction or dissatisfaction; producing efficiencies or delays; promoting or inhibiting personal intellectual or professional development; and/or contributing to financial gain or expense. Errors may be serious, usually not subject to direct verification or check, causing losses such as improper cost calculations, overpayment or improper utilization of labor, materials or equipment. COMMUNICATION/INTERACTIONS: Collaborate and solve problems – works with others to resolve problems, clarify or interpret complex information/policies, and provide initial screening/negotiations without approval authority. Interactions are typically with customers, senior level professional staff, and managers. CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS: Makes routine or required customer actions to meet customer needs. Responds promptly and accurately to customer complaints, inquiries and requests for information and coordinates appropriate follow-up. May handle escalated issues passed on from co-workers or subordinates. WORKING/ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS: Work is normally performed in a typical interior work environment which does not subject the employee to any hazardous or unpleasant elements. Repetitive motion: Substantial movements of the wrists, hands, fingers, and/or upper body for sustained periods of time, including using extremities to drag, push, pull or grasp. Sitting: Particularly for sustained periods of time. Work is normally set to specified shifts.