Work from anywhere. Not just an idea or a tagline, but a revolution. Led by CEO Craig Walker, co-founder of Google Voice, our team is focused on building an entirely new category of business communications that moves with you - from 50,000 ft above to 50 ft below. With $53 million in funding from Google Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, and other top VC’s along with engineers from companies like Microsoft and Google, every member of our team plays an essential role in creating a voice product that doesn’t just combine design and mobility but that paves the way for the next generation of anywhere workers. We're looking for a Network Engineer to solve those planet-spanning traffic engineering challenges. A seasoned vet who has intimate domain knowledge in how ISPs move IP traffic around the world. An architect eager to build software systems that optimize the flow of large scale media traffic and minimize service disruptions. A security expert committed to defending our customers’ communications and their ability to do business 24/7. Responsibilities Maintain and troubleshoot carrier-grade IP network equipment Help design and implement expansions of the company’s data center infrastructure Plan, coordinate, and implement network and systems security measures Implement enhanced monitoring and tuning of network infrastructure to improve uptime and performance Establish a wide network of peering relationships with customers and ISPs Design and deploy a customer-facing enterprise MPLS product Required 3+ years experience configuring, deploying, and maintaining routers and switches Deep knowledge of routing protocols and technologies. Ex: OSPF, BGP, MPLS, VLANs Experience with provisioning IP transit capacity and building international MPLS networks Experience designing, deploying, and operating a high quality multi-pop IP network Extensive experience monitoring IP traffic and debugging routing issues DDoS and attack mitigation planning Preferred SaaS or ISP experience Juniper JNCIE or Cisco CCIE certification Datacenter design and deployment Experience with configuration management tools such as Ansible, Puppet, Chef, etc. Experience with cloud network monitoring tools: Kentik, ThousandEyes. etc Automation experience using a scripting language such as Python, Perl, Ruby, or Bash Undergraduate degree in Computer Science or Engineering About Us: Poolside. Backyard BBQ. Third booth from the left. Here’s where you’ll find the anywhere workers of Dialpad. Because for us, work is a thing you do not a place you go. And with a customer base of 25,000+ companies, we’re helping build voice products that empower future anywhere workers. Joining our team means collaborating with people that aren’t just passionate about their work but about Argentine tango, musicals, sushi burritos, comic books - you name it. Because if you’re going to redefine the status quo, you need a group of people hungry to do more, to see more, and be more than where they started. There is no idea too crazy and no task too small — we work together to make things we’re proud of. Compensation & Equity Teamwork makes the dream work. We recognize that our dedicated team members are what make our success. That’s why we offer competitive salaries in addition to stock options. Healthcare An apple a day keeps the doctor away - and it doesn’t hurt that we offer 100% paid Medical, Dental and Vision Plan employee coverage. Reimbursements We offer a monthly stipend to help cover your cell phone, home internet, and even gym membership costs. Office Meals Bon Appetit! Enjoy catered lunches, free snacks & drinks (both health and unhealthy - no judgment!) Location, Location, Location San Francisco Raleigh Vancouver Tokyo San Antonio San Jose. From coast to coast, our offices are nestled in active and growing downtown areas.