Who we are: Loadsmart’s goal is to move more with less. We combine great people and innovative technology to move freight throughout North America more efficiently . Our focus is on designing and building the best tools for our team and our customers, using machine learning algorithms to connect freight with trucks. By better matching supply and demand, we provide a game-changing solution to reduce wasted fuel and lost time, cutting out empty miles for motor carrier and providing instant booking for shippers. Who you are: You believe in game-changing innovations and are excited about reimagining a 700 billion dollar industry. You will play a decisive role in our pricing strategy by being an information hound in our current market and industry. You are a motivated self-starter with a passion for problem-solving. Your attention to detail is unmatched, your intellectual curiosity unending and your sense of ownership unwavering. The role: We are looking for a Pricing Analyst to join us in obsessing about our customers success. You have an eye for the macro view of our industry and an deep understanding of the stories and reasons that drive market changes. You will work closely with our Sales, Account Management, Carrier Sales and Data Science teams to assist in identifying which multi-million dollar bets we should make that will maximize yield and minimize risk. Key Responsibilities Develop and implement extended period pricing strategies to be successful with customer bids based on business goals Plan and execute truckload capacity supply and demand analysis covering areas such as pricing, economic activity, current events and other factors Engage with our Sales, Account Management, Carrier Sales and Data Science teams to drive awareness of market trends and the impact those trends will yield Assist in designing a database structure for tracking bids, results and associated success KPIs as well as the SOPs for how our business inputs and interprets that data Develop and validate all sales quotations for accuracy and profitability Qualifications Bachelor's Degree or equivalent working experience Deep knowledge of the truckload market including prices and associated impacting factors Ability to develop a knowledge of SQL +1 years in a similar data-driven decision making role or a pricing analysis role within the truckload industry