About Search Discovery Search Discovery is a business intelligence and analytics company that empowers organizations to use data to improve business performance. We engage clients at every stage of data enablement including strategy, implementation, business experiments, optimization and organizational change management. Our solutions enable more efficient operations, clear business insights and improved decision making across marketing, sales, finance, operations and human resources. We partner with Fortune 5000 companies like Marriott, Chick Fil A, Adobe, Michael Kors and others who are transforming their businesses by leveraging the value of data. We enable people to thrive so that business can thrive. Search Discovery is a people-centric business that operates based on a set of core values. Our values capture the behaviors and attitudes we believe our team members need to successfully serve our clients and each other. These values shape how we hire, how we behave and how we work with our clients. They are the bedrock of our culture-sustaining an environment where people become outstanding problem solvers, creative thinkers, highly skilled professionals. Role Overview Working as a member of Search Discovery’s Business Intelligence team, the Business Intelligence Analyst will be focused on the implementation of highly scalable solutions using various Business Intelligence platforms. The successful candidate will have some experience working hands on with data management systems. A successful candidate will also have demonstrated innovation, creativity, insight, and good judgment in previous positions. Responsibilities: Works with customers, end-users, technical analysts, and application designers to define the data requirements and structure for Business Intelligence (BI) applications Designs models for the data warehouse or data mart (data structure, storage, and integration) Works with clients to aggregate large data sets for use within BI solutions Develops, designs, and optimizes complex SQL queries Leads the database analysis, design, and build effort Designs maps of source system data to data warehouse models Able to determine the best ways to transform data in order to be used to build the best visualization Develop strategies for data acquisitions and integration of the BI Platform’s Data Engine Qualifications: SQL skills required Experience with Windows and Linux environments Experience with Business Intelligence Platforms: Domo, Power BI, Tableau or others Understanding and experience with designing building Data Visualizations that drive decisions Experience with at least one of the following database technologies and familiarity with the others: relational, columnar and NoSQL (i.e. MySQL, Oracle, MSSQL, Vertica, mongodb) Advanced Excel skills, including pivot tables and VBA (Visual Basic for Applications) Goal oriented with strong attention to detail Proven experience in effectively partnering with business teams to deliver their goals and outcomes