Job Description We are looking for a creative, dynamic and results driven developer and engineer to help us build out our roadmap of totally awesome software as a service platform. The person should be a motivated self-starter who is passionate about building high-quality code, finding innovative and cutting- edge solutions to some tough problems and constantly delighting our customers. Key Responsibilities Collaborate with designers and developers to solve complex problems in the area of sales operations and planning Build, test, deploy and maintain Software as a Service Application Participate in feature estimation and scoping Manage time appropriately and clearly communicate changes in effort or scope Write maintainable, standard-driven code Qualifications Required 3+ years of experience developing server-side JavaScript applications Solid experience with Node.JS developing custom services Integration of user-facing elements developed by front-end developers with server-side logic. Experience building front-end applications using ReactJs is a definite plus. Solid experience working with relational database - specifically MYSQL Writing reusable, testable, and efficient code Design and implementation of low-latency, high-availability, and performant applications Implementation of security and data protection Familiarity with testing frameworks (Jasmine, Mocha) Familiarity with task runners (Gulp, Grunt) Familiarity with package managers (NPM, Bower) Familiarity with version control (Git, Mercurial, Subversion) Exceptional attention to detail and design A forward thinker, collaborator, and humble attitude. Excited to work with forward thinking technologies such as Angular2, NativeScript, TypeScript, Firebase and other industry-leading frameworks. Constantly contributing back to the development community. A self-motivated learner who is constantly seeking out new technologies. Desired Full-stack proficiency: Server-side development (i.e. Java, Node.js/Express) Client-side development and styling using html and CSS and React JS Application hosting and deployment (AWS & Heroku) Database administration (i.e.MySQL) Experience with building on or integrating with Salesforce.com platform Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.