OVERVIEW The University of St. Thomas invites qualified candidates to apply for a Computer Systems Administrator within the School of Engineering. Inspired by Catholic intellectual tradition, the University of St. Thomas educates students to be morally responsible leaders who think critically, act wisely, and work skillfully to advance the common good. A successful candidate will possess a commitment to the ideals of this mission statement. JOIN OUR COMMUNITY The University of St. Thomas offers a competitive and comprehensive benefits program, which includes: Up to 100% tuition remission for employees, spouses, and dependents upon eligibility A generous Employer retirement contribution of 9.4% of annual salary upon eligibility Medical, dental, and vision options Employer-paid disability, life, and AD &D; benefits JOB SUMMARY Under the direction of the Associate Dean, the Computer Systems Administrator (CSA) works as part of a team, using shared procedures and methods to keep department computing resources running smoothly. CSAs plan, develop, support, and administer academic computing resources and infrastructure for their assigned academic department. If academic needs have been met, they also support research efforts, as resources allow. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS NEEDS & RESOURCES Serve as a primary contact for computing support within their assigned academic department. Provide technical support to students, faculty, and staff. Also support other departments that use the classrooms you support. Plan computing resources and infrastructure for assigned academic department/program. Work with faculty and staff to assess course needs and concerns. Months in advance of each semester, create and publish a master list of software needs and locations. Work with the department and ITS to obtain required software licenses and hardware. Handle computer replacements each summer. Provide, configure and support resources to capture and broadcast lectures. WINDOWS SUPPORT Design, deploy, test, administer and support computing resources and infrastructure for assigned academic department. Work as part of a team, using shared procedures and methods to keep department computing resources running smoothly. Use SCCM to create master Windows 10 system images. Document the settings and steps. Configure network settings, environment variables, and other registry settings. Deploy updated images to department computer classrooms prior to the start of Fall Semester, and more often when needed. Patch and update as needed. Troubleshoot and resolve any issues. Work with ITS, vendors, carpenters, electricians, as needed. SERVERS and VIRTUAL MACHINES Setup, configure and maintain Hyper-V servers, Linux Servers, and other Windows servers. Assist faculty with setting up and support special purpose servers, such as our Big Data (Hadoop) clusters, Matlab research servers, and more. Setup new computing resources. Create and deploy virtual machines for various classes. Patch and update as needed. LABS and CLASSROOMS Monitor labs, classrooms, and computing resources on a regular basis. Troubleshoot and fix software, hardware, and network problems in labs and classrooms. Keep software and systems up to date and patched. Works with vendors on warranty and repair issues. Become familiar with and support specialized software used by the department you support. e.g.: Matlab, LabVIEW, Oracle, SQL Server, SolidWorks, AutoCAD, ANSYS, C, JAVA, Python, et cetera. DISASTER RECOVERY Plan for disaster recovery. Backup and document system images. Serve as a backup for other team members. SUPERVISE STUDENTS Supervise student employees. Mentor, train, assign duties and projects, and approve timesheets. SPECIAL PROJECTS Take on special projects for the department as assigned. Remain current with technical trends. Research relevant technologies and software. Typical projects include: Help implement ITS initiatives which impact our departments, programming, assist with a class, help setup and staff special events, new student orientation, info sessions, reserve / schedule rooms, proctor exams, assist with office and lab moves, plan new computer labs, help the department become familiar with new software and tools, et cetera. TIME ALLOCATION 80% of the CSA’s time will be assigned to a specific department, with the remaining 20% dedicated to shared resources, and backing up other CSAs. QUALIFICATIONS Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or engineering 2 years of professional experience, to include deploying Windows 10 software using tools such as Windows SCCM, server administration Experience with scripting tools such as PowerShell Experience setting up Hyper-V servers and virtual machines An extensive knowledge of software and operating systems, strong analytical / problem solving skills, strong communication skills, and the ability to plan, develop and administer complex computing resources Preferred Qualifications Familiar with the software used by the assigned department(s) (e.g.: ANSYS and Solidworks for ENGR, Oracle, Python and Hadoop for GPS, etc.) Proficiency with Mac OS and Linux would be a major plus Ability to work with diverse groups, translating their requests into technical support. Able to prepare clear and concise documentation, training material, user instructions, et cetera. Team player. HOW TO APPLY On the University of St. Thomas Jobs page, follow the instructions to complete an online application which includes uploading a resume and copy/pasting a job specific cover letter. _The University of St. Thomas, Minnesota Human Resources Department advertises the official job listing on its website at www.stthomas.edu/jobs._ The University of St. Thomas is an Equal Opportunity Employer