Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Infrastructure is the foundation that powers the building of this community and our data centers are the backbone upon which our rapidly scaling infrastructure operates. The Strategic Planning and Analytics team is responsible for establishing the roadmap for Facebook's Data Center footprint, enabling the business to execute, and developing analytics programs to measure and optimize the health of our operations. We are seeking an experienced thought leader to run forensics for the organization to further optimize our operations as we rapidly scale the footprint. In this role, you will be expected to forge strong partnerships with the leadership team and leverage the Strategic Planning and Analytics teams to deep dive into various parts of the organization and solve hard business problems that will better position the org to scale. The ideal candidate will have experience working in white space and creating impact from the ground up in a fast-paced environment. They will also be a seasoned thought leader with a proven track record of identifying and driving optimization efforts. This is a full-time role based in our Menlo Park office. RESPONSIBILITIES Form strong partnerships across the org to deep dive and surface opportunities for optimization Leverage data and business principles to identify and drive efficiency opportunities for the wider Infra Data Center Organization Partner with multiple cross-functional teams in order to define problem statements, collect data, and make recommendations Identify and implement streamlined processes for establishing a pipeline of efficiency projects and communications Leverage analytical models to identify insights that are used to drive key decisions across the organization Routinely communicate opportunities, trends and other key indicators to leadership Provide leadership and mentorship to members of cross-functional teams Generate clear problem statements and gap analysis for opportunities that will position the org to scale Establish key performance and progress measurements Review cross-functional org processes to improve efficiency Lead and support various ad hoc projects, as needed, in support of Facebook's Infrastructure strategy MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree in an analytical field (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Management Science) 7+ years of experience in solving org-wide business problems 10+ years of hands-on experience analyzing and interpreting data, drawing conclusions, defining recommended actions, and reporting results across stakeholders Experience in leading cross-functional projects that engaging multiple organizations Experience communicating data to all organizational levels Demonstrated experience driving improvement in operational and business processes Demonstrated experience leveraging data-driven models to driving business decisions Demonstrated experience in working with white space with minimal guidance Technical knowledge of data center operations