Develops and maintains promotional insights for a group of categories using statistical software and analysis. Responsibilities Promotion Strategy: Collaborate with pricing and purchasing leadership to conceptualize business issues, develop and translate recommendations into the appropriate promotion strategies. Develop and utilize advanced response models for evaluation in the strategic merchandising initiatives. Analytical Influence and Leadership: Determine areas of business where innovative analytical solutions may be used to drive business growth, create analysis, and develop recommendations. Educate and influence business partners to improve understanding/reliance on quantitative methods for evaluation of promotional events. Develop analytical presentations and communicate them to purchasing leadership. Promotion Analytics: Communicate promotion insights and supporting analytics to pricing, merchandising, planning, and marketing. Create relevant analytical tools/reports/dashboards that encompass promotional data in connection with consumer, customer, and competitor insights. Ongoing Promotion Management: Integrate robust data analysis and variables to develop and maintain promotional strategies that reflects the category’s strategic vision. Manage, analyze, and recommend effective promotions across a set of categories, assess optimal margin rates, maintain sell through goals, and evaluate customer price perception. Analyze promotional events through the use of quantitative methods and report category performance. Perform other duties as assigned or required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Bachelor's Degree in Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Analytical Business Specialty or equivalent experience and at 2 to 4 years of experience in retail, analysis, and/or pricing Ability to communicate the impact of promotions in attaining organizational goals. Proficient in a wide range of analytical, quantitative, and statistical techniques and tools to derive insights from large, complex data environments Experience with statistical analysis software packages (e.g., R, SAS, SPSS, Stata) a plus Excellent communication skills: listening, verbal, and written Strong organizational, planning, and time management skills Strong work ethic complemented with a positive, can-do attitude Ability to deal with ambiguity in a collaborative environment At Whole Foods Market we provide a fair and equal employment opportunity for all team members and candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability. Whole Foods Market hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the position to be filled.