Description: Providence is calling a Clinical Data Engineer PSJH to Providence Health & Services in one of the following locations: Renton, WA, Irvine, CA or Portland, OR. We are seeking a Clinical Data Engineer PSJH to be responsible for collecting, analyzing, creating visualizations and storytelling using clinical data. He/She will have the opportunity to work with diverse data types from many millions of clinical encounters in acute and non-acute settings. Using analytical methods including visualization science, predictive modeling and biostatistics, they will serve as a key member of a team that engineers novel reporting platforms and brings data to bear on hard problems in healthcare. The audience for the Engineer work is the entire Providence St. Joseph Health system, from members of the Board of Directors to front line caregivers. Areas of particular focus include the measurement of Quality and Value of Care (i.e. good outcomes per unit cost). To succeed, the Engineer will interact comfortably and independently with Clinical and Administrative Leaders, subject matter experts and other data engineers, as they evaluate new measures, identify impactful findings in large clinical data stores, and design novel and strong data visualizations communicating key information across the organization. The Engineer will also help ensure that all work produced by the Clinical Analytics team is conducted with thoughtful analytical discipline, and they will support other members of the team through experience with computational methods. In this position you will have the following responsibilities: Clinical Data Expertise: Applies strong knowledge in one or more areas of clinical medicine to data and analytical needs. Data Acquisition: Strong user of graphical user interface-based programs for complex data acquisition and manipulation and/or basic use of SQL. Data Architecture: Design data sources with an understanding of the data architectural needs of complex projects. Data Validation / Accuracy: Evaluates the output of reports to identify errors, performs data validation, error detection, and error correction. Reporting / Analysis: Works with clients to develop and test hypotheses around straightforward questions; summarizes findings in concise communications, including dashboards and slide presentations. Reporting / Analysis: Works with clients to develop and test hypotheses around straightforward questions; summarizes findings in concise communications, including dashboards and slide presentations. Qualifications: Required qualifications for this position include: Bachelor’s Degree - or the equivalent of BA/BS degree in Health Information Management, Computer Science, Mathematics, business administration, healthcare or a related clinical or analytic discipline. a minimum of five years of relevant data analysis. Ability to interprete complex statistical data. Abitliy to effectively build relationship with customers, executive management, and other stakeholders through positive interaction and problem identification and resolution. Ability to exercise sound judgment and make decisions based on accurate and timely analysis. Ability to prioritize responsibilities and to organize workload to ensure that timeframes are met and the work is successfully completed within deadlines. Demonstrated ability to define, develop, and analyze performance measures and metrics. Possesses knowledge of healthcare including: Clinical terms and concepts, Administrative Coding, including DRG, ICD, CPT. Display a record of self-motivated discovery, intense intellectual curiosity, and a passion for working with data to answer important questions. Strong aesthetic sensibility that supports clear visual communication of quantitative information. Knowledge and application of industry standard report writing tools, such as: Excel, SQL, Crystal Reports, etc. Quantitative skills and analytical abilities to interpret complex data for strategic projects and conduct statistical analyses. Preferred qualifications for this position include: Masters’ Degree – Or the equivalent of MA/MS degree in Health Information Management, Computer Science, Mathematics, business administration, healthcare or a related clinical or analytic discipline. 2 years certification in an IT discipline, application, or tool. Experience in a biomedical setting and database query and analysis languages (e.g. SQL, R, Python) and/or data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, D3) highly desired. About the department you will serve. Providence Strategic and Management Services provides a variety of functional and system support services for all eight regions of Providence Health & Services from Alaska to California. We are focused on supporting our Mission by delivering a robust foundation of services and sharing of specialized expertise. We offer a full comprehensive range of benefits - see our website for details http://www.providenceiscalling.jobs/rewards-benefits/ Our Mission As expressions of God’s healing love, witnessed through the ministry of Jesus, we are steadfast in serving all, especially those who are poor and vulnerable. About Us Providence Health & Services is a not-for-profit Catholic network of hospitals, care centers, health plans, physicians, clinics, home health care and services guided by a Mission of caring the Sisters of Providence began over 160 years ago. Providence is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Providence does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, disability, veteran, military status, religion, age, creed, national origin, sexual identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information, or any other basis prohibited by local, state, or federal law. Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Category: Administrative Support (Clinical) Location: Washington-Renton Req ID: 191712