Job Description: Job Summary : The Senior Machine Learning developer is responsible to design, develop, document and support the applications of data analysis and other machine learning tools primarily for use in new and existing solutions developed at ETC. Lead and help drive the technical decision-making process and develop innovative applications for ETC. Essential Duties and Responsibilities : This position includes the following duties. Other duties may be assigned to meet business needs. Design, develop, document and support high-quality machine learning-based applications and artificial intelligence (AI) solutions. Research, prototype, and select appropriate machine learning/AI methods and computational algorithms. Advance the organization’s leadership position in the market for machine learning software by understanding and anticipating customer needs. Work closely with Project team in delivering quality solutions that integrate machine learning tools into other company solutions and analytical products. Research leading-edge areas of machine learning to grow the existing knowledge base. May provide consultation on complex projects and is considered to be the top-level contributor/specialist. A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected Required Experience: Qualifications/Requirements : This list should specifically describe the prior job experience, knowledge, skills and abilities that a candidate would need to be successful Excellent interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills Demonstrated ability to interface effectively and communicate with internal technical staff, internal management and customers Desire to learn all aspects of the Tolling arena including software, hardware, and business Desire to be part of the high paced, high energy environment Have a “can-do” positive attitude and the willingness to get hands dirty Familiarity with Agile methodologies is a plus 5+ years of experience related to systems development relying on machine learning / artificial intelligence technologies Prior experience with Caffe, Python, Logistic Regression, Convolutional Neural Networks and general computer vision knowledge Experience with distributed NoSQL databases and relational databases. Experience with one or more machine learning tools such as Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana Experience with Semantic Segmentation is a plus General knowledge of recent image processing/neural networks research papers is a plus Experience with TensorFlow and Java is a plus. Strong analytical and creative problem-solving skills Strong desire for exploring, evaluating and understanding new technologies Strong self-organization and self-management skills, with emphasis on self-initiation and follow-through Educational Requirements: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related technical discipline. MS or PhD degrees a plus Keyword: Machine Learning Developer From: Electronic Transaction Consultants Corporation