Company Overview At Gannett Fleming, we believe in _improving_ the lives of the people we serve. We believe in _innovation_ and social responsibility. We believe in the _diversity_ of our team and the creative solutions they provide. We believe in embracing _change_ and emerging technologies while maintaining an unmatched standard of quality. We believe in creating an environment where employees can thrive at home and at work. We believe in engaging our employees, building lasting relationships with our clients, and, in turn, making a difference in the world. Excellence Delivered As Promised. It’s more than a slogan. It’s our standard. It’s the expectation we place upon ourselves as individuals and as a company. It represents our commitment to our valued clients, industry partners, and employees. It’s our earnest pledge to do what we say. It’s the core of who we are as a firm and the foundation upon which all of our relationships and projects are built. What You Will Do Our business and technology solutions team provides advisory services that improve the performance of infrastructure assets. Our focus is on improving outcomes and delivering value to our clients. We work at the policy, management, and operational levels. Our projects typically include some combination of the following: organizational change, business process improvement, capital plan/program development, maintenance management, and technology development. We apply qualitative and quantitative information to improve decision-making. Gannett Fleming is looking for an ambitious, self-starter to join our Business and Technology Solutions team as a Business Analyst at either our New York City or Washington, D.C. office. Successful candidates will have strong critical thinking skills and the desire to expand and learn in areas that include infrastructure performance, capital planning and prioritization, maintenance management, or asset management for transportation infrastructure. This is an opportunity to develop your technical knowledge in collaboration with clients and colleagues as part of a dynamic multidisciplinary team. Under close supervision, our Business Analyst 1 will learn to combine their problem solving and analytical skills with innovation to deliver at the highest level. Key Responsibilities: Utilize Microsoft Excel data modelling from multiple sources Maintaining Excel model and processes Quantitative analysis of the performance of transportation infrastructure and transportation service providers Support staff and management of specified assignments and duties Minimum Qualifications Enrolled within a Master’s Program in the area of Transportation Planning, Engineering, or Public Administration or related fields Experience with Microsoft Excel data modelling Knowledge of standard financial modelling practices Interest in the use and application of data analysis in the Transit industry Strong analytical and quantitative skills Excellent verbal and organizational skills Comfortable with the use of Microsoft Office products, especially Microsoft Excel Life at Gannett Fleming For more than _100 years_ , we’ve been a leader in global infrastructure solutions with a focus on planning, design, technology, and construction management services for a diverse array of markets and disciplines. Across more than 60 offices, 2,000+ highly qualified professionals are united in an unyielding commitment to deliver excellence to every client and every project, every day. Gannett Fleming is an Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action Employer, including veterans and disability status. Gannett Fleming Inc. will not sponsor an employment visa (e.g., H-1B visa), including any visa renewal during employment, for any candidate for this position. No relocation assistance will be provided for this position. Local residents will be given preference. _NO AGENCIES PLEASE_ _: Unsolicited resumes from third party agencies will not be accepted._ Location: New York, NY Working Hours: 8 AM – 5 PM Employment Status: Full-Time Internal Requisition ID: 5161 LI-AM1