Position Description What does a great Client Support Representative do? As a Client Support Representative , you will be supporting banks, credit unions and savings & loans that use Fiserv’s Statement Advantage products; responding to client inquires and research of client issues relating to production, quality, delivery schedules, and production specifications. You will also be responsible for client billing and reporting. Essential Job Responsibilities: Research and provide information to other departments that is needed to diagnose, define and resolve client problems. Make recommendations to resolve critical issues and error trends or other recurring issues. Building open communication channels with key client personnel, establishing and facilitating periodic touch point meetings and providing all necessary data to be used for the purposes of conducting periodic Business Review meetings. Provide reports and activity logs for management and client review. Coordinate implementation of solutions. Train, assist, and in general help others as assigned. You’re the kind of person who can: Multi-task Communicate all levels of the organization Learn quickly to define client issues, collect data, establish facts and draw valid conclusions Think analytically Work with confidential data Work independently Basic qualifications for consideration: High School diploma or GED Minimum of two years’ experience in a customer facing role Experience with client quotes, billing and reconciliation Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel and Power Point Preferred qualifications for consideration: Bachelor’s Degree Experience in the financial services industry Experience with print statement production Local Candidates Who we are: Open Solutions offers multi-charter solutions to banking and credit union clients in a shared services model. Its flagship product, the DNA™ platform, is a real-time, open technology account processing solution for financial institutions seeking a modern technology architecture and looking to benefit from the power of data and integration. In addition, Open Solutions has expanded its offerings to include Managed Services and Emerging Products & Services encompassing the following product lines: Managed Network Solutions Network Security Solutions Hardware and Software Lifecycle Management Unified Voice Solutions Managed Hosting Solutions _Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Vet._ Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Vet. Visit http://www.careers.fiserv.com/eeo for more information.