We are now looking for Deep Learning & Genomics Engineer: NVIDIA is using the power of GPU computing and AI to accelerate the adoption of DNA and RNA sequencing technologies. We are seeking passionate and talented individuals to help us realize our mission, which has the potential to accelerate precision medicine and precision agriculture. As a Deep Learning & Genomics Engineer, you will join a research and development team focused on infrastructure development and collaborations with industry and academic partners. This position provides the opportunity to define, implement, productize, and deliver deep learning driven algorithms for a wide range of sequencing technologies. What you will be doing: You’ll prototype and build data processing pipelines and deep learning algorithms for sequencing data Collaborate with multiple AI infrastructure and research teams Drive the testing and maintenance of the algorithms and software modules Develop tools to assist data processing, data quality control, algorithm development, and algorithm testing What we need to see: Advanced degree (MS or Ph.D.) in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Physics, Computational Biology, Computer Science, Mathematics, or related field 5 years of relevant work experience Expertise in deep learning and machine learning Familiarity with one or more deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or Torch Experience developing algorithms and pipelines for next-generation sequencing data analysis is a plus Recognized for technical leadership contributions, capable of self-direction, and willingness to learn from and teach others Strong experience with one or more programming languages & the ability to write high-quality, production-ready code You should display strong communication skills, be organized and self-motivated, and play well with others (be a phenomenal teammate) With highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package, Nvidia is widely considered to be one of the technology industry's most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working with us and our engineering teams are growing fast in some of the hottest state of the art fields: Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Autonomous Vehicles. Are you a creative and autonomous engineer with a real passion for machine learning, computational biology, data science & parallel computing? If so, we want to hear from you. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning