About SHI _Innovative Solutions. World Class Support._ Headquartered in Somerset, NJ, SHI International Corp. has transformed itself from a $1 million “software-only” regional reseller into a $8.5 billion+ global provider of technology products and services. Privately-held and under the guidance of its current ownership since 1989, SHI has experienced tremendous growth in size and scope. Its organic growth and over two decades of stability are a direct result of backing a highly-skilled, tenured sales force with software volume licensing experts, hardware procurement specialists and certified IT services professionals. SHI offers custom IT solutions for every aspect of your environment from software and hardware procurement to deployment planning, configuration, data center optimization, mobility and IT asset management. SHI supports their clients from over 30 offices throughout the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Germany, France and Hong Kong. SHI’s goal is to foster long-term, mutually-beneficial relationships with its customers and partners, every day. Job Description/Overview SHI is a global provider and leading corporate reseller of software, hardware, and related services, providing government agencies, educational institutions and Fortune 1000-Fortune 500 companies with all of their technology needs. SHI is listed in Forbes as one of America’s Largest Private Companies and America’s Best Midsize Employer. The Analyst will report to the Risk and Resiliency Manager and will assist in the implementation and enhancement of the newly designed Risk Management Program. The Analyst will assist in establishing appropriate control and preparedness efforts to sustain the protection of SHI’s brand and reputation. The candidate will serve as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) in the areas of Risk Management (RM), Business Continuity (BC), Disaster Recovery (DR) and Crisis Management (CM). The candidate will ensure components are developed and maintained in compliance to the Firm’s ISO-driven Policy and Associated Standards. Responsibilities/Job Function Responsibilities include, but not limited to: Risk: Assist in the development, communication and training of the firm’s Risk Management Framework ensuring practices are in compliance with relevant risk standards, policies and regulations to maintain an effective control environment. Aid in the development, implementation, oversight and execution of the control programs that focuses on key risks and evaluate the effectiveness of the mitigating controls. Mature the firm’s Process, Risk and Control (PRC) library, Risk Register and evaluate accuracy and completeness of Risk and Control Self-Assessments (RCSA). Ensure appropriate treatment plans are developed to mitigate risk and define residual risk exposure Conduct internal governance control reviews and partners with managers in internal and external audits. Validate and review controls in light of key business projects, business changes and health check events. Develop management reporting and metrics and engages management on appropriate actions. Resiliency: Subject Matter Expert for BCM capabilities and disciplines; liaison to business partners in coordination and communication of BC / DR /CM activities Align policies, standards and procedures with BCM objectives while remaining current on BCM standards and regulatory changes Assist with awareness and training including training material development Partner with Line of Business (LoB) management and Business Continuity Coordinators (BCC) to create, maintain and test BC, DR, and Crisis Management plans and strategies including performing Business Impact Analysis and Risk Assessments May act as a point-person or incident coordinator during an event to facilitate incident response and management reporting Prepare and deliver BCM metrics, data visualizations, and reports to BCM Steering Committee and business management Assists with internal BCM Governance and Control Reviews General: Ensures awareness materials and website content is relevant and consistent Acts as a system administrator for the Risk and Resiliency systems, managing features and functions, creating training materials, conducting end-user training and validating quality and completeness of data. Coordinates responses to RFPs and third party requests Supports initiatives to prepare the organization to react effectively to business disruptions caused by unforeseen circumstances Produces quality deliverables in a timely fashion Must be able to handle multiple tasks with changing priorities, communicate changes in scope and schedule to all concerned parties Ability to work with employees at all levels of the organization Must be able to maintain confidentiality Qualifications/Minimum Skills Required 3 - 5 years of experience in Risk management and/or BC/DR planning and execution (formal BCM program at a medium to large company) Understanding of BC/DR planning concepts, strategies and methodologies Knowledge and experience with Risk Management and Business Continuity Management standards and best practices, including governance frameworks (ISO 31000, 27001, 22301 etc.) Strong understanding of operational risk and business process improvements methods Working knowledge and experience with GRC, BC/DR Planning and Emergency Notification Systems (Send Word Now, a plus) Evaluate, document and maintain standards, processes and procedures relative to BC/DR/CM Demonstrable control awareness experience (e.g. through working within a risk or audit type role) Able to build and foster strong working relationships to influence and drive organizational engagement Able to present information on technical subjects in an understandable manner in both oral and written form. Overall knowledge of networks servers, and applications typically found in modern data centers. Able to work independently Able to take ownership of a project through its life cycle Proficient computer skills required, experience using Microsoft applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Visio and Outlook) Excellent written, verbal and presentation skills Demonstrated organizational, collaboration and project management skills Flexible and positive ‘can do’ attitude; ability to remain calm and work well under pressure or during incidents and times of crisis Must be available to work evenings/weekends and/or on short notice as needed for incident response should an unforeseen event occur Preferred Skills: ABCP/CBCP Certifications preferred ARMP/CRMP Certifications a plus _Equal Employment Opportunity – M/F/Disability/Protected Veteran Status_ LI-MR1