- When you join the Banner Staffing Services, you join a team that puts patients first. You’ll see several ways you can make an impact on one of the country’s leading health systems and help make our patients’ lives easier. The future of health care starts here. As the internal staffing (registry) provider for Banner Health, Banner Staffing Services (BSS) provides opportunities within one of the country’s leading health systems. The BSS team is dedicated to providing personal attention and professional support for its employees. Registry opportunities are a great way to market your skills within Banner Health. As a BSS employee, you are eligible to apply (at any time) as an internal applicant to any regular full-time or part-time opportunities within Banner Health. In addition, registry employment through BSS offers: Competitive wages Paid orientation Flexible Schedules (select positions) Fewer Shifts Cancelled Weekly pay 403(b) Pre-tax retirement plan Employee Assistance Program Employee wellness program Discount Entertainment tickets Restaurant/Shopping discounts Auto Purchase Plan BSS Registry positions do not have guaranteed hours and no medical benefits package is offered. BSS requires: Completion of post-offer Occupational Health physical assessment, drug screen and background check (includes; employment, criminal and education). We are currently in need of a Desktop Engineer with extensive background with Exchange for a project that will go through December 2018. - About Banner Staffing Service AZ Supporting Banner Health, Banner Staffing Services offers a world of opportunities to make an impact on one of the country's leading health systems. In addition, Staffing Services provides the best training in the business, so you can hit the ground running as you enjoy unequaled clinical variety, professional flexibility and lifestyle choices. We provide registry and travel assignments throughout the western United States. The registry allows you to create your own schedule by offering opportunities in a variety of hospital, home care and primary care settings. Banner Travel offers short- term assignments of three twelve-hour shifts per week. Our pay rates are highly competitive, and we offer training in the country's most advanced simulation center. You will also enjoy the stability only an organization as large and successful as Banner Health can offer. About Banner Health Banner Health is one of the largest, nonprofit health care systems in the country and the leading nonprofit provider of hospital services in all the communities we serve. Throughout our network of hospitals, primary care health centers, research centers, labs, physician practices and more, our skilled and compassionate professionals use the latest technology to make health care easier, so life can be better. The many locations, career opportunities, and benefits offered at Banner Health help to make the Banner Journey unique and fulfilling for every employee. - Job Summary This position performs technical support to desktop computers/laptops, applications and related technology. This includes performing equipment installation/upgrades, troubleshooting and problem resolution, and preventative maintenance in accordance with standard guidelines and procedures. The position interfaces with other information technology team members, as well as employees, leaders and physicians on a regular basis to support information technology needs. Essential Functions Installs, configures and performs ongoing usability and maintenance of desktop computers, peripheral equipment and related software, following standard departmental procedures and standards. Provides customer support on all standard network and collaboration software products and technologies including establishment of wired and wireless network connectivity and serving as a resource on computer equipment and software applications. Following standard procedures, performs complex troubleshooting activities, escalating issues to other information technology departments/staff as needed. Documents all actions and problem resolution of end-user requests using tracking management systems. Keeps customers informed through problem resolution. Assists and/or leads moves, adds, changes, and repairs of hardware equipment. This position works closely with other departmental areas, end users, and third party vendors and is responsible for documenting all request activities. Also assists and plays a role with the implementation of new or upgrade of existing application systems. Prepares and completes necessary documentation as it relates to hardware inventory and hardware needs for the facility/location. Assists with ensuring appropriate levels of equipment are maintained. Provides report data gathered through remote management and inventory collection systems, as assigned or needed. Serves as a mentor and resource to less seasoned/experienced technicians. Participates in projects, as assigned or directed. Conducts needs assessment and provide recommendations to information technology leadership identifying basic to moderately complex customer, departmental, and/or facility/location software and/or hardware needs. Minimum Qualifications Must possess knowledge as typically obtained through the completion of an associates degree in electronics, computer technology or related field. Proven knowledge and experience providing desktop/hardware support as demonstrated through two to four years of related experience. This includes experience performing equipment installation/upgrades, troubleshooting and problem resolution complex issues, and preventative maintenance. Must possess good oral and written communication skills. Requires excellent customer service skills to interact with all levels within the organization.As is typical in this industry, variable shifts and hours and carrying/responding to a pager may be required. Preferred Qualifications General knowledge of information technology and healthcare is desirable.A+ Certification preferred. Additional related education and/or experience preferred.