The AzureCAT team is a customer facing team inside Microsoft’s Cloud + Enterprise Engineering organization. Would you like to continue your cloud journey as an architect heavily focused on the Hybrid Computing, helping customers navigate the private and public cloud story? AzureCAT Architect’s are senior members who lead strategic projects, mentor technical deliver team members and be the voice driving strategic decisions in engineering representing our customers. This role will work close with other architects and customers to create a complete picture and execution frame for customer working a heterogenous cloud and on premise environment. The Microsoft Cloud + AI Organization is responsible for building, deploying and operating Microsoft’s cloud platform. As part of this organization, AzureCAT team works to accomplish three strategic goals: 1) Work directly with our most strategic customer projects worldwide to ensure they are successful on the platform. 2) Ensure our engineering teams fully understand the end to end customer experiences on the platform and 3) Share important learnings with the larger community worldwide. Responsibilities The Architect role will be responsible for: Customer success on the Azure platform with special focus on private and public cloud strategy and direction Influence the strategic direction of Hybrid engineering organization Contribute learnings to the larger community via written guidance Mentorship and development of team technical delivery personnel You will be exposed to unique, high end, challenging problems to solve. You will connect, share and learn from some of the best software engineers in the world. The position location is in US with a need to be in Redmond WA often where the core engineering activity takes place so you can engage directly and often with the team. There could be up to 50% travel worldwide as we are expected to be working directly with our customers on site albeit you will have full control of your own travel. Qualifications Basic Qualifications: 6+ years industry experience with Application Architecture and Cloud Design Preferred Qualifications: Have successfully deployed customer cloud project both private and public Have a good understanding of end to end Cloud customer experience Preference for wide variety of experiences with technology especially non-Microsoft technologies Understanding of how solutions are architected, designed, built and deployed end to end Strong communications skills Passion to drive the next generation computing paradigm Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.