The Program Specialist VI reports to the Data Analytics and Reporting Team Manager in Health, Developmental and Independence Services (HDIS), Medical and Social Services Division. The Program Specialist VI conducts highly advanced (senior-level) consultative services and technical assistance work for reporting on programs within HDIS and for management decision support. The Program Specialist VI interacts with program subject matter experts, and/or executive management in defining business problems, understanding specialized programs, and gathering data for reporting, and coordinates projects with other analysts in the unit as needed. The Program Specialist VI may serve in a leadership role to train, lead, and mentor other staff in a team setting. The position works under minimal supervision with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. The amount of travel involved is expected to be minimal. The Program Specialist VI will perform other duties as assigned, including those required to maintain HDIS operations. Essential Job Functions: Interprets and develops internal DART policies and procedures. Makes recommends to increase the efficiency of DART activities. Oversees the analysis, implementation, and documentation of DART policies. Oversees the performance of a variety of technical, training, research, planning, policy, program assessment, and administrative activities for DART staff. Has knowledge of and interprets state laws and agency rules. (35%) Acts as a liaison between DART and HDIS programs to provide technical assistance on program reporting. Coordinates and facilities meetings involving DART and HDIS program staff. Participates in the performance of a variety of technical, training, planning, policy, program assessment, and administrative activities for DART and HDIS programs. Creates data visualizations based on programmatic needs. (25%) Prepares high quality written updates, summaries, and other documents as assigned. Develops materials for the preparation or follow up to workgroups and meeting conducted for internal and external stakeholders. (20%) Oversees the collection, organization, analysis, and preparation of materials in response to requests for program information and reports. (15%) Other duties as assigned include, but are not limited to, actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency's obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternate shift pattern assignment or location. (5%) Knowledge Skills Abilities: Knowledge of Texas state government. Knowledge of state and federal laws governing health and human services. Knowledge of the collection, analysis, and dissemination of health and human services data, including applying state and federal reporting requirements and guidelines. Knowledge of research methods, principles, techniques and philosophies. Knowledge of statistical concepts, methods, and their application to data analysis. Skill in analyzing and evaluating systems and procedures. Skill in preparing, interpreting, and presenting statistical and data analytic reports. Skill in communicating and interacting effectively with stakeholders including co-workers, program managers and staff, and HDIS executive leadership. Skill in organizing research findings and developing creative solutions for presentation and implementation. Skill in developing presentations. Skill in writing concise reports. Skill in planning, coordinating, and monitoring projects and/or supervising the work of others. Ability to work cooperatively as a team member in a fast-paced, deadline oriented environment. Ability to work independently under tight deadlines and manage multiple projects and deliverables. Ability to interpret program directives and policies. Ability to plan and coordinate activities. Ability to organize tasks and projects. Ability to devise solutions to problems. Ability to develop and evaluate policies and procedures. Ability to perform work with a high degree of attention to detail. Ability to communicate orally and in writing, including presenting research results in non-technical language. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Initial Selection Criteria: Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in a relevant field (e.g., information technology, computer science, statistics, public health, epidemiology, health communication). Minimum three years’ experience working in a position interacting with or managing internal or external stakeholders or similar job function. Additional work experience may substitute for education on a year-for-year basis. Experience with a Texas State agency and/or knowledge of Texas Health and Human Services programs preferred. Additional Information: Requisition 376809 HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.