YourMechanic is a technology company with the vision that car repair should be as easy as buying a book on Amazon. We believe that life is too short to spend at the waiting room of an auto shop. We believe that people deserve a car repair experience that is hassle-free and totally transparent. At YourMechanic, we are making this happen. With a few clicks on our App or website, a highly-trained partner-technician comes to your home or office to fix your car. We are looking for smart and versatile Operations Specialists to join our Mechanic Operations team. As an Operations Specialist, you will play a critical role in ensuring the success of our nationwide network of partner- technicians. Your primary responsibility will be working with partner-technicians to ensure that their experience using our App is seamless. This begins with the partner- technician sign-up process and continued assistance with any technical difficulties that may arise while the partner-technicians are using the App. As we continue to evolve our processes, you will play a critical role in helping to shape our process while striving to provide customers and partner- technicians with delightful experiences. This is the ideal position if you are a good communicator, enjoy problem- solving, and seek hands-on experience and behind-the-scenes exposure to all aspects of a rapidly growing start-up. Since you'll be part of a small and growing team, there are great opportunities for growth for those who demonstrate ambition and initiative. Responsibilities Recruit, assess, & onboard mechanic partners. Proactively seek opportunities for supply growth and improvement Work with partner-technicians to complete the sign-up process and engagement on the platform Be the expert on all the ins-and-outs of our Mechanic App and company procedures, and have the ability to troubleshoot solutions Additional ad-hoc operational projects Requirements Excellent verbal communication skills, particularly over the phone Ability to thrive in a fast-paced and dynamic startup environment Self-starter who takes initiative and is self-motivated Detail-oriented Critical thinker and creative problem solver Effective at working in a cross-functional role Willingness to do what it takes to get the job done Prior automotive experience and/or passion for cars is a big plus, but not required