JobTitle: Operations Support Coordinator Department: Corporate Operations Immediate Manager: Sr. Vice President of Operations The Opportunity: Flix Brewhouse is the planet’s only dine-in movie multiplex and microbrewery, now expanding across the country. All team members of America’s Cinema Brewery are on a mission to be the Gold Standard entertainment experience in each community we serve. Our purpose is to create and share happiness through GREAT people who put guests first. We value respect for each other, the pursuit of excellence and a culture of achievement, all enabled by a companywide commitment to teamwork. If you like helping people by deploying smart solutions and resolving business issues, all the while learning new technical skills, come grow with us personally, professionally and financially. And it won’t hurt a bit if you have a passion for movies and appreciate good craft beer! Position Snapshot: Reporting directly to the Sr. Vice President of Operations, as Operations Support Coordinator you will serve as the conduit between our support center and field operations. The role requires a sharp, personable, savvy and detailed team player ready to support, consolidate and coordinate all information out to the operating field. Successful individuals will be business organized, possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, capable of multi-tasking and meeting deadlines in a fast paced environment. Based at our corporate headquarters in Round Rock, TX , this position requires a Monday through Friday schedule but can vary based on business needs, which may include evenings, weekends and holidays when our theaters are their busiest. What You’ll Do: Responsible for weekly reporting including comparable sales set, guest survey assembly, actual to forecast and labor summaries. Maintain up-to-date understanding of site budget for COGS, Labor %, Other Operating Expenses; elevate issues to site leader(s) or SVPO as needed. Act as the communications conduit and prepare roll-outs for all programs to the field regardless of size of project. This requires interfacing and coordination with the following departments: Learning, Operations Support, Food and Beverage, Accounting, Human Resources and Marketing. You package and assemble all components from each of these departments to create an environment of crystal clear steps and one stop shopping for the field. Validate and ensure SmartSheet completion and sign off for all field roll outs to keep projects running on time. Prepare agendas and handouts for all meetings where our operations team is assembled. Complete assigned task list for new unit openings. Take notes and prepare minutes for all meetings where our operations team is assembled. Prepare and distribute a monthly newsletter for Flix Team Members. You will need to author content, request updates from various departments and assemble and package a multi-page document with relevant information with Flix branded tone. Administrative duties: assist Sr. VP of Operations in calendar coordination, correspondence, guest responses that require SVP’s intervention. Maintain company email address database, domain authentication list for network management partners (will allow for individual authentication to wifi in Flix locations), group mailboxes and aliases. Manage and complete various special assignments. No two days are ever alike and there are always interesting projects. Flix Brewhouse has a no boredom guarantee! Experience and Skill Profile: Associates degree with coursework in communications. One to two years working in a hospitality related business. Experience in the restaurant and/or cinema industries a definite plus. Enjoys fostering a team environment and being the organizational communication conduit. Proven attention to detail, with conscientious follow-up and follow-through habits. Good listening skills and ability to clearly explain solutions. Ability to create written communications that are both concise and engaging. Adaptable in a fast-paced environment and able to pivot when priorities shift. Compensation and Benefits: Full-time position; overtime and holiday pay premiums when applicable Competitive pay (starting range $15-$18/ hr.) Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance plans available Optional 401(k) with generous employer match Tuition reimbursement for relevant courses Accrued paid time off (PTO) Free movies and discounts on food and family outings at Flix Brewhouse.