The Cerner Reporting Analyst will be responsible for developing, maintaining, and distributing financial, clinical, and operational reports using the tools within the Cerner Solution including CCL, Discern Analytics, and Power Insight. Additional skills in MS/SQL and Business Objects required. The position reports to the Director of Business Intelligence and works closely business owners at a corporate, facility or clinic level. This position supports excellent financial and clinical outcomes by providing timely and accurate information to end-users. This position will be located in Richardson, TX. Create custom reports on the Cerner platform, utilizing the reporting tools within Cerner. Research and resolve data discrepancies on existing standard and custom reports. Work with end-users to resolve issues with scheduled report failures. Maintain strong communication with users engage is new report creation or issue resolution. Qualifications University degree, or equivalent experience specific to healthcare financial and clinical reporting. 2 years’ experience working with Cerner CCL, DA2 and Power Insight, 5 years’ experience in healthcare financial and clinical reporting. Cerner report writing tools; CCL, DA2 and Power Insight required. Proficiency in MS office products required. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Self-reliant work ethic and ability to operate independently, yet work well with a team as needed. Excellent communication skills and even mannered interpersonal skills. Ability to research, understand and apply new technologies. Knowledge of healthcare operations, processes, and policy, as well as healthcare terminology. Ability to react to shifting priorities, demands and timelines. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled Job Analyst Primary Location Texas-Dallas Organization Steward Health Care, West Division Education Level Bachelor's Degree Job Posting Employee Status Full Time Benefit Eligible 36-40 hrs/wk Work Schedule Days