As an Enterprise Architect at the Co-op, you’ll strengthen our architecture discipline through bringing together REI employees across the company who perform Architecture, Analysis, Development and Project Management activities. You will maximize business value by strengthening our business and IT design practices through partnership, community, structure, and guidance. You'll serve as a liaison between the Co-op Leadership, IT Directors, IT Architects, IT application and IT infrastructure teams to ensure solutions are implemented designed in keeping with our Architectural Principles, Policies and Guidelines. Bring your passion and expertise Related work experience for 7+ years with previous experience in Retail (physical or digital), Merchandising or Supply Chain Min 5 years as a Solution Architect, Domain area Architect or Enterprise Architect Demonstrated proficiency in: Architecture Modeling & Design Design documentation Information modeling Design patterns and architecture styles System qualities and tradeoffs – solution evaluation experience Software security methods and models Application frameworks Software development experience (programming models, runtime execution environments, software design patterns, software engineering, software documentation) Understanding of both business and systems processes and an ability to understand and explain issues from both a technical and a business functional point of view. Understanding of business functionality, interfaces, data flow, and functional architecture of systems supported. Demonstration of strong oral & written communications, teaching, facilitation & negotiation, leadership & influencing skills. Ability to work as a member of a highly collaborative team. Aptitude for creative thinking, decision-making, leaning, problem-solving, systems thinking, personal ethics, organizational skills and trustworthiness. Why you'll love it here REI Information Technology is a team of creative and smart technologists who work in a collaborative environment to build business value through technology. And, we have the support of a great company to tackle some pretty dynamic challenges that will keep REI relevant for years to come. If you have a passion for the outdoors and want to be a part of innovating retail technology, this job is for you.