Min Qualifications Bachelor's degree or equivalent in related field and 6 years experience. JOB DESCRIPTION: Assists information services leadership team in managing major functions within the project, customer support, or operations group of information services. Salary Range From $94,000.00To $122,200.00 Annually Specific Job Related Duties Manager Data Architecture _This is a working manager role. The manager will provide direction to the data modeling group while concurrently working on data models. _ Manage the creation of transactional and multidimensional data models, ETL requirements and validate results with business representatives Manage a team of junior and senior data modelers. Complete performance evaluations, goal setting, professional development plans and problem resolution. Support implemented BI solutions by: monitoring and tuning queries and data loads, addressing user questions concerning data integrity, monitoring performance, troubleshoot database issues and communicate functional and technical issues Work within an Agile environment to plan and deliver incremental data models in defined sprints Build strong partnerships with BI Solutions Developers, ETL Developers and Project Manager Serve as the business modeler / data analyst for analytics projects and initiatives, creating conceptual and logical business models used to generate physical data models and database schema. Identify and document current and future state of data architecture. Research, promote and develop data architecture best practices. Work closely with business and IT teams to clarify and refine functional data requirement specifications. Research, present and accurately articulate benefits and goals of these data modeling technologies Establish new data standards and processes to support the organizational needs Effectively present / communicate data models to the business, IT and the project teams. Create and maintain a metadata management capability to integrate data dictionaries with the enterprise business glossary. Standardize naming conventions Data Governance Committee liaison for the analytics team Work Schedule Monday - Friday, 8 AM to 5 PM Primary location is in the Clear Lake Center (with visits to Galveston Campus) and rotational on call Preferred Education A bachelor’s degree in engineering, information technology, math, sciences or technical discipline or extensive relevant experience. Preferred Skill/Competency Strong analytical and problem solving skills; Strong communication and interpersonal skills Strong data modeling skills Strong SQL skills Preferred Work Experience Basic Qualifications: BS/MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field, or equivalent experience 5+ years of experience building large scale BI and Data Warehouse systems 5+ years of SQL experience 5+ years of ETL experience 5+ years of data modeling experience 5+ years of performance tuning 5+ years Data Warehousing experience Experience with leading teams Energetic and passionate and someone who loves data Required: 5+ years’ experience in data warehousing, business intelligence, analytics and/or reporting systems. Experience in the design and building of enterprise data warehouses. Experience working with end users to gather requirements and build robust data models. Experience in leading high functioning teams Ability to work in a fast paced environment Ability to facilitate meetings and delegate responsibilities. Preferred: Management Experience Closing Statement it Equal Employment Opportunity UTMB Health strives to provide equal opportunity employment without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information or veteran status. As a VEVRAA Federal Contractor, UTMB Health takes affirmative action to hire and advance women, minorities, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.