Req ID: 18142 Shift: Days Employment Status: AF - Active - Regular - Full Time Job Summary The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP) Research Institute is recruiting a new team to build a data and informatics program called “Arcus” that will link clinical and biological data and provide world-class computational tools to solve the most challenging problems in child health. Recognizing the central role of data to the future of pediatric research, CHOP leadership and the Board of Trustees committed to a funding plan, and Arcus was launched in July 2017. The Arcus team integrates with major scientific initiatives in the Research Institute Strategic Plan: Lifespan, Rare Diseases, Novel Devices and Therapeutics, and Precision Health. We seek mission-oriented professionals with interest and expertise in the areas of biomedical science, library science, data education, data science, cloud computing, data privacy, and security. The Data Instructional Specialist II position is a data education role for experienced data professionals who have a background in training others in data principles. The position will involve working with many stakeholders of different skill levels, scientific interests, and learning preferences. This role requires creativity, enthusiasm, and empathy, in addition to technical expertise. The Data Instructional Specialist II is responsible for data related educational tasks such as requirements elicitation, instructional format decisions, effective instructional design and development, and delivery of instruction. The tasks carried out by the Data Instructional Specialist II benefit internal customers (health care researchers) in a rapidly-changing, fast-paced health care research setting. This role requires the ability to learn and adapt quickly, collaborate with subject matter experts, work with a variety of stakeholders with different needs and requirements, and demonstrate understanding of a research strategy which is computational, reproducible, innovative, and data-rich. The successful candidate will have a combination of expertise in a field related to computational data science (such as cloud computing, data analytics, statistical programming, machine learning, data integration, database administration, biostatistics, software development, etc.) and in an instructional area (such as training and supervision, instructional design, classroom instruction, technical writing, eLearning, curriculum development, etc.). Experience in basic, translational, or clinical research will be helpful. Job Responsibilities Assists in the design and evaluation of educational plans and project management of a large-scale data training initiative for researchers. Independently conducts requirements elicitation and develops educational objectives for specific topics such as data annotation, data privacy compliance, literate statistical programming, and the use of custom software; proposes new topics and educational methods. Performs discovery and suitability assessment of existing educational resources, within and outside the enterprise, for specific assigned topics. Demonstrates advanced subject matter expertise in multiple data related topics in order to effectively develop and conduct education. Acts as a subject matter expert to obtain, revise and/or validate training content, in concert with other subject matter experts. Creates standards for and plans pilot tests; oversees revision of instructional material based upon data from pilot tests and other formative evaluations. Designs and develops assessment strategies and tools to evaluate learning results and measure business impact. Keeps current in training methodologies and technology developments and work to incorporate best practices into department processes as appropriate. Mentors more junior Data Instructional Specialists in tasks of intermediate complexity Independently project manages educational undertakings of intermediate to advanced complexity Performs related tasks as assigned. Required Education and Experience Required Education : Bachelor’s degree Required Experience: At least three (3) years of experience in an educational setting such as training and supervision, instructional design, classroom instruction, technical writing, eLearning, curriculum development, etc . (may overlap with computational data science years of experience) At least three (3) years of experience in a computational data science field such as cloud computing, data analytics, statistical programming, machine learning, data integration, database administration, biostatistics, software development, etc. (may overlap with educational years of experience Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic Preferred Experience: Experience conducting or assisting in clinical, translational, or basic research (e.g., as research assistant/associate, study coordinator). Experience in the implementation and evaluation of training programs (university, corporate, organization-wide programs/plans). Expertise in visual and instructional design tools such as Adobe Creative Suite, Camtasia, Captivate, Articulate, Storyline, etc. Web Development and User Experience (UX) expertise. Additional Technical Requirements Demonstrated appreciation of diversity and affinity for interacting with people of varying backgrounds and perspectives. Ability to plan, organize work and use time effectively and efficiently. Excellent writing/speaking skills. Instructional design methodologies, E-Learning Strategies, LMS management, computer-based training development skills preferred. Project management expertise or certification. All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer). Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 866-820-9288 Email: TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu