Teradata Database Administrator Engineer - 331065 We are a specialty retailer offering the very best of what’s next in fashion for men, women and children since 1901. JOIN US WHERE IT ALL BEGAN. Whether you design clothes or business strategies, crunch numbers, lead projects or write code, we have a place for you at our Seattle headquarters. And we think Seattle is a pretty great place to live. More than just rainy days and coffee, Seattle has it all — mountains and beaches, arts and parks, music and film. It's made up of quirky neighborhoods, award-winning restaurants, and thriving industry. Come see for yourself! Be part of a dynamic team of experienced Data Warehouse engineers responsible for some of our most valued information platforms for BI, Data Analytics and Executive Dashboards. We continually enhance and add value to our Massively Parallel Processing database engines. Redshift and Teradata on AWS are our primary MPP platforms, however, our team is a big part of integrating these with Hadoop and BI cubing solutions. A day in the life... Build automation tools around provisioning, monitoring, and BCDR for multi-region AWS MPP database solutions. Development of tools to improve workload management, data replication, resource management and user access. Partner with development teams to review and tune applications to be as efficient as possible. Provide oversight and quality control of SQL being promoted to production. Be proactive and involved early in the development cycle. Routinely monitor the performance and health of Teradata on-premise and AWS based platforms in addition to multi-region Redshift clusters. Provide coordination of activities in database software and hardware maintenance events. Troubleshoot and tune data loading, refreshing, and replication issues involving Data Mover, FastLoad, MultiLoad, TPT, Redshift Copy/Unload, etc. Support, troubleshoot, and enhance backup methods using ARC and other methods. Assist leadership in providing technical guidance and roadmaps on Teradata and other related data management platforms. Plan and support Teradata hardware and software upgrades and maintenances. Work with Compliancy team in the design, development and implementation of security policies and integrity controls including SOX, PII, and PCI audit requirements. Understand and communicate principles and design tradeoffs for a mix of Teradata and Redshift databases. Escalate and follow through on incidents created with the database vendors. Develops and maintains database standards and documentation. You own this if you… Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent training and experience. Teradata Database Administration: 5 years overall; 3+ years on version 14.x or higher. Amazon Redshift: 2 years of development, administration, or performance tuning. Amazon Web Services: 2 year of Infrastructure Development including EC2, ELB, Route53, ASG. At least 4 years with Teradata Tools and Utilities: SQL Assistant, BTEQ, Multiload, Data Mover, etc. At least 4 years with Teradata performance optimization using PDCR, DBQL, etc. At least 4 years with Teradata SQL tuning. At least 2 years with Teradata 14.10 and SLES 11 New Features. Teradata Certification a plus. Experience with Data Warehousing concepts including Star and Snowflake schemas, Conformed Dimensions, etc. Experience managing Active Enterprise Data Warehouses and Appliances. Experience with Teradata Active System Management (TASM) for Workload Management. Troubleshooting and tuning complex database performance and replication issues. UNIX Administration experience managing Teradata systems (Suse Linux10). Solid verbal and written communicate skills to work well with a diverse community of customers including novice users, developers, data scientists, and executive leadership. Experience with CPPT for Capacity Planning. Physical Database Design and Implementation Experience. Experience optimizing database objects to improve the experience using BI tools such as MicroStrategy, Tableau, SAS, etc. a plus. Willingness to work a flexible schedule and be 'on call' to accommodate project deadlines and business requirements. We’ve got you covered... We offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, vision and dental coverage, a fabulous merchandise discount, an employer-matched 401(k) plan, employee stock purchase plan and much more depending on your role. _We are an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a diverse environment._ This job description is intended to describe the general nature of the work employees can expect within this particular job classification. It is certainly not a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required for this job. LI-JH2 Job : Technology Date Posted : 02/09/2018, 1:41:06 PM Location : United States-Washington-Seattle United States-Washington-Seattle