About the team Join our industry-leading Economic Research team bringing innovative analysis, creativity and excellence to the U.S. housing market. Our mission is to leverage Zillow’s unique proprietary data on American housing – often in combination with other public or private data – to answer Americans’ questions about the housing market and, often, the American economy more broadly. You’ll work in an informal, fun, collaborative atmosphere with a sharp and dynamic team that loves all things data and all things economics, but also has a diverse range of interests and skills. About the role Do you have a knack for leveraging data and economic insight to answer timely, real-world questions? Are you the Emergency Room doctor of Dismal Scientists – able to rapidly diagnose and propose a treatment plan to answer a wide range of economic questions, moving fluidly across research domains including housing, labor, macro and econometrics? Can you prioritize and focus on an immediate – even if partial – response while filtering out the superfluous or unnecessarily complicating noise? Do you love engaging with the current events and believe that economics must be applied to address people’s real questions and concerns? If so, Zillow has the role for you. Why Us Your work will be highly impactful. Research we do ends up in the nation’s most reputable publications as well as in public-facing tools used by millions of Zillow consumers. Your work will be intellectually engaged. Top-of-mind research questions change from day to day. While there are some constant threads in our work, our specific research topics evolve and adapt to the state of the housing market and the economy. You will never be bored. You will have the opportunity to develop your skills. Our team is a tremendous resource to each other. We have a tremendous range of analytical and technical skills and we love the opportunity to teach others. What You’ll Do: Work with vast amounts of public and private data to answer timely, real-world questions in a logical, accurate and accessible way. Respond to data requests and research questions from Zillow’s consumer and professional audience, and communicate these findings via public research briefs or private memos. Move fast and think big. Who you are A graduate degree in economics or other related field. Knowledge of econometrics and multivariate statistics and the ability to apply these skills. Experience with R and SQL or similar statistical software packages (e.g., Stata, SAS, Matlab, Python). Experience with data visualization software such as Tableau is an advantage. Record of applied research – published or unpublished – and the ability to independently plan and execute short research projects from start to finish on established timelines averaging around two weeks. Detail-oriented, analytical, and accurate. Insatiable intellectual curiosity. Get to know us Zillow Group houses a portfolio of the largest and most vibrant real estate and home-related brands on the web and mobile. Our mission is to build the largest, most trusted and vibrant home-related marketplace in the world. Zillow Group is owned, fueled and grown by innovators who help people make better, smarter decisions around all things home. We encourage one another at every level, and our efforts are supported by employee-driven, world-class benefits that enable us to enjoy our lives outside the office while building fulfilling careers that impact millions of individuals every day. _Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know._