This Service Owner position is part of the IT System Services Division. The Service Owner is accountable for the delivery of one or more services through the full service lifecycle (design, transition, operation and continuous improvement). The role is accountable to both the customer and IT leadership for the delivery of the service. The service(s) include complex IT services that involving multiple technical and business disciplines and functions. The mission of the Service Owner is to provide single point of accountability to assure that the ongoing service delivery and support meet agreed customer requirements by leading day-to-day operational activities in support of a service across multiple technical and business disciplines, departments and agencies. This position does not have staff reporting directly to it; but rather, collaborates with staff in various roles across the appropriate functional organization. Performs highly advanced and/or managerial (senior- level) computer systems analysis work. Work involves directing the planning, budgeting, and analysis of user requirements, procedures, and problems to automate processing or to improve existing services. May plan, assign, and/or supervise the work of others. Works under minimal supervision, with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Essential Job Functions: (45%) Single point of accountability for the service(s). Leads project within the service(s) whether new deployment, service improvement or other project types. Manages the risk of operating the service. Understands the service requirements, technical requirements, interoperability, integration dependencies and support dependencies. Serves as the point of contact of escalation (notification) for major incidents. Ensures that any changes to the service follows the current change management work practice. Plans for service future. Works with IT System Service Operations Management Director to identify and priorituze service improvement. (15%) Represents the service across HHS and IT. Coordinates communication among support and systems staff. Leads external service review meetings with customer(s). (10%) Provides input to service performance, availability, security, etc. Assures service Continual Service Improvement (CSI). Planned and unplanned after hours work required as necessary to meet schedule requirements. (20%) Is responsible for ensuring that the service entry in the Service Portfolio/Catalog is accurate and is maintained. Participates in negotiating Service Level Agreements (SLAs) and Operational Level Agreements (OLAs) for the service. Ensures that performance meets the requirements of SLAs and OLAs. (5%) Provides reporting and metrics on performance of service. (5%) Other duties as assigned. Knowledge Skills Abilities: • Knowledge of state and federal laws affecting Health and Human Services and IT practices • Knowledge of and demonstrated performance in project management principles and techniques. • Recent and advanced skills working with complex IT services. • Strong consultative abilities in identifying and recommending best practices. • Ability to research, analyze and compile data into presentation format. • Ability to analyze and solve problems. • Ability to communicate clearly and interface diplomatically with all personnel at all levels of the organization. • Ability to develop, implement, communicate, and lead an organizational vision which integrates key state goals, priorities, values and other factors. • Ability to prepare and conduct group training sessions. • Ability to handle multiple concurrent projects and services. • Ability to communicate effectively orally and in writing with a wide variety of staff. • Ability to plan and coordinate complex work involving staff from multiple functions and agencies. • Ability to facilitate group brainstorming sessions with mind map tools. • Skill in strategic planning and executing and evaluating complex initiatives, rules, regulations, policies and procedures. • Skill in leadership, communication and public speaking. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Certiifed Project Management Professional (PMP) ITIL Certified Preferred Microsoft Certification (MCSE, MOS, MSCD, MCSA, MTA) preferred Certified Texas Contract Management (CTCM) within six months of employment Initial Selection Criteria: Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in a field relevant to the assignment is preferred. Certified Project Management Professional (PMP). Demonstrated experience in coordinating high level projects and systems is strongly preferred. Additional Information: MOS Code: There are no direct military occupation(s) that relate to the responsibilities, and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if they meet the qualifications for this position. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.