Description: Phoenix - AZ, PHX4750A, 4750 E Francisco, 85044-5359 Christine Marie Hill 20171227-6492 We believe that , when done right, investing liberates people to create their own destiny. We are driven by our purpose to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity. We respect and appreciate the diversity of our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve. We challenge conventions strategically to create value for our clients, our firm and the world. We live and bring to life the concept of ‘own your tomorrow’ every day. We champion our employee strengths, guide their development, and invest in their long-term success. We hire optimistic, results-oriented, curious, innovative, and adaptable people with the desire to help our clients and one another succeed. As a company, we were established by Chuck over 40 years ago to champion Main Street over Wall Street, and to help Americans transform themselves from earners to owners. Through advocacy and innovation, we work to make investing more affordable, accessible and understandable for all. As we enter our fifth decade, we are looking for talented, innovative and driven people who believe they can help themselves, and our clients, create a better future. Our Opportunity: The Security Operations Center (SOC) team provides and assists in the monitoring, analysis and support of network architectures, including LANs/WANs, Voice and Security. Assists senior level engineers in the areas of traffic analysis, problem solving, root cause analysis and infrastructure planning. Helps locate necessary tools and processes to identify troublesome trends as they develop. The network operations team is also responsible for monitoring, detection and mitigation for distributed denial of services partnering with Schwab DDoS mitigation service provider. Participates in various IT projects intended to continually improve/upgrade the telecommunications infrastructure. What you’ll do: Monitor and control infrastructure performance in the areas of response, throughput, and availability related to distributed denial of service field Maintain Schwab Perimeter Playbook up to date with new DDoS trends/vectors, tools, monitoring and alerting and procedures as they relate to DDoS Work with Network Operations Center, ITO, network and security engineering, incident and problem management teams to address DDoS incidents in a timely manner Perform and preform dry run tests with Network Operations Center and ITO personnel Assist in reporting daily/monthly/yearly activities Collaborate with Network Ops, Network Engineering, SOC and DCO ITO on DDoS related projects Participate and coordinate changes/stress tests related to DDoS Ensure that all incidents are recorded and tracked to meet audit and legal requirements What you have: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or two to four years of relevant work experience 4+ years of related experience in network planning, design and implementation of mid-sized network environments including Internet, LAN, WAN and security technologies such as proxies, firewalls, intrusion/detection systems 4+ year’s industry experience in a large, mission-critical environment Excellent communication skills both written and verbal Ability to coordinate, work with and gain the trust of business stakeholders, technical resources, and third-party vendors Knowledge of network and web based related protocols (e.g. TCP/IP, UDP, IPSEC, HTTP, HTTPS) Knowledge of routing protocols (e.g. BGP, OSPF, EIGRP) Knowledge with common IP/application attacks such as SYN, UDP, NTP and ICMP floods, HTTP GET and POST Fluent in at least one scripting language, such as Perl, Python or Shell. Juniper and/or Cisco Certifications are a plus (CCNA, CCNP, JNCIA, JNCIP) Project coordination and project management skills are a plus What you’ll get: Comprehensive Compensation and Benefits package Financial Health: 401k Match, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Employee Discounts, Personalized advice, Brokerage discounts Work/Life Balance: Sabbatical, Paid Parental Leave, New Mothers returning to work Program, Tuition Reimbursement Programs, Time off to volunteer, Employee Matching Gifts Program Everyday Wellness: Health and Lifestyle Wellness Rewards, Onsite Fitness Classes, Healthy Food Choices, Wellness Champions Inclusion: Employee Resource Groups, Commitment to diversity, Strategic partnerships Not just a job, but a career, with an opportunity to do the best work of your life Learn more about Life@Schwab. Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversifying its workforce. It is Schwab's policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, legally protected medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, military status, citizenship status or any other status that is protected by law. Schwab also does not discriminate against applicants or employees because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. At Schwab, we believe that every employee, through their diverse abilities and experiences, can contribute to our growth, innovation and client loyalty. We embrace diversity and are committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees and applicants. If you have a disability, and require reasonable accommodations in the application process, call Human Resources at 800-725-3535. We will be happy to assist you. Schwab will only share your accommodation request with those individuals who have a specific need to know. The request for an accommodation will not affect Schwab's hiring decisions. All other submissions should be performed online. Job Specifications Relocation Offered?: No Work Schedule: Days Languages: English - spoken Current Licenses / Certifications: None Relevant Work Experience: IT-Other Specialty Engineering-2-5 yrs Position Located In: AZ - Phoenix Education: BA/BS Job Type: Full Time Category:Information Technology Activation Date: Tuesday, March 6, 2018 Expiration Date: Saturday, September 1, 2018 Apply Here