DLSS Head Qualification: Science / Engineering/Business graduate Responsibility: Thought Leadership / New Solution Development / Delivery Excellence: Create case studies/whitepapers on business process reengineering recommendations. Keep abreast of industry trends in the identified subsegment through secondary research. Participate in industry conferences. Interact and engage with customers around new innovative ideas, concepts, assets. as well as industry trends and implications. Identify opportunities for nonlinear growth owing to changing industry landscape and customer requirements based on domain expertise. Provide inputs for new capability acquisition/ partner identification and assessment. Drive sustained effort in building domain point of view (business & technology) through primary and secondary research activities. Actively engage with customers through the course of research to understand emerging business challenges and needs. Identify best practices which can be set for Cognizant at an enterprise level. Collaborate with CBC and other alliances to bring best practices on various domains and processes. Participate, direct and guide through leadership and delivery by SGOs/strategic corp initiative groups (eg Code Halo, SMAC, Medicare & Medicaid). Consulting (for clients): Understand the customer objectives and guide them by recommending vendors, business solutions, standards to be followed across multiple vendors etc. Build relationships and credibility with customers and participate in the customers business councils. Understand the various business requirements for the customer and define the strategy the customer for migration / transformation. Create a roadmap for enterprise architecture for business consulting engagements with client SMEs. Guide /advise the customer around how to define scope, and lay out a phase wise roadmap. Map customer expectations during vision definition and align the same to the definition of deliverables. Help the customer understand issues/flaws related to their internal processes / aspects related to the project and find / implement solutions to address the same. Conceptualize opportunities where customer can enter to be competitive based on industry expertise. Identify the appropriate quality model/standard/measure to be adopted in the project in conjunction with the customer requirements. Influence the customer to adopt a particular quality standard to facilitate high quality delivery and definition/creation of quality procedures/templates. Compare various tools and recommend the best fit for the engagements. Project Delivery: Requirements Articulation: Review the initial solutions/ planning for large / complex programs. Conduct initial business solution design If required, present the same to the customer to seek buyin. Conceptualize the Pilot / PoC. Review outcomes of pilots. Interact with business customers to ensure alignment of pilot outcomes with market and customer needs. Requirements review: Identify and define the assumptions and risks associated with any large scope project either consulting or delivery. Monitor the key parameters that are critical to the program or customer relationship. Participate in PMR / governance meetings to conduct review of complex large programs / critical projects along with the vertical head to ensure that the risks and mitigation steps are identified and implemented. (single large engagements). Capability Building: Conduct training programs for team on best practices in domain. Interact with verticals to identify emerging industry trends and customer needs. Based on emerging technologies / customer requests / industry trends identify areas where capabilities would need to be built. Guide the Domain Architects / Analysts to create certifications/training programs on domain, processes and functionality. Drive and review knowledge management and sharing processes as well as knowledge repositories, and implement KM mechanisms. Drive development of collateral (single service catalogues etc) related to domain for enablement of vertical delivery teams as well as sales teams. Business Development & Customer Relationship Management: Collaborate and support the account team by tracking the pipeline opportunities and generating new leads wherever possible. Track new developed solutions and identify ways to package and sell them to current customers. Identify opportunities to mine/ generate additional business from existing base. Cross sell multiple solutions to the same customer base to increase penetration. Conduct portfolio analysis. Diagnose and analyze low satisfaction levels and find/ implement solutions to address the same. People Management: Provide guidance and mentorship to team. Identify training needs and establish training plans for the team. Set clear and objective goals for team. Conduct appraisals for team. Review knowledge management structures for uniformity and relevance. Resolve people / staffing issues. Drive process compliance and track relevant metrics for teams (applicable to all supervisors). Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Service Now PL1 Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Chicago, Illinois, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 24 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.