Have you ever wanted to work in the world of modern Data Warehousing & Analytics? Are you passionate about being part of a start-up business in the fastest growing areas of the cloud? Are you an inspirational leader who enjoys recruiting and developing top talent? If you answered “yes” to these questions, you could be part of an amazing journey in helping build a fast growing business in this new area. The Azure Data & AI marketing team is seeking a talented product marketing team lead to drive our go to market strategy that will fuel the division’s growth and position Microsoft as the industry leader. Responsibilities This is an exciting, challenging and highly visible role where your success will have a direct impact on Microsoft’s success in this space. You will collaborate with engineering, sales and partner channels to win customers and establish market leadership. Qualifications Qualifications 7+ years of product marketing experience of successfully leading initiatives at global scale Consistent track record in scaling technologies in market is a plus Background in AI, Big Data, advanced analytics and machine learning preferred, but not required A bachelor’s degree in computer science and MBA preferred, but not required Embody Microsoft’s leadership principles of creating clarity, energy, and delivering success A strong sense of ownership and accountability Creative storyteller and strategic thinker Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.