Business Analyst Financial Planning (Corporate FPA) Our Client, a global Fortune 500 Company headquartered in Los Angeles is seeing a dynamic and driven self starter as Business Analyst to join their Corporate Finance Business Analytics team tohelp continue driving the toolset to the next level. As a member of the Business Analytics team inside our Corporate Finance group you will be at the nexus of an organization that provides management reporting and analysis across the global enterprise. As part of the management of company-wide Business Intelligence Forecasting systems, you will hold a key role in ensuring data integrity of current systems to instill user confidence and will drive user adoption across the enterprise through enhanced user support and training. With a keen interest in systems, data, and financial modeling, the knowledge you develop in Company's systems will make you critical in supporting both global finance team and broader organization with ad hoc analysis and reporting. Scope of Responsibilities: Assist with the development of Planning and Reporting Applications that support the companys planning, forecasting and monthly reporting processes Administer various components of the Financial Planning Applications including security assignment and dimensional maintenance. Manage enterprise wide hierarchies and organizational structures to support the planning and reporting tool sets. Work directly with finance and operations staff in defining needs and documenting requirements Provide End User Support to the companys global FPA community and resolve any ad hoc queries as they arise. Build out training documentation and provide assistance to users in various data analysis techniques. Utilize modeling techniques to effectively present data flow to users and help reconcile gaps in various systems. Qualifications and Requirements: Bachelor'sDegree in Business Related and/or Computer Science related subjects with an interest in Financial Modeling Knowledge of relational and dimensional data structures Strong analytical capabilities coupled with a client service mentality Experience in Planning and/or reporting tools such as Cognos, Tableau, BPC, TM1, Essbase, etc. Modeling experience including but not limited to building models utilizing advanced excel functions, VBA and macros. Strong interest in advancing skills to be a technical and financial hybrid expert. Ability to document data requirements Excellent presentation skills and the ability to communicate complex information clearly Our client is an Equal Opportunity Employer. They offer world class benefits and environmentthat promotes growth.