Systems Developer Description About Us: Mercedes-Benz Financial Services is a leading captive automotive financial services provider within Daimler Financial Services, which operates in 40 countries as the global financial services arm of Daimler AG. In the U.S., the corporate headquarters for the Americas Region, we operate under the brands of Mercedes-Benz Financial Services and Daimler Truck Financial. In the Americas Region we also have business operations in Canada, Mexico, Argentina and Brazil. To achieve our goal of being the first-choice provider of vehicle financial products and services that support our brands, dealers and customers, we are looking for talented, diverse and inspired people with the skills, experience and innovative spirit to provide a first-class experience at every turn. We are committed to providing a great workplace environment that fosters a culture of openness, support and camaraderie. Our employee programs and benefits are reflective of our values and are designed to promote growth, balance and wellness in many aspects of your career and life. To see other programs and benefits we offer, visit our website at www.mbfscareers.com Job Overview: This position requires a proactive mindset, technical background, and business analysis skills to develop/support application(s) within the Business to Consumer (B2C) and Business to Dealer (B2D) domains. Hands-on experience with designing, developing and building medium to large-scale enterprise systems. Flexibility and ability to adapt to a variety of responsibilities and settings are crucial to succeed in this position. This position requires supporting processes and documentation relevant to maintenance of the domain applications. Define guidelines and recommendations based on leading industry practices tailored to our application development needs. Aptitude and drive are essential for this role. IT experience in analysis, design, development, deploy and integrating solutions for internet-based systems and websites with UI experience. Responsibilities: The Business to Consumer and Dealer domain's primary focus is to provide an integrated environment to our external customers and an experience by providing the latest products and/or optimized services via our web portals. This profile will leverage all available skills to enhance and strengthen our application development capabilities and create applications that are robust, scalable and secure. (30%) As a systems and application developer, understand the functional aspects, business processes, interfaces, screens, mock-ups, business flow and data of dependent systems. Strong understanding of how to structure code, patterns, development design, data structures, and development. (25%) Develop and Implement System Changes; Work with business partners to develop system requirements; Develop program changes; Develop use and associated test cases; Execute test plans; Implement system changes. (15%) Plan/Communicate: Assist as necessary in developing project plans and schedules; Track progress to plans; Communicate status, issues and risks to stakeholders on a timely basis. Develop strong and productive relationships with business partners, colleagues and management. (15%) Comply with departmental standards: Ensure that all tasks are performed in accordance with ITM standards; Perform Production Support; Promptly address customer issues/tickets; Address system issues by performing root cause analysis and eliminating repeat problems. (15%) Qualifications This position requires a minimum of 1+ years of overall work experience. Preferred experience includes: Business- 1+ years experience Customer Service-1+ years experience Information Technology-1+ years experience Instructional Design/Technology-1+ years experience Risk Management- 1+ years experience Addition al Knowledge: 1-3 years technical experience in system analysis, design, development, implement and integrating solutions for internet- based applications and websites with UI and supporting backend services. Strong skills and experience in building frameworks for web-based applications. Understand core functional aspects, business processes, interfaces, screens, mock-ups, business flow and data of dependent systems. Strong understanding of structuring code, patterns, development, design, data structures, and code deployment. Experience on responsive single page applications / web interfaces design and development. Strong experience in analytical, problem solving, troubleshooting, performance tuning and conducting root cause analysis. Good understanding and knowledge about web protocols and security aspects including cybersecurity. Experience and knowledge about Agile, Scrum and Kanban concepts - Knowledge of other web technologies and UI/UX standards (preferred). Experience in JSON, XML, HTTPs and relevant protocols, AJAX, JavaScript, HTML5 and relevant tools/frameworks, Solid experience in JSON, XML, HTTPs and relevant protocols, AJAX, JavaScript, HTML5 and relevant tools/frameworks, Java (required) and UDB DB2 database technologies. Familiarity with Restful APIs. Knowledge of cloud environment is desirable. High School Diploma is required. Bachelors degree is preferred. Recommended majors include: Information Technology Computer/Information Science Business Administration Skills: Analytical skills: Ability to Collect data and establish facts and identify trends and variances IT Skills:Testing; Programming; Application development; e-Technologies/Web; Database; Middleware PC skills: Microsoft Office Project Management Skills: Team Member Additional Skills: Strong communication skills that can adapt to any audience (Required). Ability to communicate and clarify actions, objectives and goals. Rely on extensive experience and sound judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Client interaction skills; Ability to work with business partners to develop system requirements, develop program changes and implement system changes. Familiarity with continuous integration and continuous delivery. Simultaneously performs a variety of complex tasks. Exceptional analytical aptitude and attention to detail as well as good organization and problem solving skills. Successful team worker with ability to work individually. Must be passionate about technology, quick learner, excited about learning and embracing new technologies as needed. Applicants must be legally authorized to work in the U.S. at the time of application. Relocation assistance will not be provided for this position. If you were not re-directed successfully after clicking the “Apply for this job” button, please click the following link to search and apply for the role on the local career portal: https://daimler.taleo.net/careersection/ex/jobsearch.ftl Mercedes-Benz Financial Services offers competitive salary commensurate with experience and a full suite of benefits including 401(K) with match, generous vacation and personal time, performance-based bonuses, a Mercedes-Benz car program and more. EEO/Minorities/Females/Disabled/Vets LI-JM2 Organization : Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA LLC Primary Location : United States of America-Michigan-Farmington Hills Work Locations : 36455 Corporate Drive 36455 Corporate Drive Farmington Hills 48331