About Us Right now, even though STEM skills are increasingly important, over 60% of students in Kindergarten through 8th grade are not proficient in math at their own grade-level. As a society, we need to bring together our best, most creative minds to tackle this critical problem and ensure all kids are successful in math and school and have the tools they need to reach their potential. This includes developing the most innovative learning technology using advanced data science in a way that inspires students and empowers teachers. Come help us make a difference at DreamBox Learning We’re passionate about our mission to radically transform the way the world learns. Today, our Intelligent Adaptive Learning platform – with its rigorous math curriculum and game-based environment – is helping 2 million kids and over 80,000 teachers improve math achievement and build a love of math at the same time. And as a rapidly growing tech company, we are just getting started. Position purpose Our full-time teachers at DreamBox are called Curriculum Designers, and every day their work directly impacts millions of students and over one-hundred thousand teachers at schools across North America. DreamBox Curriculum Designers (Teachers) empower students to deeply understand mathematics with confidence while also helping teachers monitor student progress and support differentiation. DreamBox has always been designed by experienced classroom teachers who work side-by-side with talented programmers, game designers, and artists to create transformative digital lessons so that students can understand concepts in ways that aren’t possible without a digital environment. Responsibilities/Duties/Functions/Tasks From initial brainstorming through refinements and improvements, design engaging, pedagogically sound student-driven lessons and experiences using innovative manipulatives, games, scaffolding, and learning pathways Ensure data visualizations, suggested actions for teachers, and teacher-led mini-lessons for students accurately reflect students’ needs and progress Align and map state/regional standards and print resources in order to help teachers easily find concepts in the DreamBox curriculum and enable differentiation for students. Deliver quality webinars and presentations, craft blog posts and whitepapers, and other ways to support clients, sales, and marketing events. Create lessons, curriculum, that align with DreamBox learning design principles and demonstrably improve student understanding, achievement, engagement, and confidence in math Develop Curriculum mappings, alignments, representations of student progress and proficiency for parent and educator dashboards, and teacher recommended actions that create more effective teachers and improve student achievement. Provide competent, expert learning insights for Product Management, Marketing, Sales, Client Success, and Professional Development Qualifications Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Education Minimum of 5 years of full-time, successful math teaching experience in a K-12 classroom Strong presentation and facilitation skills Some experience with digital learning design preferred Experience using educational technology according to effective and research-based principles of learning National Board Certification preferred Special Position Requirements This position requires occasional travel to industry events and for sales or marketing support All prospective employees must pass a background check Ability to sit for long periods of time using a computer; usual office working conditions. Light lifting as required for receiving/storing office and kitchen supplies