Onica is one of the fastest-growing Amazon Web Services (AWS) Premier Consulting and Audited Managed Service Partners in the world! We help companies scale, operate, and innovate their business in the cloud. From developing complex migration strategies to operational excellence and immersive transformation, Onica is a full spectrum AWS integrator. Do you hand out copies of The Phoenix Project on street corners? Do single points of failure give you panic attacks? Do the words, “immutable infrastructure” make you tingle? At Onica you will be part of a team designing, automating, and deploying services on behalf of our customers to AWS in a way that allows these services to automatically heal themselves if things go south. We have deep experience applying DevOps techniques in virtually every industry. Every week is different and the problems you will be challenged to solve are constantly evolving. We know and understand DevOps. We build solutions using infrastructure-as-code so our customers can refine and reuse these processes again and again - all without having to come back to us for additional deployments. What you’ll be doing: Linux/Windows administration, automated deployments, scripting (Bash/PowerShell/Python) Working with customers engineering teams on a wide variety of projects Writing infrastructure as code (CloudFormation, Terraform) Qualifications and responsibilities: Proficient in networking and network security Solid understanding of the overall AWS infrastructure (EC2, RDS, S3, VPC, CloudFormation etc.) Service architecture and containerization, such as Docker, Kubernetes Continuous Integration/Deployment: Git, TFS, Jenkins etc. Knowledgeable of configuration management frameworks such as Puppet, Chef or Ansible You are comfortable interacting with customers and have the ability to communicate as well as educate Nice to have: Experience with data at scale, MySQL, MSSQL, Postgres, DynamoDB, Mongo, ElasticSearch Some experience with any of the following C, Node.js, Python, Ruby, Go AWS Certifications Knowledgeable about HIPAA, PCI and other security frameworks and standards Technology changes quickly and adapting to new environments is paramount to success. Therefore, being a master of a specific technology is less important than a willingness and passion to learn. Some prior AWS experience is required for this role. What’s in It for You? Tremendous room for growth, leadership opportunity, & professional development Receive a $5k annual training budget to be used for professional development and training Unlimited paid vacation, paid medical benefits, 401k options, and more! Full-time position with remote work option