Job Description Your responsibilities will include but not be limited to: Provide expertise on database management/design to drive integration of business data, functions, and systems. Establish standards, guidelines, procedures, and other infrastructure necessary to support the objective of integration of data. Resolve performance problems. Plans and schedules daily tasks, uses judgment on a variety of problems requiring deviation from standard practices. Inadequacies and erroneous decisions would cause moderate inconvenience and expense. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications : BA/BS degree with 4+ years practical work experience. This U.S. position is open to U.S. Workers Only. A U.S. Worker is someone who is either a U.S. Citizen, U.S. National, U.S. Lawful Permanent Resident, or a person granted Refugee or Asylum status by the U.S. Government. Intel will not sponsor a foreign national for this position. Preferred Qualifications : Ideal candidate should have working experience in the following areas: Designing Data Models (Conceptual, Logical, Canonical and Physical). ERWIN Data Modeling Tool. Handling multiple projects at the same time without other’s assistance. Advanced Dimensional modeling concepts, RDBMS concepts and Database concepts. Designing large scale normalized operational database model. Large scale enterprise data warehousing & business intelligence projects. Handling and analyzing dataset in different format like Excel, XML , JSON etc. Proven analytical skills and have a strong knack of Data Driven analysis. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Technical leadership to development team and act as a bridge between Business and Application Development team. Periodic walk through of data model with the application team and business analysts through good presentation skill. Should be familiar with Data Warehouse Design processes, ETL Design techniques and BI reporting capabilities. Need to have strong knack of Data mining, Data cleaning, pruning and munging. Inside this Business Group Intel's Information Technology Group (IT) designs, deploys and supports the information technology architecture and hardware/software applications for Intel. This includes the LAN, WAN, telephony, data centers, client PCs, backup and restore, and enterprise applications. IT is also responsible for e-Commerce development, data hosting and delivery of Web content and services. Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.