JOB SUMMARY: Puget Sound Energy’s Enterprise Data Governance department is looking for a Technology Engagement Specialist - Data Governance to join our team. To better serve our customers, we’re creating a culture of trusted data that drives confidence decisions and outcomes for our customers and employees through Enterprise Data Governance department. As a Data Technology Engagement Specialist – Data Governance reporting to the Enterprise Data Governance department, you will execute on our roadmap to implement our enterprise data governance framework, stewardship and quality for various data domains in PSE. PSE is currently going through a business transformation as part of the multi- year roadmap to move away from a reactive to proactive data governance across the enterprise in managing data quality, privacy, security, and usage. The Enterprise Data Governance department is responsible for establishing, and managing the controls, processes, and procedures through the Enterprise Data Governance Office Council and Working Group at PSE. JOB REQUIREMENT: JOB RESPONSIBILTY: This is an exciting opportunity to use your data governance and data management expertise to influence and implement the data governance at PSE. You will work across the enterprise to drive improvements to data governance, quality, reliability and the implementation and ongoing monitoring of data governance metrics. Work closely with the Data Governance Manager, Information Technology teams and other projects in a multi-year effort to mature our data governance discipline across different domains through incremental improvement and management of the on-going data governance program. Development and coordination of technology strategy to enable preventative and detective Data Governance controls. Responsible for the design, documentation and ongoing maintenance of controls, processes, procedures including training related to data governance, data management and stewardship. Assist in the definition and development of data governance measurements and track, monitor, and publish data governance scorecards. Provide leadership, education and communication to others on the enterprise data governance, stewardship and data management activities. At the discretion of the hiring team, this position may be filled at a different level depending on the qualifications of the selected candidate. Families and businesses depend on PSE to provide the energy they need to pursue their dreams. Our steadfast commitment to serving Washington communities with safe, dependable and efficient energy started in 1886. Today we’re building the Northwest’s energy future through efforts like our award winning energy efficiency programs and our leadership in renewable energy. At PSE we value and respect our employees and provide them opportunities to excel. We offer an expansive pay package that includes competitive compensation, annual goals-based incentive bonuses, comprehensive cafeteria- style benefits, 401(K), a company paid retirement pension plan, and an employee assistance and wellness program. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Industrial Engineering, Business Administration or equivalent hands-on experience. At least nine years Business or IT experience, including several years of business process transformation and/or systems development experience in the design and development of department-wide or enterprise-wide applications specializing data governance and/or data management. Experience with at least four full life cycle implementations of a new application or purchased application focusing on data governance and/or data management capabilities. Knowledge of systems and/or business analysis design concepts. Demonstrated proficiency in the applied use of systems and process analysis tools. Full system life cycle experience, including development lifecycle methodologies. Ability to facilitate interactive design and functional specification sessions to develop the data governance solutions for managing data across different domains (employee, customer, etc.). Strong analytical problem-solving and conceptual skills. Demonstrated project management or leadership skills in medium to large-sized projects. Ability to work with all levels of the organization, both technical and non-technical. Highly skilled in writing, troubleshooting and optimizing SQL queries. Working knowledge in relational databases (Oracle, SQL Server, etc). Expert in using Enterprise Information Management tools such as SAP Business Objects Data Services. Working knowledge of Data Warehousing, Master Data Governance, Meta Data Management and Data Quality tools. Highly experienced in the design and production of quality deliverables. Ability to extract, analyze and process large amounts of data obtained from multiple systems. Familiarity with Scrum/Agile methodologies. DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: Experience with and ability to easily navigate through either SQL Server or Oracle DBMS. Experience with and ability to easily navigate through either IBM AIX or Microsoft Windows Server Prior experience in operations and technology projects. Experience working with HP Quality Center for testing management and monitoring. Experience using BI Tools including Tableau, PowerBI, MicroStrategy, etc. Experience with SAS, R, Python or other similar programming languages. Experience with Master Data Management and Metadata Management tools such as Talend, Alteryx, Apache Atlas, and Alation. Experience in any enterprise data quality tool suites (such as Informatica Data Quality, Oracle Enterprise Data Quality, SAP BusinessObjects Data Quality Management, IBM InfoSphere Master Data Management, Dataflux Data Management Studio). Familiarity with tools used for Extraction Transformation Load (ETL) tools and familiarity with the data transformations used in the ETL process. Ability to address essential regulatory requirements such as SOX in conjunction with Data Management and/or Data Quality. Solid working experience with surrounding and supporting disciplines (such as Business Intelligence, Data Warehouse, and Data Lake). Industry certifications such as DAMA’s Certified Data Management Professional® (CDMP®) and Data Governance and Stewardship Professional (DGSP) or other equivalent certification. Working knowledge of SAP applications (e.g., ECC, CRM, BW, BOBJ-BODS, BOBJ-BI, etc.,), Archer eGRC (Enterprise Governance Risk and Compliance), Data Modeling tools (such as SAP PowerDesigner, Erwin), Big Data Platform and other utility industry applications such OMS, GIS, etc.,