GENERAL SUMMARY The IT Analyst – for IT Performance Reporting Analyst is responsible to work with IT Leaders through optimized reporting, advanced analytics, and data-mining and expected to translate IT needs into analytics/reporting requirements, perform advanced analysis, and translate metrics into actionable opportunities and recommendations that lead to continuous improvement of IT Service performance. ESSENTIAL DUTIES o Responsible for the developing IT Service Level statistics through data mining from various IT tools including but not limited to (Remedy, Servicenow, Sharepoint, PWA). o Analyze metrics for accuracy and data integrity between reporting systems. Design/Generate tracking systems and/or monitoring tools to validate data o Analyze statistics to identify trends, and actionable opportunities and recommendations for continuous improvements. o Assembles statistics into dashboards, visualizations, and power point presentations for IT Leadership and Business Reviews. o Produce metrics and numbers into standardize reports, and communicate those understanding with confidence. Review report findings, both verbally and in writing, to management and Leadership teams. o Collaborate with IT Leadership and Customer Relationship Managers to determine appropriate metrics to drive operational processes, as well as meet high-level business reporting needs STANDARD QUALIFICATIONS: o Bachelor's degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics or related field or equivalent business/analytics experience required o Advanced communication skills with demonstrated ability to communicate clearly with charts, graphs, text, and presentations o Strong analytical skills with ability to provide internal and/or external data analysis, consultation, and decision support o Ability to recognize and solve data problems and inconsistencies o Ability to prepare, analyze, and select methods of presenting various data o Technically savvy; Proficiency with MS Office, including expert in MS Excel & MS Access, Servicenow, Share point, QLIK, PWA and/or other reporting/analytics software is required o Self-starter with demonstrated ability to work independently and in a team environment o Demonstrated strong aptitude in analysis, root causes identification, and problem solving. o Able to analyze data, draw reasonable conclusions, and formulate next steps. o Experienced in setting priorities and meeting deadlines in a fast-paced environment o Ability to thrive in ambiguous situations o Ability to multitask and work independently with precise detail and follow- up reporting. o Ability to adapt to a flexible schedule. o Ability to maintain the highest level of confidentiality