Overview We have proudly served the North Texas community since 1961, growing steadily from modest beginnings to becoming one of this area’s largest independent banks. If you aspire for a career with an organization that focuses on providing excellent service; returning a fair and reasonable profit to shareholders; providing an environment in which each employee can excel in a spirit of mutual respect, accountability, creativity, and teamwork; and to at all times act with dignity, honor, and fairness; we are the employer of choice for you. The Operations Administrative Assistant provides administrative support to the Senior Operations Officer, and is responsible for document management of all Bank Operations Policy and Procedures. Responsibilities To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Essential Job Responsibilities Assist the Senior Operations Officer with day to day responsibilities, which include but is not limited to; Answer phone calls Schedule and maintain MS Office Outlook calendar Prepare reports and documentation to present to management. Collaborate with Operations Officer(s) to gain a thorough understanding of operational procedures. Write accurate and complete policy and procedure documents, manuals and workflow diagrams. Follow style standards for all written policy and procedure documents, manuals, workflow diagrams and revise as necessary. Ensure writing style of documentation is simple, clear, concise, grammatically correct, and written for the intended audience. On an ongoing basis independently review all current written procedures in order to determine if there is any need for updates to the process, reporting, or training. Maintain manual source material in a consistent and organized manner with revision control. Maintain historical records and files of work and revisions in a policy and procedures. Supervisory Responsibilities This job has no supervisory responsibilities. Job Competencies Understand and live the Mission Statement and Core Values. Adhere to Bank Policies and Procedures. Verbal Communication – Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive and negative situations; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions; demonstrates group presentation skills; participates in meetings. Written Communication – Writes clearly and informatively; edits work for spelling and grammar; varies writing style to meet needs; able to read and interpret written information; presents numerical data effectively. Teamwork – Balances team and individual responsibilities; exhibits objectivity and openness to others’ views; gives and welcomes feedback; contributes to building a positive team spirit; puts success of team above own interests; able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives; supports everyone’s effort to succeed. Diversity – Shows respect and sensitivity to cultural differences; promotes a harassment-free environment; educates others on the value of diversity; builds a diverse workforce; supports diversity and inclusion efforts of the Bank. Business Acumen – Understands business implications of decisions; displays orientation to profitability; upholds organizational values; demonstrates knowledge of market and competition; aligns work with strategic goals. Safety and Security – Observes safety and security procedures; determines appropriate action beyond guidelines; reports potentially unsafe conditions; uses equipment and materials properly. Adaptability - Adapts to changes in the work environment; manages competing demands; changes approach or method to best fit the situation; able to deal with frequent change, delays or unexpected events. Professionalism - Approaches others in a tactful manner; reacts well under pressure; treats others with respect and consideration regardless of their status or position; accepts responsibility for own actions; follows through on commitments. Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time; ensures work responsibilities are covered when absent; arrives at meetings and appointments on time; takes responsibility to record and report absences on time. Customer Service – Responds promptly to external and internal customer needs; responds to requests for service and assistance; meets commitments in a timely manner. Technical Skills – Assesses own strengths and weaknesses; pursues training and development opportunities; strives to continuously build knowledge and skills; shares expertise with others. Problem Solving – Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; gathers and analyzes information skillfully; develops alternative solutions; works well in group problem solving situations; uses reason even when dealing with emotional topics. Interpersonal Skills – Focuses on solving conflict, not blaming; maintains confidentiality; listens to others without interrupting; keeps emotions under control; remains open to others’ ideas and tries new things. Quality Management – Looks for ways to improve and promote quality; demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness. Cost Consciousness – Works within approved budget; develops and implements cost-saving measures; contributes to profits and revenues; conserves organizational resources. Ethics – Treats people with respect; keeps commitments; inspires the trust of others; works with integrity and ethically; upholds organizational values. Organizational Support - Follows policies and procedures; completes administrative tasks correctly and on time; supports organization's goals and values; benefits organization through outside activities; supports affirmative action and respects diversity. Judgment - Displays willingness to make decisions; exhibits sound and accurate judgment; supports and explains reasoning for decisions; includes appropriate people in decision-making process; makes timely decisions. Motivation - Sets and achieves challenging goals; demonstrates persistence and overcomes obstacles; measures self against standard of excellence; takes calculated risks to accomplish goals. Planning/Organizing - Prioritizes and plans work activities; uses time efficiently; plans for additional resources; sets goals and objectives; organizes or schedules other people and their tasks; develops realistic action plans. Quality – Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness; looks for ways to improve and promote quality; applies feedback to improve performance; monitors own work to ensure quality. Quantity - Meets productivity standards; completes work in timely manner; strives to increase productivity; works quickly. Dependability - Follows instructions, responds to management direction; takes responsibility for own actions; keeps commitments; commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals; completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with an alternate plan. Initiative - Volunteers readily; undertakes self-development activities; seeks increased responsibilities; looks for and takes advantage of opportunities; asks for and offers help when needed. Innovation – Displays original thinking and creativity; meets challenges with resourcefulness; generates suggestions for improving work; develops innovative approaches and ideas. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree from four year college or university; and/or a minimum of two to four years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Prefer candidates with a degree in Business, Communications or English. Must have strong technical writing skills. Must be able to communicate with all levels of management. Language Skills – Ability to read, analyze and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before group of customers or employees of organization. Mathematical Skills – Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals. Ability to compute hourly/monthly salary information and overtime calculations. Reasoning Ability – Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardization situations. Computer Skills – Microsoft Office Suite products, including Outlook, Word and Excel. Must be highly proficient in MS Word.