Job Code 384258 App Progrmng/Anal/Devel Sr Duties & Responsibilities Harvard University Information Technology (HUIT) is a community of Information Technology professionals committed to understanding our users and devoted to making it easier for faculty, students, and staff to teach, research, learn, and work through the effective use of information technology. We are recruiting an IT workforce that has both breadth in their ability to collaborate and innovate across disciplines – and depth in specific areas of expertise. HUIT offers opportunities for IT professionals to learn and work in a unique technology landscape and service-focused environment. If you are a technically proficient, nimble, user-focused and accountable IT professional who also connects with the importance of collaborating well in a team environment we are looking for you! The Business Intelligence Developer is an entry to mid-level position in the Enterprise Student Systems group, with day-to-day responsibility for testing and maintaining the data integrity of the Data Warehouse & Operational Data Store. The Developer will work with ETL implemented with Oracle Data Integrator (ODI), reports and dashboards created in Oracle Business Intelligence (OBIEE), and APIs created in Mulesoft, and create test plans that include complex SQL to validate the data. Once proficient in these areas, the Developer will be paired with Senior Engineers on projects to learn to write ETL, modify the OBIEE RPD, build OBIEE dashboards, and write SQL for views and reporting in the Operational Data Store. Duties and Responsibilities: Develop and execute quality assurance tests for ETL, OBIEE RPD, and OBIEE reports. Provide tier 1 support for reporting suite, including, but not limited to: troubleshooting and resolving production issues, documenting solutions, communicating with affected users, providing technical support during project/release go-lives. Work with Senior Engineers to develop and enhance SQL views in Operational Data Store and produce data snapshots for Institutional Reporting (IR). Take the lead in maintaining the quality of data dictionary by adding, modifying, and deleting data. Develop expertise needed in OBIEE 12c to assist users by providing recommendations and solutions for developing operational, analytic, and ad hoc reporting Work with Senior Engineers to design and implement ETL and RPD for OBIEE. Assist with general administration, special projects, and perform other related job duties as needed. Basic Qualifications BS/BA in related field (e.g., computer science, engineering, information systems, math) or equivalent experience. Current technical experience to include: 2+ years experience with relational databases 2+ years experience writing complex SQL Additional Qualifications Direct experience with reporting tools (specifically OBIEE 11g and/or 12c) and techniques strongly desired. Experience developing and executing test plans. Strong understanding of Student Lifecycle a plus. Experience with Oracle Data Integrator and OBIEE presentation layer a plus. Solid understanding and demonstrated use of iterative development (preferably Agile) desired. Must have strong interpersonal and written/verbal communication skills. Ability to work closely with product managers, business analysts, and other technical team members and our partners to clarify project scope and requirements, including providing and evaluating alternative options where appropriate. Must be self-motivated, flexible and able to work independently or in a team environment. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Ability to prioritize, take initiative and work well under pressure Demonstrated ability to work in a fast-paced environment, learn quickly and independently, and an eagerness to do so Demonstrated organizational skills, especially with the ability to manage and track a large number of details and facts and understand how each detail fit into the "big picture". Occasional off-hours work, including weekends, is required for certain releases and/or emergencies. Additional Information Please note: Harvard University requires pre-employment reference and background screening. Harvard University Information Technology is unable to provide work authorization and/or visa sponsorship. This position has a 180-day orientation and review period. Harvard offers an outstanding benefits package including: Time Off: 3 - 4 weeks paid vacation, paid holiday break, 12 paid sick days, 11.5 paid holidays, and 3 paid personal days per year. Medical/Dental/Vision: We offer a variety of excellent medical plans, dental & vision plans, all coverage begins as of your start date. Retirement: University-funded retirement plan with full vesting after 3 years of service. Tuition Assistance Program : Competitive tuition assistance program, $40 per class at the Harvard Extension School and discounted options through participating Harvard grad schools. Transportation : Harvard offers a 50% discounted MBTA pass as well as additional options to assist employees in their daily commute. Wellness options: Harvard offers programs and classes at little or no cost, including stress management, massages, nutrition, meditation and complimentary health services. Harvard access to athletic facilities, libraries, campus events and many discounts throughout metro Boston. Join Harvard University Information Technology (HUIT) to assure Harvard’s leadership in IT! More about HUIT: Harvard University Information Technology (HUIT) is responsible for the strategy, planning, and delivery of information technology across the University. Mission: To assure Harvard’s leadership in IT: We strive to make it easier for faculty, students, and staff to teach, research, learn, and work through the effective use of information technology. Values: User-focused Collaborative Innovative Open Job Function Information Technology Sub-Unit \- Location USA - MA - Cambridge Department Enterprise Student Systems Time Status Full-time Union 00 - Non Union, Exempt or Temporary Salary Grade 058 Pre-Employment Screening Criminal, Identity EEO Statement We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.