Overview We are seeking a Director of Customer Care & Help Desk in Philadelphia to promote a productive and positive relationship with the support team, internal constituents from neighboring departments / organizations and external partners and customers. The core responsibility will be to ensure that World Class Customer Service is delivered to ERT customers and partners through the team. Will oversee the activities of both individual contributors and managers throughout multiple geographic regions. Further responsibilities include ensuring all departmental personnel within each region are operating effectively and that all teams are coordinated in their approach, as well as ensuring requirements, expectations and objectives are consistent and clear to all staff. The Director is a point of reference, guide and mentor for team managers. _ERT is a global data and technology company that minimizes uncertainty and risk in clinical trials so that customers can move ahead with confidence. With nearly 50 years of clinical and therapeutic experience, ERT balances knowledge of what works with a vision for what’s next, so we can adapt without compromising standards._ _Powered by the company’s EXPERT® technology platform, ERT’s solutions enhance trial oversight, enable site optimization, increase patient engagement and measure the efficacy of new clinical treatments while ensuring patient safety. Since 2014, more than half of all FDA drug approvals came from ERT-supported studies. Pharma companies, biotechs and CROs have relied on ERT solutions in 10,000+ studies spanning more than three million patients to date. By identifying trial risks before they become problems, ERT enables customers to bring clinical treatments to patients quickly — and with confidence._ Responsibilities ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 1\. Responsible for ensuring resources are appropriately controlled, distributed and shared throughout the multiple regions to provide 24x7x365 support in multiple languages. 2\. Enables team members to perform personnel functions (e.g. recruiting, interviewing, selecting, training, supervising, etc.) for the purpose of maintaining adequate Customer Care / Helpdesk staffing, enhancing productivity development of personnel and achieving objectives within budget. 3\. Assures that the team maintains user level expertise, business level acumen and technical familiarity for all products and services under Customer Care. 4\. Responsible for completion of the departmental budget and the monitoring of the budget. 5. Assures documentation within the department and in accordance with QA guidelines. Including SOPs, training and training records. 6\. Key member of the Project Assurance process. Ensures staff is communicating across departmental boundaries and is informed of key project information and deliverables. OTHER DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 1\. Report Customer Care performance monthly to Management and monitor problems to ensure resolution in a timely manner, ensure all customer Service Level Agreements and defined KPIs are maintained, and provide statistical reporting to include group and employee level metrics while considering legal regulations. 2\. Actively assists and leads the team to improve the speed, quality and consistency of response to enquiries. Maintain quality program to allow for measurement of staff in terms of quantity and quality. Ensure that tickets are closed in a timely manner while ensuring expected quality. 3\. Develop, lead, and motivate a team of Customer Care professionals to deliver excellent technical/non-technical support with world class customer service, satisfaction, and timeliness. 4\. Provides customers and staff with clear global standards and expectations. Ensures all customer contact reaches an appropriate conclusion with the intent of minimizing repeat contact. Qualifications QUALIFICATIONS AND SKILLS NEEDED: 1\. A Bachelor’s degree or equivalent educational experience. 2\. Strong leadership skills and 5 – 8 years of leadership experience managing multidisciplinary, high-performance teams, developing and implementing new technology and processes; experience with Key Performance Indicators (KPI) and meeting Service Level Agreements. 3\. Comprehensive and current knowledge of ERT business and products with understanding of the eResearchTechnology technical architecture components necessary to support implementation activity. 4\. Must be computer literate with Microsoft Office and Google Office products, e-mail and electronic calendar knowledge and abilities. 5\. Ability to understand and anticipate the needs of the customer and to provide solutions and recommendations that work in the real world. 6\. Minimum five years’ experience in the clinical research, medical devices or adjacent area. 7\. Thorough knowledge of Call Center / Helpdesk / Service Desk operations to include IT best practices (ITIL), industry trends and customer service; experience implementing methodologies to improve first call resolution, wait times, agent quality, manage customer perceptions, and build strong internal relationships. 8\. Proficient in the English language with outstanding interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal. 9\. The ability to work under pressure and manage critical situations, influencing without direct authority. 10\. Operationally driven and experienced in a results-driven environment. Very customer focused, self-motivated and a strong team player. 11\. Strong technical understanding of medical devices, software installations, local and wide area networking and cloud based computing. 12\. Willingness to travel world-wide to meet clients, vendors, partners or colleagues.