We’re ONE team that is driven by our vision to unleash the power of human collaboration by delivering innovative, world-class solutions to our customers. We work smart, with a collaborative state of mind that drives our strategy and helps us achieve our common goals. Polycom’s innovative spirit begins with our people. We empower your personal and professional growth and we strive to give you everything you need to achieve your highest level of excellence. With your help, we’ll accomplish great things. Job Description: Polycom is searching for a talented Business Analyst to develop dashboards, reports and will analyze to support fact-based decision-making. Will also identify trends and recommend solutions or processes to increase business effectiveness. ESSENTIAL DUTIES Develop and deliver repeatable reports, analyses, trendlines and dashboards Provide detailed analysis and commentary to identify trends Understand corporate and business initiatives and provide key data analysis to internal stakeholders Present 'state of the business' at operations reviews and team meetings Play a consultative role to managers and associates who interpret analytics by providing insights and recommendations tailored to their objectives Provide written status updates and communications about changes Develop a comprehensive understanding of our Jira, Clarity, ERP and other systems and reporting portfolio Dashboards, Analyses and commentary reveal stories and trends about the business Reports and dashboards that are intuitive and documented clearly and developed into online tools. Educate team on metrics, dashboards and reports, and understand how to use them to make decisions or take actions REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s degree or equivalent required 3+ years business experience, preferably working in data analytics and visualization, business intelligence and/or analytical consulting Reporting/analytical experience (operational/financial) for an executive-level audience Understanding of corporate systems, data models, and data assets Intermediate SQL skills to extract and aggregate datasets Experience in building dashboards Demonstrated exceptional Skills in PowerBI, Jira, HTML5, SQL Sharepoint/Onedrive, (Excel pivots, charting/presentation) Demonstrated exceptional Excel skills (formulas, lookups, pivots, charting/presentation) Gets things done - autonomous completer/finisher, manages self and manages up Problem solving – can decompose a problem into work that, if completed, solves the problem Strong written and verbal communication skills (questioning, listening, writing) Desired Technical skills Front-End Web fundamentals like HTML, JavaScript, and CSS JavaScript frameworks AJAX Dashboard Technologies: PowerBi, Qliksense, Jira Back-End API design and development CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) RESTful Services Web fundamentals like HTML, JavaScript, and CSS Server-side languages like PHP, Python, Ruby, Java, JavaScript, and .Net Database technologies like MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, and MSSQL / Azure SQL Web server technologies like Node.js, Apache, Nginx, ISS, etc. Office 365 & Azure Data Management Preferred Power BI Excel Sharepoint/Onedrive Data modelling and analysis HTML5, web design SQL NOTE: Ideal candidate will be based out of the Austin, Texas office (strongly preferred). Other locations may be considered. NOTE: This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. Employee may perform other related duties as negotiated to meet the ongoing needs of the organization. Highlights of our benefits include: Benefits effective on date of hire; competitive time off with accrual beginning immediately; 12 paid holidays including flexible holidays; 401k with company match; tuition reimbursement.Polycom embraces diversity and is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, religion, color, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally-protected basis. Polycom participates in E-Verify.