Over $20 trillion worth of goods—the items we use, wear and consume every day—flow through increasingly complex global supply chains annually. Alloy is a supply chain synchronization platform that connects manufacturers, suppliers, logistics providers, distributors, and retailers, giving businesses end-to-end visibility with fast and actionable insights. Our customers—companies the make, move, and sell products—use Alloy to get the right products to the right place at the right time with greater agility, efficiency, and effectiveness than ever before. We work with companies of all sizes in many industries, ranging from Fortune 100 enterprises to fast- growing, innovative manufacturers. We are early stage, well funded by leading VCs, and growing fast. Our small team studied at top institutions including MIT, Stanford, Waterloo, Caltech, ETH Zurich, Carnegie Mellon, and Harvard and has diverse backgrounds and experience in analytics, large-scale enterprise software, retail, and financial technology. There are many challenging problems to solve in this complex industry, and a huge opportunity for modern software to make the global supply chain operate more effectively. About The Role At Alloy, we value our customers and we believe that the success of the companies we work with, and of the individuals within them, is the most important indicator of our own performance. In this role, you will make a strong contribution towards this goal, working at the intersection of analytics, data, project management and relationship with our users. Through supporting our customers, you’ll get exposed to diverse business issues, gaining the experience in supply chain analytics to help lead client engagements. Helping build Alloy to have a deeper understanding of key metrics used by different retailers and trade partners across the supply chains, you’ll drive increased profitability for our customers with their ability to make faster and more informed decisions. The knowledge you accumulate as you interact with customers will be foundational to influencing Alloy’s product roadmap, value statement, and market positioning. About You As a foundational member of an early-stage startup, you want to take initiative, tackle new obstacles and solve problems we have not encountered before. You don’t shy away from even the most challenging problems and are relentless in always looking for better solutions. You are naturally drawn to analytical work and are comfortable working with an engineering-oriented team towards common goals. You can naturally switch between detail-oriented execution, communication with all involved parties, and prioritization based on added value. What You'll Do Support implementation, training, and onboarding for new customers, working closely with the engineering team to ensure reporting and data are accurate and align with customer objectives. Help deliver against valuable short term objectives to keep new and ongoing projects on track Act as the primary project manager point of contact for the technical implementation of Alloy at new customers, as well as the ongoing expansion and maintenance of our platform at existing customers Work with a group of “core users,” through relationship management, training and support, to make Alloy a trusted and integral part of the customer’s regular course of business Execute and present value-driving analysis in Alloy and, in collaboration with users, turn these into repeatable processes at customer organizations Act as the internal “voice of the customer,” gathering and prioritizing user feedback, translating ideas and obstacles obstacles into actionable, engineering-friendly development requests What We're Looking For Exceptional analytical problem-solving skills, with the ability to understand technical details while staying focused on business objectives Superior academic record in a quantitative field Outstanding project management, organization Highly motivated, responsibility-seeking, hard-working professional Previous experience in management consulting or related analytical, consultative, client-facing fields is preferred