Cloud Consulting Architect We are looking for a senior level expert that supports large engagements and knowledge transfer at the Area or Operation level. Provide technical expertise, leadership, opportunity development and business level consultation throughout the sales process for assigned opportunities. Assists and/or leads with identification and documentation of customer business needs and proposing company products and services to meet those needs and desired customer business outcomes. Identifies, assesses and technically leads opportunities in medium-to-large enterprises in assigned geographies or industry sectors. Role is distinguished from other technical sales roles by combining in-depth technical expertise with consultative, industry and/or commercial/financial selling skills and experience across a broad geography. Highly credible, articulate and adept at demonstrating how Mitel’s partners, products and professional services will solve customer’s unique business needs. Key Targets and Responsibilities Interfacing to all parts of the business to address the needs of the sales theatre. Industry and service experts. Defining the plays/ blueprints for the sales engineering teams. Provide the knowledge and experience to the sales organization. Escalation point for Sales Engineering teams, resolve issues/ misunderstands. Driving improvements in products and services, knowledge owners. Identifying gaps and addressing gaps for customers, partners, internal/ external by delivering content. Ensure that Mitel’s strategies are absorbed within Technical Operations. Interlocking with PLM and RnD to ensure successful alignment. Delivering a forward-looking view/ approach. Provide architectural oversight and solution reviews of other engineers’ work Oversee project reviews, feasibility, prioritisation, initiation, execution, and closure for all project work related to the program Document and share best practices with business Maintains high level of technical knowledge on all relevant software releases and how they interact with various partner platforms This role is Global with some need to travel. Experience: 7+ years related experience. Mitel product experience or applicable experience in competitor’s Unified Communications or Contact Center offerings is required. Has experience with very large scale and complex communication system architectures, applications, customers, partners and implementations. Competitive product experience and multiple Vertical markets solutions planning, Implementation and Operational background is required. Experienced in selling and positioning of Mitel products and solutions in a high touch, large enterprise consultative selling environment required. Formal IT consulting experience is desirable. Sales Alignment Broad technical understanding of adjacent technologies and industry trends Adeptly applies business experience, best practices, financial and relationship selling tactics to win large projects and define architectures Comfortable, articulate, convincing and poised around senior level customer influencers and leadership. Able to document complex solution designs Market Readiness Intimate knowledge of large enterprise IT architectures and implementations. Plans and leads proof-of-concept, trials and demonstrations, often with integration of large-scaled, complex and distributed enterprise software and ISV solutions. Works with CSE and SA teams to overcome complex challenges and ensures success. Professional Development Expert level on industry and product roadmaps. Must be viewed as a leader by senior management, peers, customers and Mitel corporate organizations. Often sought after as lead speaker at industry, internal, customer or partner seminars. Must have been a CSE for a minimum of 3 years or similar. Education: Typically requires BS/BA (EE/CS) or equivalent Industry Certifications: Possesses Mitel platform and applications certifications and one or more advanced industry/vendor certifications. Having relevant credentials in Call Center management, application development or related areas is desirable. Mitel is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis.