Email and Query Intelligence team is a part of the core AI team at Microsoft and is responsible for enabling intelligence in Microsoft products like Outlook, Bing, Windows and Cortana. We research & develop natural language processing & machine learning infrastructure to process billions of emails and documents a day extracting key inferences & knowledge, serving several powerful intelligent experiences to billions of users guiding them and their organizations make smart decisions. You'd be part of a team working to modernize the way users discover, navigate and search across their organization’s Office365 corpus and help make them more productive. We strive to break down the barriers of traditional search and instead offer the most relevant and contextual based suggestions to help users discover the content they are looking for; spanning their Contacts, Emails, Documents and their organization's data. We work very closely with the Office 365 team to guarantee user privacy and compliance while also offering users a robust set of experiences that help them find what they're looking for. We’re looking for highly motivated, and innovative senior software engineers and technical leaders who are passionate about building distributed systems to deploy and serve machine learning, classification and language translation based end to end solutions. Responsibilities You will work with a team of applied scientists and developers who are responsible for all stages of the research & development cycle including early ideation, design, implementation and scaling it internationally. Your responsibilities will include: Ship large-scale backend services that host complex models and algorithms to process critical user data Develop offline pipelines to monitor, extract, index and build ML & NLP models Collaborate with fellow engineers to build demos and apps to showcase these services Capture feedback from implicit signals from end users and iterate Pursue high impact work to quickly deliver on critical areas that our users value. Deliver high quality features in a highly collaborative team environment Qualifications Required Qualifications: Bachelor degree in CS, EE or equivalent Strong experience in designing, developing and shipping software (Minimum: 3 years, Preferred: 5 years) Excellent coding abilities in C, C++ or Java Strong programming and algorithm design skills and real passion for data driven decision-making Preferred Qualifications: Experience in natural language processing, machine leaning, deep learning or data mining area a big bonus 5+ years designing, developing and shipping software Strong verbal and written communication skills with excellent interpersonal communication and collaboration skills Enjoy learning and ramping up on new technologies quickly. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.