Assists with the development and production of reports and analyses focused on strategic initiatives of the Weill Cornell Physician Organization. Report development will utilize a combination of MS Excel reporting, Cognos cubes, MS Access, SQL query design and map based software. Job Responsibilities Develops, reconciles, updates & distributes reports for growth initiatives. Reports are used to monitor progress of go-live for new sites & compile data from various sources, including approved financial plans, professional billing & accounting systems. Prepares data for use in referring physician reporting and all downstream analysis, including charges, encounters, and receipts. Reconciles SQL queries that are used in reporting to standard reports and/ or Cognos data. Prepares reports to show referral trends across various specialties. Analyzes data to identify referrals patterns, as well as referrals not captured within departmental system(s). Works with diagnosis and CPT data to analyze trends of diagnoses and patient volumes. Trends patient counts over time to determine increase/decrease in disease treatments. Analyzes downstream encounters to define patient journeys for targeted diseases. Prepares ad-hoc reports and analyses for new strategic initiatives using data types, including patient demographics, marketing campaigns, patient access metrics, and disease reporting. Prepares & updates geographic & location-based reports & maps based on site locations, patient demographics, census data & third party data. Reports are presented at strategy & growth meetings & once implemented, turned into standard monthly reports. Performs other related duties as assigned. Education Bachelor's Degree in related field Experience Approximately 2 years of related experience. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Ability to utilize MS Excel, SQL, Tableau, and MS Access and quickly learn advanced functions such as Pivot Tables, V-Lookups, etc. Licenses and Certifications Working Conditions/Physical Demands Weill Cornell Medicine is a comprehensive academic medical center that's committed to excellence in patient care, scientific discovery, and the education of future physicians in New York City and around the world. Our doctors and scientists-faculty from Weill Cornell Medical College, Weill Cornell Graduate School of Medical Sciences, and the Weill Cornell Physician Organization-are engaged in world-class clinical care and cutting-edge research that connect patients to the latest treatment innovations and prevention strategies. Located in the heart of the Upper East Side's scientific corridor, Weill Cornell Medicine's powerful network of collaborators extends to its parent university Cornell University; to Qatar, where an international campus offers a U.S. medical degree; and to programs in Tanzania, Haiti, Brazil, Austria and Turkey. Our medical practices serve communities throughout New York City, and our faculty provide comprehensive care at NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center, NewYork- Presbyterian/Lower Manhattan Hospital, and NewYork-Presbyterian/Queens. At Weill Cornell Medicine, we work together to treat each individual, not just their conditions or illnesses, as we strive to deliver the finest possible care for our patients - the center of everything we do. Weill Cornell Medicine is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled employer.