Global Meeting Services (GMS) is a team of professionals who work collaboratively to source, plan, manage, and execute events for various functions across BCG. This is a hands-on, high-energy role focused on delivery and implementation. Team members need to be flexible, team-first professionals. The objectives of the GMS function are to create the right balance between efficiency, effectiveness, and service while driving down costs and delivering a high quality experience. The GMS team serves as a strategic advisor and tactical support network to our worldwide clients and regional, and local teams who are also responsible for the delivery of successful events and projects. Under the general direction of the Global Meetings Manager this role will provide conference and event planning for GMS customers worldwide. The candidate will operate with minimal supervision and be comfortable working on a global basis. A well-developed global network of contacts is expected. Specific responsibilities include: Coordination of meetings and events ensuring customer satisfaction in a cost effective fashion. Using Excel, produce and prepare pricing analyses and reconcile and allocate budget data and billing related to programs Maintain relationships with vendors (hotels, service providers, etc.). Establish and maintain a project timeline of deliverables Liaise with internal and external stakeholders: provide pre-planning logistics management and event coordination as needed to ensure satisfaction of participants while resolving any problems that may arise (pre planning of 10-12 programs a year and onsite support of 4 to 6 programs a year) Provide logistical operations for worldwide programs ranging in size from 50 to 150 attendees and support the coordination of services for such events with hotels and local DMC's (destination management companies) Develop and support meeting best practices information and materials Basic Job Requirements Bachelor's Degree or equivalent in Business, Hospitality or related field 2 to 5 years working experience, preferably with 1-2 years related experience (event management, hotel, DMC, etc). Employment with a professional services firm a plus. Organizational skills and ability to multi-task and manage competing priorities; ability to work effectively in a fast paced environment Strong attention to detail, flexibility, and the willingness to be an active team player Excellent time management skills; must work well with deadlines Demonstrated customer service orientation; highly responsive Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Fluent in English, German fluency preferred Proficiency with MS Office applications (particularly Outlook, Excel, Word and PowerPoint) Key Competencies Technical and functional expertise Understanding and technical knowledge of hospitality industry, including space planning and F&B; Ability to integrate broad knowledge base beyond own area Ability to independently resolve issues/problems using critical thinking, analysis and data always keeping the big picture in mind Ability to work independently and autonomously with initiative and self-motivation Maintains a high level of intellectual agility and resourcefulness when faced with significant ambiguity and fluctuating priorities and constraints Appropriately seeks advice and counsel for decisions Communication, interpersonal and teaming skills Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written; active listener across all levels of the organization Ability to effectively communicate project status to ensure stakeholders are kept informed of progress Excellent interpersonal skills and relationship building with both internal and external stakeholders; collaborative, strong cross-functional team player capable of partnering across geographies and practices Ability to collaborate / partner with virtual team members Work management, organization and planning Ability to multitask, prioritize and manage multiple projects with realistic, but aggressive deadlines/commitments Strong negotiation and cost-conscious skills Ability to work effectively with significant ambiguity and fluctuating priorities and constraints Work Environment Must be able to perform successfully in a fast-paced, intellectually intense, service-oriented environment and to interpret rules and guidelines flexibly to enhance the business and in keeping with BCG’s culture. Must be a pragmatic, high-energy professional with personal and professional self-confidence. Must have the political savvy and interpersonal skills to build relationships throughout a loosely structured organization. Must be comfortable working on a virtual team Other This job may require significant global travel –10 – 15 trips per year, 5-7 days each. Unpredictable workload – sometimes 50+ hours per week, on-site programs may have higher peak hours over shorter (week long) durations Company Information The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) is a global management consulting firm and the world’s leading advisor on business strategy. We partner with clients from the private, public, and not-for-profit sectors in all regions to identify their highest-value opportunities, address their most critical challenges, and transform their enterprises. Our customized approach combines deep insight into the dynamics of companies and markets with close collaboration at all levels of the client organization. This ensures that our clients achieve sustainable competitive advantage, build more capable organizations, and secure lasting results. Founded in 1963, BCG is a private company with offices in more than 90 cities in 50 countries. For more information, please visit bcg.com. Non-discrimination Statement The Boston Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws. In addition, as a federal government contractor, BCG maintains an affirmative action program which furthers its commitment and complies with recordkeeping and reporting requirements under certain federal civil rights laws and regulations.BCG is an E-Verify Employer. Click here for more information on E-Verify. VEVRAA Federal Contractor