Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The Legal Investigations Team analyzes current trends in user safety, identifies and investigates security threats, and develops solutions to mitigate future risk. We pride ourselves in helping prevent online and real- world harm by quickly identifying and escalating sources of abusive behavior. The team is looking for a detail-oriented, motivated analyst interested in online safety, conducting pattern and trend analysis, and applying critical thinking skills. Successful candidates will be able to assess and analyze large amounts of data in order to identify sources of potential threats and abuses. In addition, you must have the ability to operate independently in a fast-paced, small but growing environment, and work proactively with various teams across the organization. This position is full-time and may be based at our Headquarters in Menlo Park, California, or at our offices in Austin, Texas. RESPONSIBILITIES Investigate cases that pose a high risk of harm to the community and identify sources of abusive behavior. Quickly and accurately assess the credibility of potential threats in an effort to prevent online and real-world harm. Identify risk patterns and link abusive behavior within a large data set. Summarize findings, generate reports, and escalate imminent threats as necessary. Work cross-functionally with internal teams on investigations, escalations, and incident response. Identify process and policy improvements and make progressive suggestions for change. Maintain quality standards while managing large volumes of time sensitive requests. Available for after-hours and occasional weekend duty. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS BA/BS degree or 5+ years of investigations or analysis experience in law enforcement, security, risk, or safety domains. Analytical and investigative experience with experience assessing amounts of data in order to detect information. Experience with social media, analytical tools, and internet-based research tools. Communication experience. Experience working with issues that includes graphic violence, religious and political views, and adult content. Experience working independently and making decisions. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Ability and inclination to protect highly confidential information. Fluency in other language(s) including Arabic, Indonesian, Urdu, Bengali, Tagalog, or Pashto. SQL proficiency or understanding of other coding languages.