About the role As a Cloud Infrastructure Consultant, you will be expected to plan, analyze, design, test, deploy and migrate enterprise scale Microsoft messaging migrations. You will need to demonstrate functional knowledge and technical expertise in the Microsoft O365 and On-Prem Exchange migration environments, promote innovative solutions to our customer’s, and develop relationships with key customer stakeholders to help them achieve their business goals. You will be involved with the following: Designing and deploying enterprise-wide, complex cloud messaging infrastructure solutions. Leading technical discussions with senior customer executives that drive decisions and implementation. Reviewing and managing technical requirements and business functional requirements for establishing new could messaging platforms. Designing architecture with Microsoft messaging and cloud technologies that meets customer’s technical, security, and business needs for apps/workloads. Office 365 (O365) and Exchange enterprise migrations. Traveling to customer sites as needed. About you You are a solid technologist with strong business skills. You are as comfortable working with a technical team as with client business users, and you know how to build bridges between the two. With your excellent communications skills, you are adept at mapping business needs to technology solutions and helping non-technical audiences understand the benefits of these solutions. Your technical skillset likely includes: Knowledge of several of the following areas: infrastructure solutions (especially Microsoft), cloud technologies, networking, data center operations, platform migration and enterprise directories Knowledge of operation management, systems security, testing, databases and mobility considerations. Your non-technical experience likely includes: Interacting with clients Working with global teams and offshore resources Communicating and presenting complex information to technical and non-technical stakeholders, both verbally and in written form Solid written and spoken English. Qualifications Consulting experience with large scale migrations to Microsoft Office 365. Knowledge of cloud technologies, including enterprise or hosting provider services SaaS, PaaS and IaaS Solutions Knowledge of cloud system engineering principles and considerations Experience with and/or deep understanding of Microsoft collaboration stack including Office 365, Exchange & SharePoint Online Experience with PowerShell, PowerShell Workflow and troubleshooting PowerShell ISE Knowledge of IT security risks Working knowledge of following technologies: Service Management Automation (SMA) and/or Windows Azure Pack (WAP) Microsoft Identify Manager, Forefront Identity Manager and/or 3rd party Identity Solutions Microsoft System Center (VMM, OM, SM, Orchestrator) Hyper-V (VMware, KVM hypervisor exposure desired) Identity Management (Active Directory, Azure Active Directory, Microsoft Identity Manager/FIM) O365, Exchange and Exchange Online Dell Migration Manager for Exchange Certification preferred Avanade® Is An Equal Opportunity Employer. Avanade prohibits discrimination and harassment against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, veteran, military or marital status, genetic information or any other protected status. Requisition ID - 54060 Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.com.