Google's line of products and services to our clients never stops growing. The Partnerships Development team is responsible for seeking and exploring new opportunities with Google's partners. Armed with your business acumen and extensive product knowledge, you are right on the front line of interacting with our partners, and helping them find ways to grow using Google's newest product offerings. Your knowledge of relevant verticals and relationships with key industry players will help shape our great applications and content for products such as YouTube, Google TV and Commerce. Our work with Sales, core engineering and external Partners enables end customers to interact with Google Assistant across devices, powers Google News, and provides data across billions of search queries such as TV/Movie showtimes, dictionary and language, election coverage, and Crisis Response. We provide technical and operations support for partners for many of the Google’s Search products. This includes influencing product strategy, developing scalable operations, helping onboard new partners, providing support services to some of the most strategic partners and ongoing partner management. Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require you to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Partner Operations Manager, you collaborate with broad cross-functional teams and work closely with partners to leverage emerging technologies and products. From early piloting to wide-scale deployment, you oversee the business operation of Google Search partnerships. You develop product strategy and prioritize projects and resources. You're able to balance business and partner needs with technical constraints. Entrepreneurial and detail-oriented, you are motivated by bringing Google products and technologies to market and to our partners. Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers. Responsibilities Work with cross-functional stakeholders (e.g. Engineering, Product Management, Business Development, Sales, Marketing) to onboard new partners, improve the overall on-boarding process and support product launches globally. Provide operational expertise to scale product support, feature launches and localizing products. Manage strategic partners’ tactical product integration and management through partner education and troubleshooting Collaborate with internal stakeholders to define and prioritize new tools and product features required to improve external partner processes and performance Define, establish, measure, and report on metrics to analyze the partner experience and internal efficiency, including customer service SLAs, and support volumes. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of project management experience working across cross-functional teams. Preferred qualifications: MBA and/or Master’s degree. Strong project or program management skills, leading and implementing high-impact projects with cross-functional teams. Proven ability to manage multiple, time-sensitive projects with competing priorities while working independently to drive projects to completion with minimum guidance and high attention to detail Demonstrated ability to problem solve in complex situations with minimal guidance. Ability to streamline complex processes and implement workflows designed to increase efficiency. Excellent oral/written communication, interpersonal and analytical skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.