Data Delivery, Power BI Consultant As an Analytics and Cognitive Consultant, you will deliver descriptive, diagnostic, predictive and prescriptive analytical insights as reports, ad-hoc queries, dashboards for operational and management reporting at an enterprise scale. You will provide tools to make complex information and data sets understandable through rich visual formats that are insightful and actionable. Work you'll do Consultants work within an engagement team. Key responsibilities will include: Function as integrators between business needs and technology solutions, helping to create technology solutions to meet clients’ business needs. Defining systems strategy, developing system requirements, designing, prototyping, and testing custom technology solutions, and supporting system implementation. The Team Analytics & Cognitive In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment. The Analytics & Cognitive team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. Together with the Strategy practice, our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting organizational intelligence programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets. Analytics & Cognitive will work with our clients to: Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based platforms Leverage automation, cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe actions Drive operational efficiency by maintaining their data ecosystems, sourcing analytics expertise and providing As-a-Service offerings for continuous insights and improvements Qualifications Required: 2+ years of relevant technology architecture consulting or industry experience to include: Analytics + Information Managerment experience (Business Intelligence Reporting, Data Warehouse/ETL), Data analysis experience with BI tools, Performance tuning of queries and report calculations At least 1 year hands-on on working experience with Microsoft Power BI to include experience creating visuals and building dashboards and customizations to meet the needs of the end-user 1+ year experience leading workstreams or small teams Bachelor’s Degree or 4 years equivalent professional experience Ability to travel 80-100% (Monday — Thursday/Friday) Preferred: Experience in optimizing Microsoft Power BI dashboards with a focus on usability, performance, flexibility, testability, and standardization Experience creating dynamic RBAC security with Power BI Experience in building and organizing advanced DAX calculations and SSAS cubes Experience in writing advanced queries and transformations with T-SQL Ability to drive insight by designing visualizations with logical and meaningful data flow Expertise in building data visualizations with a strong understanding of the appropriate chart types to use to highlight patterns in the data for unstructured and structured data sets Experience in data modeling, analysis design, testing, development and implementation Experience developing dashboard wireframes and design requirements based on discussion with an understanding o technical and visual design considerations Understanding of the benefits of data warehousing data architecture, data quality processes, data warehousing design and implementation, table structure, fact and dimension tables logical and physical database design, data modeling, reporting process metadata, and ETL processes Experience designing and developing data cleansing routines utilizing typical data quality functions involving standardization, transformation, rationalization linking and matching Ability to work independently and manage multiple task assignments Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint). Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment An advanced degree in the area of specialization is preferred. How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Deloitte will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws. See notices of various ban-the-box laws where available. https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/ban-the-box- notices.html