Identifies, tracks, monitors, and manages current cybersecurity incidents. Researches threat intelligence, vulnerabilities, campaigns and indicators of compromise using basic scripting techniques. Evaluates and guides vendors in the development of software patches and work-arounds to address systems vulnerabilities. _Responsibilities:_ Manages and proactively monitors client or company security system issues and threats, runs complex analyses on security incidents and threats, and uses in-depth research to inform company's resolution process. Owns resolution of client and company security issues related to security incidents and threats and guides others in the resolution process when necessary. Combines industry expertise with a thorough understanding of information and security technology to direct vendor design of software patches. Recommends and coordinates the development, enhancement, organization, and maintenance of a client's or company's security solutions, including research and security system analysis. Monitors the incident response and vulnerability analyses/outputs of security professionals. _Education and Experience Required:_ Bachelor's degree (or equivalent work experience) required, preferably in computer science, engineering or related area of study. Typically 6+ years of relevant experience _Knowledge and Skills:_ Advanced understanding of modern software development methodologies In-depth Cyber and IT security knowledge In-depth understanding of Cyber and IT security risks, threats and prevention measures In-depth understanding of SQL and relevant scripting languages In-depth security system analysis skills In-depth understanding of security standards and best practices In-depth risk assessment and management skills In-depth understanding of networking and network security In-depth understanding of network monitoring and protocols In-depth knowledge of relevant .Net development, programming and scripting languages Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities. HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.