Résumé du poste If you have ambitions to be a part of a Best in Class organization, Samsung’s Retail Experience Team is the place to be. The role of the team is to surround consumers with innovative products that truly "Enhance" their retail experience. It is an exciting time with Samsung and the Retail Experience Team is positioned to continue its growth. The dynamic culture at Samsung offers both great challenge and great reward. If you want to work among the very best talent in the industry, working on the most innovative products in the world, Samsung is the place to be. You will be responsible for managing Samsung Retail Experience projects that would be deployed across 10’s of thousands of retail locations across the US. You will utilize your skills to manage on-going projects related to on-device technology platform, manage projects related to CMS (cloud server) platform, and work with all product divisions on implementing technology into retail environments. You will manage daily/weekly maintenance requests related to retail demo projects, and holds weekly meetings with our R &D and Retail Experience teams. Individual will work closely with the SEA Retail Design & Marketing organization, R&D, Samsung HQ and retail/carrier customers to produce weekly project status reports. Ensures standard operating procedures and project guidelines are in place. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Project Management Project manage on-going retail demo projects Able to work well with internal teams, including R&D, channel teams, Carrier teams, both internal and external Co-ordinate between Retail Experience and R&D team on CMS project requirements Remove project roadblocks and ensure all R&D CMS projects are on track Ensure standard operating procedures and project guidelines are in place Map R&D resources to various retail demo projects and do monthly capacity planning Manage daily/weekly maintenance requests related to retail demo projects Holds weekly meetings with R&D and Retail Experience teams Weekly project status tracking and reporting Strong interpersonal skills, ability to meet with executives internal/external to sell in ideas and provide status updates Retail Understanding Be able to understand retail projects and manage them successfully Able to evaluate, select and manage agencies on working on retail demo projects (includes creative and technology driven projects) Understand the retail environments and technology Work as a liaison between Samsung R&D team and tech agencies on APK development projects Understanding mobile technology and how devices interact (Bluetooth, NFC, Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi direct, etc. Surveys and reporting metrics and dashboards to understand performance of digital experience executions Background/Experience to qualify for this position, the following minimal background and skill levels are required: Bachelor's Degree with 5-8 years of directly related experience is required Prior experience in advertising, product marketing and project management required 3-5 years of CMS (Content Management System) experience PMP Certification preferred Experience with managing retail app development 3 plus years of managing app (APK/IOS/Windows) development projects Experience with AWS cloud CMS is plus Experience with digital projects involving multi-devices or multi-screens is a plus Experience with IoT and Artificial Intelligence projects is plus Prior experience in a telecommunications environment preferred Must have experience with Microsoft Standard Office Suite Detail oriented, can manage projects start-finish Work in a fast-paced environment, mostly in-office environments Fun, like working with a team, creating group success Strong knowledge of design principals and brand strategies High energy, strong work ethic Previous technology experience preferred Strong interpersonal skills, ability to meet with executives internal/external to sell in ideas and provide status updates Necessary Skills and Attributes: Develop and maintain excellent working relationships with all assigned levels with the customer and within and outside the company. Plan, organize, and prioritize multiple complex assignments and projects. Read and interpret detailed and complex customer requirements. Demonstrated competency in both oral and written communication modes for both internal and external personnel at various levels, especially in the sales and marketing, logistical, or financial areas of clients, prospects, and SEA. Work independently and in a team environment in order to achieve personal and team goals and complete assignments within established time frames. Demonstrated excellence in time management skills and follow up to ensure meeting on time deliverables. The ability to accept tasks and problems/situations that differ and require creativity to search for solutions among learned consequences. Only broad and general guidelines exist for solving problems. The ability to utilize implied knowledge of task alternatives and to make spontaneous decisions using past experience and the guidance of successful experiences of others. Interact with all levels within the organization and has frequent external contacts. Physical/ Mental Demands: Work is generally performed in an office environment. Operate a computer keyboard and view a video display terminal between 50% - 95% of work time, including prolonged periods of time. Requires considerable (90%+) work utilizing high visual acuity/detail, numeric/character distinction, and moderate hand/finger dexterity. The movement and transportation of equipment, most of the time is under 25 pounds. Performs work under time schedules and stress which are normally periodic or cyclical, including time sensitive deadlines, intellectual challenge, some language barriers, and project management deadlines. Machines, tools, equipment, and work aids include printers, copiers, faxes, and other equipment commonly associated with an office work area. May require working additional hours beyond normal schedule. Travel varies depending on position. Consistently demonstrates a commitment to policies and procedures, including but not limited to, attendance, confidentiality, conflict of interest, and ethical responsibilities. LI-AO1 Rôle et Responsabilités Compétences et Qualifications Please visit Samsung membership to see Privacy Policy, which defaults according to your location. You can change Country/Language at the bottom of the page. General : http://account.samsung.com/membership/pp European Economic Area resident : https://careers.eu.samsung.com/PrivacyNoticeforEU.html