Our mission is to protect life. We’re out to make the world a safer place by solving big problems and taking on the public safety challenges of our time. In the next 10 years, we’ll triple the amount of time officers can spend serving their communities. In the next 20, we’ll eliminate paperwork in policing so that officers can focus on what matters. And in the next 50 years, we’ll make the bullet obsolete. It’s a big mission, but it’s one we’ll pursue relentlessly every single day. Your Impact We're building a brand new product from the ground up that is going to revolutionize how police officers, fire, and emergency services are deployed. It will not only allow law enforcement to make mission-critical decisions in real-time, it will also allow them to make long-term decisions based on data analysis. As one of the first frontend engineering hires on the team, you will be intimately involved in shaping the vision for the product, and be the main architect for the frontend experience. You live and breath web frontend technologies like React or Angular. You have a passion for building amazing product experiences that meet a high bar of quality and performance. You are invigorated by the opportunity to be an early member of the team, and enjoy building a solid foundation for a very visionary product. Should you join the team, you will be surrounded by like-minded people who are passionate about our mission. We are allergic to red tape, meaningless process, crufty code, and jerks. Skills Required ...a customer-obsessed developer with 5+ years of experience in launching and operating complex web applications? ...proficient in HTML5, CSS, Javascript, and component-based frameworks like React.js? ...passionate about building attractive, easy-to-use, fast and responsive user interfaces? Skills Preferred You are experienced with modern frameworks like React or Angular You are comfortable with CSS and know how to scale it in a large project You have targeted other hardware platforms beyond the browser, such as desktop or mobile applications You are passionate about quality design, code, tools and architectures You follow the latest in open source technologies and can intuit the fine line between a promising new practice and an overhyped fad You influence your peers, advise senior leaders, coach and mentor junior team members You facilitate cross-team collaboration among engineers and contribute to the broader community of senior engineers Compensation and Benefits An awesome office/working environment with the newest technology Competitive salary and a comprehensive benefit package Fun team activities and outings Flexible working hours Options for training in the US Opportunities to ride along with local law enforcement We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.