At Elastic, we have a simple goal: to solve the world's data problems with products that delight and inspire. As the company behind the popular open source projects — Elasticsearch, Kibana, Logstash, and Beats — we help people around the world do great things with their data. From stock quotes to Twitter streams, Apache logs to WordPress blogs, our products are extending what's possible with data, delivering on the promise that good things come from connecting the dots. We unite Elasticians across 30+ countries (and counting!), 18 timezones and 30 different languages into one coherent team, while the broader community spans across over 100 countries. Are you looking to make a real impact and play a meaningful role in the growth of our company? As a Solution Architect at Elastic you will serve as a technical authority and trusted advisor to our sales team, customers, partners and community. You will understand and solve our customer’s business issues with the Elastic Stack, engage the regional Elastic community through events and programs, and enable sales through our Partners. A successful SA at Elastic will be focused on excellence; taking the initiative to improve both themselves and the team through continuous learning and questioning the status quo. What You Will Be Doing: \----------------------- Serving as the technical point of contact for your accounts and account managers in your assigned territory. Developing a deep understanding of customers’ goals and objectives, and articulating how our offerings address their needs. Creating and owning value based relationships at all levels in customer organizations. Actively participating in all phases of planning and execution for your territory, from initial discovery to the technical win. Developing and maintaining a deep understanding of the Elastic products and solutions to demonstrate the value of our offerings in sales meetings, and at events such as meetups and conferences. Advising the sales team on effective ways of positioning Elastic products, solutions and services. Onboarding, educating and enabling our partners, and supporting them in sales cycles. Creating collateral, contributing to programs and collaborating with other Elasticians to meet individual client needs. Being the voice of the customer and community to communicate needs, gaps, and enhancements to our engineering and leadership teams. Deepening both your sales and technical skills through self driven education while taking advantage of all the professional development opportunities provided by Elastic. What You Will Bring Along: \-------------------------- A track record of success in a technical presales role-- enough experience selling and implementing technology to earn your customer’s trust. A demonstrable ability to articulate and sell the benefits of modern platforms, software and technologies. A real passion for being curious and a continuous learner. You are someone that invests in yourself as much as you invest in your professional relationships. A history of successful customer relations where you developed an understanding of what made a difference, and devised architectures that helped meet a goal, tackle a problem, or outpace competitors. An ability to influence. Have you more than once convinced a team you worked for, of an idea, technology, or architectural pattern? The ability to inspire groups, both large and small. A willingness to travel 30% within region, as well as occasionally internationally. Why Elastic? \------------ “Once I started, I was blown away to realize, what was always so obvious, everything is search. Anything you do with data involves search, every app needs search, even analytics are about search. Daily I am blown away with the types of things our users and customers are doing with search.” Director of Product, Elastic. Why this team? \-------------- “We question the status quo, debate the best ways to accomplish our goals and hold ourselves and our teams to the highest standards of performance. We take pride in our ability to understand our customers needs and make recommendations that are based on extensive global experience across multiple use cases. We learn from our mistakes and losses and celebrate our successes with an eye towards constant improvement. Join this team if you are up for a compassionate, understanding and fair environment where you can really grow into the next phase of your career.” VP WW Solution Architecture, Elastic Additional Information: \----------------------- We're looking to hire team members invested in realizing the goal of making real-time data exploration easy and available to anyone. As a distributed company, we believe that diversity drives our vibe! Whether you're looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary Stock options Global minimum of 16 weeks of paid in full parental leave (moms & dads) Generous vacation time and one week of volunteer time off LI-CL1 Elastic is an Equal Employment employer committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity and affirmative action for all applicants and employees. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation. Elastic also makes reasonable accommodations for disabled employees consistent with applicable law.