Redfin is revolutionizing the $75 billion real estate industry. We use data, beautiful software, and innovative design to put customers first at every step in the home-buying and selling process. Get ready to dive headfirst into our award-winning website and mobile apps, solving complex business problems in a highly visible, customer-centric way. If you value doing great work in a collaborative environment, join our team! As a full stack developer on the Owner Engagement team, you’ll be responsible for growing our new Redfin Now business, where owners sell their homes directly to Redfin for an all-cash offer. You’ll also help build a broad suite of tools to engage people at all phases of their home ownership, from those who’ve just settled in to those actively looking to sell. And you’ll grow a diverse expertise while you’re at it, working on our website and mobile apps to make the experience flawless across all platforms. Who you really are You are a developer who thinks like an end user, who knows that 90% done is only half done, and who can build rock-solid code that will withstand millions of users hammering on it. You have at least 0-2 years of development experience under your belt and are comfortable learning new technologies and tools. You dream about ways to improve upon the status quo. Visions of more beautiful user experiences—and new, more performant ways of building them—drive your decision-making. When you disagree, you disagree constructively, with respect for everyone else's opinions and ideas. More than anything, you share a passion for our mission to radically change the way people make one of the biggest decisions of their lives. Technologies we use and teach Our website and mobile apps are built with Java, AWS, Kafka, JavaScript, React, Swift, and various other tools and libraries. We deploy continuously and use IntelliJ, Bazel, Git and Stash. We offer Support and resources to continue learning, a brilliant team with which to collaborate, an office in downtown Seattle close to all the action, and a commitment to your career so you can grow with the company under a management team that has experience building startups into profitable, publicly traded companies. You’ll get far more responsibility than at a big company, while at the same time far less stress than you will find in a 2 person garage startup. Amazingly smart and fun teammates to collaborate with You'll see the fruits of your labor released to the web every day and you'll share in our joy as we hear back from customers, bloggers, and national media. Redfin is an equal opportunity employer.