Job Description Summary Manager of Digital Analytics for Radisson Hospitality, Inc. at its facility in Minnetonka, MN. Serve as a key member of the Customer Analytics team. Responsible for developing and driving Radisson Hospitality digital analytics reporting strategy and roadmap. Work in a digital analytics function role. Conduct assessment and deep-dive analysis of operational challenges by applying advanced statistical and analytical techniques. Act as the SME and advocate best practices around data integrity, digital analytics, conversion optimization, site measurement and A/B testing. Use Web and social measurement analytics tools. Design and implement weekly/monthly KPI reporting with meaningful insights on digital performance across websites, apps, email, and social; tailor reports to fit the needs of multiple audiences. Lead analyses on site performance in support of continuous site optimization strategies and projects across all digital screens (mobile, desktop, in-store) leveraging multiple data sources. Identify and interpret trends and present insights and recommendations to upper management. Identify, prioritize and plan various analyses to identify long term strategic analytics topics. Develop analytics tracking strategy and implementation documentation. Oversee testing and validation. Ensure the integrity and accuracy of all online and web analytics data via the continual monitoring and assessment of site and program tags. Direct alignment of reporting to desired channel attribution to ensure that the ROI of marketing campaigns and programs are measured accurately. Articulate complex digital and analytical concepts. Interpret data and identify correlations using univariate and multivariate analysis. Participate or serve as the owner of digital analytics projects. Integrate web and email analytics into customer analytics. Interface with senior leadership to understand their data and analytical needs and present findings and recommendations to senior leadership. Use analytical problem-solving techniques to resolve issues and questions related to digital channel. Conduct risk assessment and offer options when possible to stakeholders. Lead project subject matter experts in the evaluation of current business processes and identification of current weaknesses or inefficiencies. Work with Microsoft Office applications including Excel regression analysis and Power Point. Work with Web Analytics tools such as Omniture, Coremetrics, Webtrends, ClickTracks, XiTi, and GA. Work with SQL. Experience working in a digital analytics function. Requirements Requires a bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Marketing Analytics, Digital Analytics, IT or closely related field and five (5) years post-bachelor progressive experience in all of the following: Using Web and social measurement analytics tools including Omniture, Coremetrics, Webtrends, ClickTracks, XiTi, GA and SQL; Designing and implementing weekly/monthly KPI reporting with meaningful insights on digital performance across websites, apps, email, and social; tailor reports to fit the needs of multiple audiences; Leading analyses on site performance in support of continuous site optimization strategies and projects across all digital screens (mobile, desktop, in-store) leveraging multiple data sources. Identify and interpret trends and present insights and recommendations to upper management. Alignment of reporting to desired channel attribution to ensure that the ROI of marketing campaigns and programs are measured accurately; Interpreting data and identify correlations using univariate and multivariate analysis and building statistical models, customized segmentation schemes, and create forecasts; Participating or serving as the owner of digital analytics projects, including using analytical problem-solving techniques to resolve issues and questions related to digital channel; Interfacing with senior leadership to understand their data and analytical needs and present findings and recommendations to senior leadership; Leading project subject matter experts in the evaluation of current business processes and identification of current weaknesses or inefficiencies. Requires less than 25% travel.