Bellevue,Washington,United States BBAPP3 Are you excited to make a difference in the fast growing fields of aerospace and analytics? Are you a self-starter, innovator and a team player looking to enable pioneering solutions with thousands of Boeing data scientists and mathematicians working to benefit the aerospace industry? Here is an opportunity to be part of the Information & Analytics team to help transform data, reveal insights that empower a world of limitless possibilities. Boeing AnalytX powers portfolio of analytics-driven products and services provided by Boeing and its family of companies. These solutions tailored for commercial and defense operators include Flight/Mission Optimization and Management, Fleet Performance & Reliability Analytics, Maintenance & Engineering Optimization, Supply Chain & Inventory Optimization, and Optimized Training. Boeing AnalytX applies sophisticated levels of data analytics to reveal relevant insights and facilitate swift decision-making. You will be part of AnalytX Platform and Data team at Bellevue, WA or Charleston, NC and will partner closely with a team of data technologists, data scientists, and business analysts leading Boeing’s Big Data strategy. You will architect and implement these road maps and bring to life revolutionary new analytics and insights. You will provide technical direction to the engineering and application team. You will collaborate with internal functions to utilize the new big data tools. Responsibilities: Lead a team of technical resources performing solution development in the Big Data ecosystem (Hadoop and Teradata) Provide architecture and technology leadership across Batch and Streaming data processing platforms Focus in one or more core areas: Hive, HBase, Kafka, Storm, Spark, Spark Streaming, NiFi and other tools within the big data ecosystem Design and develop data pipelines (code, scripting, tooling) for both structured and unstructured data Participate in requirements gathering and design technical workshops with platform users Estimate new projects Evaluate new big data technologies Leverage the Big Data ecosystem (Hadoop and Teradata) to manage data at scale Integrating with external data sources and APIs Designing, building, and delivering apps following industry best practices Work with the developers, business analysts and subject matter experts to understand the complex technological system in order to produce integrated end-to-end solution options Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a "US Person" as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. "US Person" includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): Minimum 1 year of IT experience Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Strong SQL experience Minimum 1 year of experience with Big Data ecosystem (Hadoop and Teradata) in a production environment Minimum 1 year of experience working with Linux Minimum 1 year of experience building and deploying Java applications Minimum 1 year of experience leading a software development project Experience building data pipelines Experience collecting, organizing, synthesizing and analyzing data with Teradata Experience with Hive, Spark, Kafka, HBase Experience on Hortonworks Hadoop Distrbution Application development on Java Ability to "Read the Manual" and figure it out. Typical Education/Experience: Technical bachelor's degree and typically 5 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree with typically 3 or more years' or a PhD degree or an equivalent combination of education and experience. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. Relocation: This position is located in Bellevue, WA or North Charleston, SC and does not offer relocation assistance. Applicants must reside in area or be willing to relocate at their own expense. Yes, 10 % of the Time CIO, Information & Analytics Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company North Charleston;South Carolina;United States~