Who we are Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 237 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In. Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Note: Provide full legal first Name/Family Name DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell Provide full address details Resume is required Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application Job Description Summary: Senior Software Engineer with 4+ years of developing production applications in one or more languages Java, Javascript. Job Description: Team Description: The Merchant Integrations Platform Team owns the API’s, Documentation and the Sandbox experience for merchants and developers that use PayPal. Our team is geographically distributed and oversees the entire life cycle of all integrations, which includes: • Guiding merchants and developers from all market segments to the right solutions. • Managing PayPal's developer portal: http://developer.paypal.com . (Developer tools, information architecture, and documentation platform) • Governance over PayPal's integration environment (aka PayPal Sandbox), driving various programs around infrastructure capacity, tooling, and deployment best practices. • Webhooks and other outgoing notifications • Developer Outreach Programs • Social Media ( PayPal's Engineering Blog, and Developer-focused twitter accounts) Job Description: 4+ years of work experience as a software engineer Knowledge of Java and JavaScript, or the ability to learn them quickly Experience with web applications, databases, and messaging systems a plus Experience with data-driven decision-making and A/B testing a plus Passion for learning and always improving yourself and the team around you End-to-end ownership of major features, platforms, and components from inception to deployment Test-centric development and continuous integration Work as a team player and coordinate with members of the team including the Product Owner, Scrum Master, and other Agile team members to prioritize stories and tasks and execute daily activities. Testing and automation mindset, care about quality, Leave code better than they find it https://martinfowler.com/bliki/OpportunisticRefactoring.html Look for creative ways to solve engineering problems for fast velocity Our group is a highly collaborative scrum team that directly impacts the experience of 40+ million users. As an Engineer at PayPal, you'll impact everything about the way we work, leading projects, making major technology decisions, mentoring other engineers, setting a high bar for excellence, and helping to maintain a supportive and fun team atmosphere. You have designed, built, and maintained REST APIs for use in production You can architect RESTful services and understand concepts such as rate limiting, versioning, and idempotency You have experience working with Open API standards like Swagger/GRPC You have experience with messaging systems( RabitMQ, ActiveMQ, Kafka ) You understand much of the full web technology stack (e.g. HTTP, cookies, asset loading, caching) Have experience with development of large-scale distributed Web services Infrastructure. Have experience with containerization platforms (Docker) and container orchestration tools. Familiarity with AWS Lambda functions, GCP cloud functions, serverless technologies Have a deep understanding of functional and design patterns with a focus on performance, security and scalability. Experience with OAuth, SAML, JWT, and OpenID connect. Familiarity with datastore technologies (both RDBMS and NoSQL) Plan capacity, provisioning, and scaling of the sandbox infrastructure Support an always-available platform Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations Build automation and visualization tools to help manage our environment Build monitoring and logging infrastructure Support overall engineering and architecture effort of the software group from a quality perspective Subsidiary: PayPal Travel Percent: 0 Primary Location: San Jose, California, United States of America Additional Locations: We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. Paypal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.