Job Description: Job Summary The Senior Analyst I, Business Intelligence is responsible for the stable operation of the various Reporting and Business Intelligence platforms supported by the Clinical and Business Analytics (CBA) group within Information Technology Solutions. This includes: first tier of support for user requests for user administration, enhancement requests, production incidents or outages, and periodic upgrades associated with these platforms. In addition, this role will be involved in operational improvement projects, infrastructure and vendor product deployment projects, and development of reporting and analytics solutions. This individual is primarily responsible for the operations and maintenance of the Qlik platforms (i.e., QlikView, QlikSense, etc) and secondarily for the SAP BusinessObjects platforms (i.e., Crystal Reports, WebIntelligence, BOE, CMC, etc) platforms at SHC. Essential Functions Employee must perform all duties and responsibilities in accordance with the C-I-CARE Standards of the Hospital. C-I-CARE is the foundation of Stanford's patient-experience and represents a framework for patient-centered interactions. Champions features, use, and best practices for BI Platforms with development teams and users consistent with overall CBA Strategy to drive appropriate usage Develops/Enhances BI processes that reflect best practices for error handling, security controls and monitoring, operations logging and alerting, scheduling and job control,etc. Oversees/Conducts promotion of reporting and analytics solutions to production environments, often in coordination with related database schema changes, and configure schedule(s) for refresh and/or distribution Monitors production solutions and, where necessary, performs required manual procedures Performs user and tool administration within BI tools as requested and approved Troubleshoots incidents such as reporting and access errors surrounding supported solutions Coordination with Infrastructure team on maintenance of hardware, upgrades, database administration/tuning, etc. of the BI environment Define upgrade/patch timeline for BI Platform based on availability from vendor, SHC needs for functionality, risks to the stability of production processes, overlap with other SHC projects, budget requirements, etc. and coordinate timing with CBA Leadership Install/Test software patches/upgrades and test operating system, hardware, and database patches/upgrades for supported solutions and manage the change requests for these processes Manage work queue of incidents and user requests within Service Management application Identifies improvements to operational processes and leads projects to implement such improvements, applying solid project management skills, team/user communications, etc. Prepares/Updates design specifications and operations documentation for reporting and analytics solutions promoted to the production environment Understands and applies HIPAA standards and regulations to all areas of work Equal Opportunity Employer Stanford Health Care (SHC) strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity and non-discrimination in all of its policies and practices, including the area of employment. Accordingly, SHC does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation or gender identity and/or expression, religion, age, national or ethnic origin, political beliefs, marital status, medical condition, genetic information, veteran status, or disability, or the perception of any of the above. People of all genders, members of all racial and ethnic groups, people with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. Qualified applicants with criminal convictions will be considered after an individualized assessment of the conviction and the job requirements. Qualificiations: Minimum Qualifications Education: BS/BA in information or business-related field from an accredited college or university Experience: Four (4) years of experience with design and development of BI solutions. Prefers 2+ years of administration of Qlik Platforms. Certifications: One (1) or more certifications in a relevant technology or field. Certification, or 2 years of equivalent work experience in SAP, QlikView, or Epic tools is preferred. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Experience delivering high quality Reporting & Analytics solutions that meet user requirements with minimal on-going maintenance and a low volume of production incidents (production failures, help desk calls, etc.). Proficient with, and contributes to, best practices and common processes for developing solutions with, and/or administering, multiple standard SHC tools, including: o SAP BusinessObjects tools and administration: BusinessObjects Enterprise (BOE), WebIntelligence, Crystal Reports, Explorer, BusinessObjects Data Services, CMC, SDK o Microsoft SQL Server: SQL Server, SSIS, Management Studio, Team Foundation Services (TFS) o Oracle: Oracle RDMS10/11, Oracle Client o Demonstrated experience with Windows Server management or coordination with Windows administrators to investigate/resolve Incidents, implement Windows patches, monitor hardware utilization, and perform hardware migrations/upgrades (of both virtual and non-virtual servers) as needed. Two (2)+ years of experience as an Administrator of QlikView, QlikSense, or NPrinting One (1)+ years of experience as an Administrator of one or more of the following is greatly preferred: o SAP BusinessObjects administration intelligence o 360Eyes (GB Smith): o Epic Clarity ETL Adminstration (Compass), Clarity Data Model, or Epic Crystal Integration; Demonstrated proficiency with common office productivity software (i.e., Microsoft Office), project management tools, and Help Desk/Support applications, preferably ServiceNow.. Demonstrated ability to troubleshoot, and perform root cause analysis of, production incidents and establish countermeasures to improve supported applications. Two (2)+ years of experience developing complex reports (i.e., Crystal Reports, WebIntelligence, NPrint, etc.) and metadata (i.e., BusinessObjects universes, QlikView QVW) with SHC standard tools and effectively implementing upgrades/patches of these tools, manage production scheduling, and administering user access. Two (2)+ years of experience with SQL in an Oracle and/or SQL Server (preferred) environment. Proficient with complex SQL (multi joins, subqueries, unions) and creation of database objects (tables, views, materialized views, etc.). Ability to utilize performance tuning utilities (Explain Plans, etc.) to optimize queries to meet user needs and improve normal operations. Demonstrated proficiency in Data Definition Language (DDL), Data Manipulation Language (DML), and Extraction, Transformation and Loading (ETL) design and development using SQL Server tools (SQL Management Studio, T-SQL, SSIS, Team Foundation, etc.), Oracle tools, and/or Epic Clarity Compass. Ability to work without direct supervision based on general direction provided by a superior, provide guidance to peers, and make recommendations to supervisors on best path forward. Provides regular updates to supervisor on pending tasks, pain points, and potential roadblocks. History of proactive interactions up to Tier 4 management of the organization (Directors and VP's). Demonstrated ability for planning and completing multiple complex projects. Actively seeks and embraces coaching and mentoring from team members and contributes to the success and development of the team through effective partnering. Contributes to realization of SHC's vision. Understands how their work supports the vision and proposes better ways to achieve the vision. Articulates these ideas in a manner that builds consensus and influences decision making at the Director level. Demonstrates expertise in multiple functional and/or technical domains and develops some cross-functional knowledge and skill outside scope of area of responsibility. Ability to anticipate functional, design, or technical problems with standard recurring work or projects and negotiates a viable alternative before the issues manifests itself in production operations or development. Considers the "big picture" and develops solutions that address multiple problems or needs. Ability to independently partner with multidisciplinary teams. Track record of producing excellent work with limited problems or defects. Competent utilizing Lean concepts including visibility walls, problem solving A3's, and Gemba rounding principles. Utilizes active daily management techniques. Makes reliable operational internal decision independently and reliable tactical external decisions with limited supervision. Successfully presents moderately complex ideas and information to a variety of audiences, including senior managers and industry groups. Effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills. LI-AL1 ~LI~