Since 1851, MassMutual’s commitment has always been to help people protect their families, support their communities, and help one another. This is why we want to inspire people to Live Mutual. We at MassMutual value diversity and inclusion. We’re people helping people. A career with us means you will work alongside exceptional people and be empowered to reach your professional and personal goals. Our employees are the foundation of what makes MassMutual a strong, stable and ethical business. We seek and value unique and varied perspectives and experiences because we believe we are stronger when all voices are heard. We invite you to bring your bright, innovative ideas to MassMutual as we continue to help millions of Americans rely on each other. Together, we’re stronger. Description The MassMutual Data Engineering Group in the Customer Experience Organization is seeking an outstanding Senior Data Architect to lead the Data Architects and Database Systems group in Data Engineering. The successful candidate will lead and expand a team implementing large scale data solutions based on ecosystems ranging over a wide range of persistence platforms such as Vertica, Postgres, Spark and cloud-based storage layers and infrastructure. The members of the team work with fellow engineers and enterprise stakeholders to develop and maintain data models and metadata system including data registration, dataset cataloging and associated services to support data-driven systems aimed at transforming the insurance industry. The successful applicant will be expected to quickly learn new cutting-edge technologies, technical concepts, and complex problem spaces. Current projects include: Developing and implementing a unified model for MassMutual’s insurance business The design and implementation of the data catalog and metadata management system Working with the different company business units to map and integrate disparate data from a variety of source systems Support data ingest pipeline development from and to a variety of database systems The applicant must possess a solid understanding of computer science fundamentals, including database fundamentals, database modeling, logical to physical systems design, and architecting and industrializing platforms for enterprise enabling business applications and usage at scale. Major Accountabilities You will play a major role in the way we model and store our data as well as in developing our back-end infrastructure and building data integrations with our platform. More specifically, you will be expected to: Manage, expand and lead a team to develop creative and scalable database solutions to difficult technical problems Create and maintain data models across the life insurance line of business. You will own data models from conceptualization to administration, transforming business requirements into robust, scalable and maintainable solutions. Assist in overseeing the systems we use to manage the data and analyzing the current state and envisioning and developing future evolutions of our data models Be self-supportive in collaborating with your peers to effectively deliver robust solutions for the life insurance business Stay current on other trends and technologies in the field and be a force for disseminating that information throughout the organization Work with data scientists to architect and build systems that use Machine Learning Data Analysis techniques Develop reliable data pipelines that convert data into features that can be used to train machine learning models Analyze, characterize and understand data sources, participate in design discussions and provide guidance about database technology best practices Write tested, robust code that can be quickly moved into production Support data ingest pipeline development from and to a variety of database systems, namely Vertica, Postgres and upcoming database platforms Work seamlessly in an agile environment with engineers, product managers, business analysts, and designers to understand end-user requirements Support-what-you-build, including performance tuning, automation of backup and recovery, database infrastructure system design and deployment automation Requirements 7+ years of related hands-on experience building large scale software and data systems Advanced degree in Computer Science or relevant discipline (the position is flexible, but salary will be commensurate with experience) Extensive experience in Data Modeling and Design in the insurance and financial industries Experience architecting, implementing and successfully operationalizing large scale data solutions in production environments using AWS cloud ecosystem Experience architecting performant data models at scale for an ecosystem of distributed cloud-based data stores to support the different life insurance business consumption patterns Experience designing and implementing creative solutions to difficult data processing problems. Extensive experience in building large scale database systems with emphasis on performance and near real-time data analytics Strong communication and interpersonal skills Strong technical leadership skills Strong understanding and practice of agile software development processes Strong experience with Python Strong experience with Vertica and mainstream database systems Experience with Scala, Spark and Hadoop a big plus Experience with distributed data processing and management systems Pluses Experience with polyglot databases, nosql, rdbms and other new sql Experience with data mining techniques Advanced degree in Computer Science from a reputable program About Data Engineering The Data Engineering Group is at the core of a broad and diverse data engineering community within MassMutual — members of the group are responsible for formal as well as informal influence on data architecture issues within this community of highly driven and top performing individuals. The Data Engineering Group is a team of world-class senior engineers and architects. The team supports the MassMutual community at the enterprise level, providing them with cutting edge software and data management solutions. All members of the team are committed to empowering data scientists with groundbreaking data and information systems tuned to enable and facilitate data analytics and machine learning to advance and transform MassMutual’s businesses. About MassMutual In the world of financial services, it’s all about working with an established, highly respected company based on demonstrated indications of quality and performance. Who you choose to work with matters. Consider Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company. Founded in 1851, Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company is at the center of the MassMutual Financial Group, a diversified financial services organization. Key subsidiaries include OppenheimerFunds, a leading mutual fund family; Babson Capital Management and Baring Asset Management, providers of specialized global investor services; and Cornerstone Real Estate Advisers which offers real estate equities. MassMutual has a broad portfolio of products and services including life insurance, mutual funds, money management, trust services, retirement planning products, worksite, annuities, disability insurance and long-term care insurance. MassMutual products are distributed through a nationwide network of trusted and knowledgeable financial professionals who think in terms of long-term commitment to meeting individual clients’ needs. Since 1851, MassMutual has made business decisions based on customer needs. Our mutual structure, along with our long-term business approach, has helped keep us strong. This strength means we will be here when our customers need us most. Together, we help people secure their futures and protect the ones they love. MassMutual has maintained some of the highest financial strength ratings in any industry, and is committed to maintaining a position of preeminent financial strength by achieving consistent, long-term profitable growth. In total, MassMutual's worldwide insurance in-force was $ 579 billion at the end of 2014, and assets under management were $651 billion, up 2%, reaching its highest point in history. MassMutual is ranked 94 on the 2015 Fortune 500 list and was again honored by Working Mother magazine as one of its “100 Best Companies”. DiversityInc for the fourth consecutive year, named MassMutual one of its “25 Noteworthy Companies” and for the first time as one of its “Top 10 Companies for LGBT Employees”. Compensation We pay competitive base salaries and we reward performance. Our salary structure is commensurate with experience. In addition, you will be eligible to participate in our comprehensive benefits program including medical insurance and 401(K). Ranked No. 77 in the annual FORTUNE ® 500 Ranking (FORTUNE ® Magazine, June 2017) and recognized as a World’s Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere, MassMutual is guided by a single purpose: We help people secure their future and protect the ones they love. As a company owned by our policyowners, we are defined by mutuality and our vision to put customers first. It’s more than our company structure – it’s our way of life. We are a company of people protecting people. Our company exists because people are willing to share risk and resources, and rely on each other when it counts. At MassMutual, we Live Mutual. CORE VALUES Focus on the Customer: We understand our customers well and look for every opportunity to deliver an experience that is clear, easy, personal, human, empowering and trustworthy. Act with Integrity: We deliver on our promises by being open, honest and humble and by adhering to the letter and spirit of applicable laws, rules, regulations and company policies. Value People: We respect and learn from each other’s diverse backgrounds, experiences and ideas. We engage and develop people to their greatest potential. Work Collaboratively: We work together to achieve results by actively listening, seeking, understanding and creating solutions as a unified team driving toward one company, one culture, one brand. Achieve Results: We focus on winning by exceeding expectations and getting better – everyone, every day. For more information, visit www.massmutual.com or find us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Google+, Instagram and Pinterest. _MassMutual is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer_ _Minority/Female/Sexual_ _Orientation/Gender Identity/Individual with Disability/Protected Veteran. We welcome all persons to apply._