Smartly.io is a fast-growing company aiming to be the best and nicest place for the most talented people to work and learn. We are building an automation and optimisation tool for the largest advertisers globally, including eBay, Skyscanner, Zalora, Nelly, Boozt and Foodpanda. Based in Helsinki, Berlin, San Francisco, New York, Singapore and Buenos Aires, we're looking for individuals with hunger for learning and life to join our world-class team! We are looking for a customer-facing data scientist who enjoys analyzing complex systems and can communicate findings to customers and partners clearly and concisely. Your role is essential in making sure we can systematically improve optimization across customers. At Smartly.io, you would work with our global team of Customer Data Scientists based in our major offices (Helsinki, New York, San Francisco and Singapore) to analyze, validate, and test digital marketing best practices. You will meet the most advanced and technical marketers in the industry, and help them take their marketing – and the whole industry – to the next level. In addition, you will teach everyone around you about how online marketing works and elevate the whole company as a thought leader within the market. You will be working closely together with both software developers and sales. As Customer Data Scientist you will Analyze data to figure out what works and, more importantly, why it works Drive to be the best in the world at optimizing digital advertising (beginning with Facebook, but across channels later) Have close collaboration with product development and bring your learnings directly to our product Help with innovating, testing and prototyping new optimization features Be part in making Smartly.io the thought leader within the market. You will be blogging about your analysis, creating benchmark reports and speaking at events What we are looking for Mathematical-analytical mindset Ability and willingness to become a digital marketing optimization expert Ability to collect and join data from various APIs and databases Scripting skills to create and share your tools for data analysis Ability and willingness to work in a client-facing role. Previous experience in account management, sales, project management or technical copywriting is a plus Benefits Work with the nicest and brightest teammates in a flat organisation Have a competitive salary + option plan Recharge yourself with full 5 weeks of paid annual leave Enjoy weekly breakfasts, Friday demos with beer and monthly sports with the team Who we are Smartly.io is a fast-growing team of 200+ Humble Hungry Hunters. We are building a B2B SaaS tool to fully automate and optimize online marketing at scale for the largest advertisers across the globe. We are a global company with 36 nationalities and footholds in 17 cities, serving 600+ customers across the globe, including eBay, Uber and TechStyle. We are on a mission to make online advertising easy, efficient, and enjoyable across all major platforms. Easy as in automated, efficient as in constantly driving performance, and enjoyable through the best user experience and service in the market. We do this by combining creative automation, ad operations, and outstanding customer service to help brands scale their results – not headcount. Great people choose us and stay with us because they like our company culture and how we tackle challenges of huge scale at speed. Learn more about how we work at smartly.io/culturehandbook.