What You'll Do This role requires excellent Product Management skills in driving business operations and technical requirements for DNA Cloud platform & Cloud apps. As a PM in the team, you'll engage internal and external customers and other product managers to identify new product opportunities, define & design product features, and work closely with development teams. Successful applicant will have experience building business cases, defining products, leading diverse, cross functional teams, positive attitude, a strong work ethic, and be able to adapt and iterate quickly.You get to contribute in all stages of the product lifecycle. From defining product requirements to the design stage, building out a roadmap strategy, defining pricing/special bundles, helping customers through beta programs, releasing the product for general availability all the way to transitioning customers to new releases Who You’ll work with This is an exciting position for driving innovation in the Enterprise Automation and Management space. This position is part of an exciting, dynamic team responsible for recognizing market trends and identifying next generation product offerings for cloud delivered services. You will be working closely with other Product Managers, Engineering Leaders, Technical Marketing Engineers and closely interact with Cisco's customers to identify their product requirements and needs Who You Are Define the roadmap for cloud platform, ensuring worldwide leading competitiveness and business success Manage the product throughout its life cycle, from development of initial requirements through end-of-life decisions Work closely with engineering team to deliver a robust, highly scalable, micro-services based cloud platform that can deliver SaaS solutions to a global customer base Familiar with issues in building multi tenant cloud platform and user experience design Minimum Qualification: BSEE/CS or equivalent work experience with a Master's degree (MS/MBA) preferred 5+ years' work experience in product management preferably in Analytics, Machine Learning, Cloud platform, SaaS, enterprise networking etc. Experience in two or more of the following areas of cloud platform i.e Wired and Wireless Networking, Multi-tenancy, Service Orchestration, and External system integration Experience in Agile development environment Experience with forecasting, pricing and promotions Demonstrated ability to create highly compelling product marketing collateral Excellent verbal, written and presentation skills Excellent collaboration skills working with cross functional teams such as engineering, sales, marketing, business development etc Have a bias for action and be passionate about the end user experience Position is local to San Jose, California (relocation available if qualify) Why Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren't afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers. We Are Cisco.