About Pear Therapeutics At Pear, our mission is clear: we are pioneers in Prescription Digital Therapeutics, or PDTs. Our cross-functional team operates at the intersection of biotechnology and software technology. Pear discovers, develops, and delivers clinically-validated software-based therapeutics to provide better outcomes for patients, smarter engagement and tracking tools for clinicians, and cost-effective solutions for payers. Every day, we push the boundaries of technology to transform medicine. Pear has a pipeline ( https://peartherapeutics.com/pipeline/ ) of products and product candidates across therapeutic areas, including mental health disorders, severe insomnia and multiple sclerosis. Our lead product, reSET®, treats Substance Use Disorder, and was the first PDT to receive marketing authorization from the FDA to treat disease. Pear's second product candidate, reSET-O™ for the treatment of Opioid Use Disorder, is currently under review by the FDA with Breakthrough Designation. For more information, visit us at www.peartherapeutics.com ( http://www.peartherapeutics.com/ ). Description: Pear is always looking for subject matter experts to support scientific, clinical, and patient-centered development of therapeutics in our pipeline. If you are a clinician, mental health professional, neuroscientist/neuropsychiatrist, or patient advocate for substance use disorder (SUD), opioid use disorder (OUD), schizophrenia, multiple sclerosis, insomnia, and/or depression, and are interested in sharing your insights on a consulting basis (a few hours per month) – we would like to hear from you. Equal Employment Opportunity Pear Therapeutics is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pear Therapeutics also follows all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act. All applicants must have authorization to work for Pear Therapeutics in the U.S. In certain circumstances it may be advantageous to Pear Therapeutics to support the application(s) for temporary visa classification and/or sponsor applications for permanent residence so that a foreign national colleague can accept or remain in a work assignment in the U. S. For certain classes of temporary visas, the resulting work authorization may be specific to Pear Therapeutics and the specific job and/or work site. Pear Therapeutics may at its business discretion decide to or refrain from obtaining, maintaining and/or extending the temporary visa status and/or sponsoring a colleague for permanent residency and /or employment eligibility, considering factors such as availability of qualified U.S. workers and the colleague's long-term prospects for securing lawful permanent residence, among other reasons. Employment applicants requiring immigration sponsorship disclosure, when initial application for employment is made, whether or not they are legally authorized to in the U.S. and, if so, whether that authorization permits them to work in the job they seek. In no case should Pear Therapeutics support of a colleague's temporary visa application or sponsorship of a colleague for permanent residence be construed to guarantee success of that application or amend or otherwise invalidate the "at-will" employment relationship between the colleague and Pear Therapeutics.