Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking a Technical Program Manager intern to join our Data Center and Networking team. We are looking for someone that shares our passion for tackling complexity head-on, to help build infrastructure that can scale through multiple orders of magnitude. As a Technical Program Manager, you will play a key role within infrastructure engineering, driving huge projects that span the organization. The projects will support the Infrastructure Engineering organization whose responsibilities include our Network Growth, Network Management and 24x7 upkeep of the Facebook web site. This TPM intern will assist with networking and data center projects. Facebook’s infrastructure is constantly redefining what is possible, and we need program managers that can do the same. This full time internship position. RESPONSIBILITIES Ability to work with others on cross-functional site infrastructure projects in a matrix organization covering a range of areas (data center, network, capacity management.) Help provide hands on program management during analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, and post implementation phases. Perform risk management and chance management on projects. Provide day-to-day coordination and quality assurance for projects and tasks. Help drive internal and external process improvements across multiple teams and functions. Deep passion for technical details and understanding Facebook’s mission in connecting the world. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Pursuing a B.S. or M.S. in a technical discipline or equivalent experience. Knowledge of Networking Engineering and/or Data Center Operations, or Networking experience a plus. Working knowledge of Project and Program Management skills and Project Management tools. Organizational and coordination skills along with multitasking capabilities to get things done in a fast paced environment. Interpersonal skills, including relationship building and collaboration within a diverse, cross-functional team Communication skills. Ability to obtain and maintain work authorization in the United States in 2018.