The Youth and Family Unit within the Prevention and Early Intervention division continues to grow with new projects, initiatives and approaches to funding community-level programs to support youth and families upstream from crisis and intensive intervention with a public health approach. Youth and Family Lead will be a motivated and adaptable individual to support the Division Administrator and Youth and Family Program Specialists. The position will be responsible for monitoring the progress of day-to-day activities and assignments, coordinating unit initiatives and projects, including being a liaison to other division initiatives including the business plan, strategic plan and other workgroups. Position will also contribute to writing policy and updating policy handbooks. In addition position will develop strategy in partnership with the Division Administrator for future initiatives and process improvement of the unit. The position overall performs highly advanced and complex technical, consultative and professional work designed to promote the PEI vision and mission. Work contributes to the planning, development, and successful implementation of the STAR Youth and Family Program (STAR), Community Youth Development (CYD) program, Fatherhood Effects Program, Military Families and Veterans programs, and Statewide Youth Services Network (SYSN), programs main focus is on family support and positive youth development. Position becomes familiar with provider sites across all programs, develops an understanding of strengths and challenges of sites, monitors and reports on program implementation progress. The programs have contracted service providers across the state who provide services such as individual and family counseling, youth skills classes, mentoring, youth leadership, and parent education. Position interacts with areas including procurement, contracted prevention service providers, community representatives and state government administrators. Position serves in a leadership role in various PEI division initiatives, conducts site visits and provides trainings as needed. Works under limited supervision, with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. The PEI Youth and Families Lead serves as back up to the Division Administrator in attending internal or external meetings and assists in the coordination and communication of information about PEI initiatives to stakeholders. Lead may also serve as a back up to Program Specialists in the event of a vacancy or division workload. Work is accomplished under general direction with extensive latitude and independent judgment. Essential Job Functions: Contributes to the development, planning and logistics of a variety of projects and programs Consults and works collaboratively with other Youth and Family Program Specialists. Monitors the progress and completion of projects, reports and recommend changes as appropriate. Monitors, studies, and analyzes program issues, prepares reports and provides/presents recommendations. Analyzes the variations within programs and develops plans to improve PEI efficiency. Collects, organizes, analyzes, and prepares material in response to requests for program information. Consults with program staff providing consultative services and technical assistance in the planning, implementation, and monitoring of programs and services. Participates in program implementation, program planning, policy, and program assessment. Consults with public and private agencies involved in the program to resolve problems, identify needs, and discuss program delivery. Analyzes program data to provide technical assistance to programs Determines program statistics and trends and resolves programmatic problems. Develops and implements effective techniques for evaluating agency programs. Develops program policies, procedures, standards, and manuals in accordance with program objectives and goals. Prepares administrative reports and studies and performs specialized research projects including analysis of program data. Consults and works collaboratively with other state agencies and partners in workgroups and initiatives. Provides guidance to staff in the development and integration of new methods and procedures. May prepare and evaluate program budget requests. Performs related work as assigned. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Skill in effective verbal and written communication. Knowledge of agency policies, procedures, and regulations. Knowledge and experience in project management and organization techniques. Ability to assess and prioritize projects and workload Ability to explain facts, advocate ideas, and negotiate and collaborate with individuals and groups, externally and internally. Ability to gather, assemble, correlate, and analyze facts. Ability to prepare clear and concise reports. Ability to develop and evaluate policies and procedures. Ability to establish, define, and set priorities. Knowledge or ability to learn contracting process, policies, and procedures. Knowledge of fiscal and budgeting techniques and practices. Skill in identifying activities to meet program goals and objectives. Skill in analyzing organizational problems and developing approaches to address them. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships in order to gain and keep a high level of trust, confidence, and respect. Ability to plan, assign, and monitor the work of others. Ability to balance change and continuity, to adjust and respond to changing job priorities and continually strive to improve service within the basic state government framework. Knowledge of systems in which parents and families interact is preferred Knowledge of risk factors and protective factors for child abuse and neglect and juvenile delinquency or ability to learn. Knowledge of programs related to home visiting, parent education, other evidence-based or promising practice prevention programs or direct service experience in the above areas is preferred. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Initial Selection Criteria: Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university. Graduate degree in public health, public affairs, youth counseling, social work, youth development, family studies, or related field preferred. Two years full-time consultative, supervisory, managerial, social service, professional or technical work which must include: • analysis of work problems having an administrative aspect and interpretation of complex written material; • or planning, organizing, and coordinating requirements for support services or program operations where a wide range of demands are involved, including interpretation of complex written material or Texas Department of Family and Protective Services experience. Acceptable Substitutions: The following may be substituted on a year-for-year basis for the required education, with a maximum substitution of four years: One additional year full-time consultative, supervisory, managerial, social service, professional or technical work which must include: • analysis of work problems having an administrative aspect and interpretation of complex written material; • or planning, organizing, and coordinating requirements for support services or program operations where a wide range of demands are involved, including interpretation of complex written material or Texas Department of Family and Protective Services experience A Graduate degree may be substituted for the required experience, with a maximum substitution of two years Demonstrates knowledge of child abuse or neglect prevention programs, child/youth and family services, or in child welfare systems. Demonstrates ability to manage programs and motivate staff to achieve goals. Demonstrates knowledge of program planning and setting and reaching goals and objectives Communicates effectively verbally and in writing. Demonstrates experience and an ability to work and make decisions independently under pressure and in group settings. Demonstrates and/or an ability to organize and present complex information. Demonstrates experience in developing policies, procedures, and/or procurements Additional Information: Req ID: 390376 MOS Code: Note: There may be no military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.