About Coalfire: As a trusted advisor and leader in cybersecurity, Coalfire has more than 15 years in IT security services. We empower organizations to reduce risk and simplify compliance, while minimizing business disruptions. Our professionals are renowned for their technical expertise and unbiased assessments and advice. We recommend solutions to meet each client’s specific challenges and build long-term strategies that can help them identify, prevent, respond, and recover from security breaches and data theft. We’re on the cutting edge of one of the world’s most important industries, and we protect our clients from ever-evolving security threats through our innovative advisory, auditing, and ethical hacking solutions. We’re growing rapidly and are currently seeking a Consultant to join our rapidly growing FedRAMP team based in Sterling, VA. What you’ll do: In this role, you’ll facilitate Security Control Assessments (SCAs) and possibly other advanced-level Continuous Monitoring Activities within cloud- based environments. To succeed in this position, you’ll need a strong understanding of security-related system controls and an understanding of the various testing methods utilized to ascertain the effectiveness of those controls. You will work in a team atmosphere with an experienced Technical Project Lead, and you’ll be assigned technical sections and be able to provide client-ready deliverables. In this role, you will: Execute, examine, interview, and test procedures in accordance with NIST SP 800-53A Revision 4 Ensure cyber security policies are adhered to and that required controls are implemented Validate respective information system security plans to ensure NIST control requirements are met Develop resultant SCA documentation, including but not limited to the Security Assessment Report. Author recommendations associated with your findings on how to improve the customer’s security posture in accordance with NIST controls What you’ll bring: Bachelor’s degree (four-year college or university) or equivalent combination of education and experience At least three (3) year of experience in the IT industry, with strong familiarity with the applicable NIST Special Publications 800-37 Revision 1, 800-53 Revision 3 or 4, and 800-53A Revision 1 Strong written and verbal communication skills including the ability to explain technical matters to a non-technical audience Ability to lead small, less complex system assessments independently Ability to assist team members with proper artifact collection and detail to clients examples of artifacts that will satisfy assessment requirements At least one of the following certifications: CISSP, CISA, PMP and/or Security+ certification Bonus points: Experience reviewing Nessus output a plus, along with basic knowledge of networking components and various operating systems in a cloud environment, including UNIX and Microsoft Expertise in other Security Frameworks (ISO, NIST, COBIT, HIPAA/HITECH, etc.) and regulatory requirements Why you’ll want to join us: Our people make Coalfire great. We work together on interesting things and achieve exceptional results. We act as trusted advisors to our customers and are committed to client-focused innovation as well as innovation in the industries that we serve. Coalfire offers our people the chance to grow professionally with colleagues they like and respect while tackling challenges that stretch their minds and expand their skill sets. We’re connected by our desire to innovate and our goal of helping to make the world a more secure place. Coalfire’s high energy, challenging, and fast-paced work environment will keep you engaged and motivated. Work-life balance is a core priority at Coalfire – we work hard and we play hard, and the two often overlap. We host family- friendly events and happy hours along with professional meetups and informal networking sessions, and we’re active in our communities. Plus, we offer great benefits, including: Health, dental, and vision insurance with an employer contribution Flexible paid time off (employees are encouraged to spend four weeks away from the office each year) A generous 401(k) plan A corporate wellness program Tuition reimbursement A kitchen stocked with snacks, coffee, and tasty beverages Coalfire is an EEO employer.