Data Manager Job Summary: Mixbook's mission is to empower every person to share their story and express what they care about most through the creation of the most beautiful personalized photo products in the world. If your mission is to help people be creative and spread happiness, then this may be the role for you. Mixbook is looking for a talented and passionate data manager to lead the Company in solving business challenges while pairing with business leads to ask the right questions to get to actionable insights fast. Your work will make it easy for your peers to understand the data and the action to be taken. This is a hands-on position in which you will drive the discovery of meaningful business insights based on data deep dives leading to initiatives to increase business performance. You will set the tone for the data team in leaving no stone unturned while sifting through data and identifying the key points that need analysis. At the same time, empower your peers to leverage Looker dashboards for repeatable information. Responsibilities: Own business intelligence and reporting of overall company KPIs and performance metrics by product Take ownership of data analytics tools for the Company, evaluating current data analytics tools to ensure tools meet business needs, are properly implemented and maintained while driving new tool implementations as necessary. Design and build tools and processes that scale our reporting and analytics capabilities Perform in-depth analysis, diagnostics and data-driven recommendations to improve product performance Collaborate with marketing teams on channel analytics and CRM initiatives Collaborate with operations teams on supply chain reporting and optimization Support all cross-functional teams by prioritizing and responding to ad hoc analytics needs Analyze, model and forecast business performance trends by product line to improve key performance indicators and highlight emerging trends of internal and external drivers Model outcomes of what-if scenarios for our products to drive us to achieve the best business and customer objectives Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field. 8+ years of experience working in a field using machine learning, other predictive modeling techniques, engineering, statistics, mathematics, computer science or related field Experience with traditional Business Intelligence relational database modeling, tools and processes Proven ability to analyze data and present findings in the form of compelling and memorable stories Well versed in statistical methods and tools, especially with respect to A/B testing Understanding of web analytics tools (e.g., Google Analytics, MetricStory) and business intelligence tools (e.g., Tableau) Familiarity with consumer analytics and metrics (e.g., online transactions, average order value, conversion funnel metrics, CAC, LTV, etc.)