Description This position requires an enthusiastic multi-tasker with strong attention to detail, excellent written and verbal communication and an ability to build relationships across internal and external audiences. We are also seeking someone who has a "can do" attitude and is a quick learner. We offer an accelerated career trajectory and a chance to learn from industry leaders and alumni from the best consulting and technology companies. We are a flat, dynamic and highly focused team and have fun while producing strong growth and revenue. Specific Responsibilities: Assist in the development and maintenance of marketing initiatives across Search Engine Marketing and Shopping campaigns, focusing on customer acquisition and retention Responsible for day to day reporting, promotion management, billing, tracking audits & publisher/competitive landscape audits Work closely with our agency partners across all day to day tasks Monitor and measure results and provide optimization recommendations Keep up to date with industry trends to enhance the effectiveness of marketing initiatives Attend all relevant internal meetings and develop sustainable relationships with key departments and leaders including creative, finance, legal and merchandising Key Competencies Passion for Digital Marketing Strong quantitative skills to analyze and provide suggestions to optimize campaign performance Ability to multitask, handle pressure and meet deadlines in a fast-paced entrepreneurial environment Fast learner and eager to learn Consistently working well with a diverse group of colleagues and team members with sensitivity and supportive attitude Exceptional skills in written and verbal communication Requirements 0 -- 1 year of experience with Online Marketing Advanced computer skills are required including MS Office Suite and the ability to learn and utilize internal applications Comfortable working and analyzing data (especially numbers!) College degree required, advanced degree a plus. We welcome applicants with non-traditional educational and professional experiences About Us 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. is a leading provider of gifts for all celebratory occasions. For the past 40 years, 1-800-Flowers.com® has been helping deliver smiles to customers with a 100% Smile Guarantee® backing every gift. The 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. family of brands also includes everyday gifting and entertaining products from Harry & David®, The Popcorn Factory®, Cheryl's Cookies®, 1-800-Baskets.com®, Wolferman's®, Moose Munch® premium popcorn, Personalization Universe®, Simply ChocolateSM, and FruitBouquets.com SM. The Company also offers top-quality steaks and chops from Stock Yards® and gift baskets and towers from its DesignPac Gifts, LLC division. Loyalty programs, such as Celebrations Passport®, Celebrations Rewards® and Celebrations Reminders® are designed to deepen relationships with customers across all brands. The Company's BloomNet® international floral wire service and Napco SM floral gifts and seasonal décor division provide a broad-range of products and services designed to help professional florists grow their businesses profitably. 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. was named to the Stores® 2017 Hot 100 Retailers List by the National Retail Federation and also received the Gold award in the "Best Artificial Intelligence" category at the Data & Marketing Association's 2017 International ECHO Awards. Shares in 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, ticker symbol: FLWS.