The Lifetime Healthcare Companies aims to attract the best talent from diverse socioeconomic, cultural and experiential backgrounds, to diversify our workforce and best reflect the communities we serve. Our mission is to foster an environment where diversity and inclusion are explicitly recognized as fundamental parts of our organizational culture. We believe that diversity of thought and background drives innovation which enables us to provide leading-edge healthcare insurance and services. With that mission in mind, we recruit the best candidates from all communities, to diversify and strengthen our workforce. OUR COMPANY CULTURE: Employees are united by our Lifetime Way Values & Behaviors that include compassion, pride, excellence, innovation and having fun! We aim to be an employer of choice by valuing workforce diversity, innovative thinking, employee development, and by offering competitive compensation and benefits. Summary This position identifies and recommends operational improvement through reporting, process and trends analysis, develops ad-hoc reports for data analysis to support initiatives and interacts with senior management to recommend next-level operational strategies. Duties also include understanding the plan building functions within the system, an ability to review, and seek process improvement opportunities for Operations. Essential Responsibilities/Accountabilities All levels Acts as project manager leading and directing other personnel from all business areas. Works closely with other business units to define requirements for improving existing processes and/or developing new processes. Manages data collection and analysis for developing and modifying business procedures. Pulls claim, enrollment, and plan build data queries for data analytics. Maintains familiarity with the latest techniques for project management, analysis, testing, and implementation of projects. Manages evaluation of operational systems and recommends improvements. Reviews project development documentation for completeness, quality, and adherence to project management methodology standards. Prepares reports and makes detailed presentations to project teams and all levels of management. Consistently demonstrates high standards of integrity by supporting the Lifetime Benefit Solution’s mission and values and adhering to the Corporate Code of Conduct, and Leading to the Lifetime Way values and beliefs. Maintains high regard for member privacy in accordance with the corporate privacy policies and procedures. Regular and reliable attendance is expected and required. Performs other functions as assigned by management. Level II - performs these additional responsibilities: Leads on creation of testing suite for Plan Build/Resolution/Claims/Configuration and Audit. Provides support to various Operations departments including, but not limited to, Plan Build, configuration, Resolution, and Claims. Acts as a liaison between Audit, Plan Build, and Resolution. Ensures accurate requirements are collected for all projects related to the Javelina system including, claims, enrollment, stop loss, and plan build procedures. Works with stakeholders and business units on complex assignments to create process improvements to ensure end to end continuity, either on a single process or multiple processes. Performs periodic re-evaluations of end-to-end processes. Understands and communicates strategic business objectives and applies them to process improvement concepts. Coordinates evaluation of operational systems/processes and recommends improvements. Coordinates data collection and analysis when required for developing and modifying business procedures, conducts interviews and other data gathering activities. Participates in departmental work groups and assists in facilitation of team meetings to support process improvement including interviews, knowledge transfer and training. Trains Operations staff on new system processes that are recommended after process improvements have been identified. Documents all process improvements for staff training needs. Ensures business practices comply with federal and state laws and corporate personnel policies. Minimum Qualifications All levels Note of Classification We include multiple levels of classification differentiated by demonstrated knowledge, skills, and the ability to manage increasingly independent and/or complex assignments, broader responsibility, additional decision making, and in some cases, becoming a resource to others. In addition to using this differentiated approach to place new hires, it also provides guideposts for employee development and promotional opportunities. Bachelor’s degree in relevant field with a minimum of four years related experience OR a minimum of seven years equivalent work experience, preferably in a Claims Processing, Operations, or Healthcare environment. Clear understanding of all aspects of the claim process system and plan building functions. Must have solid communication skills – both oral and written. Organizational and presentation skills as well as analytical skills necessary to interpret operational data required. Expertise in structured analysis and design, and data gathering techniques. PC skills including but not limited to Microsoft Outlook, Excel, Word, Project, Lotus Notes, and Access. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Project management skills and/or experience. Ability to manage multiple dynamic priorities, the ability to think independently while working as part of a team. Level II – in addition to level I qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration or related field with a minimum of five years of user experience in process management/improvement. In lieu of degree, a minimum of eight years of relevant operations/process management/improvement experience. Demonstrates the ability to identify root causes of business and/or workflow problems and determine innovative sources for solutions and opportunities. Knowledge of process improvement methodologies and principles. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Proficiency in process improvement design and gathering information from stakeholders. Ability to analyze and provide solutions to process design issues presented by internal or external customers. Physical Requirements Use of a computer for extended periods of time Use of an office telephone a must In support of the Americans with Disabilities Act, this job description lists only those responsibilities and qualifications deemed essential to the position. Equal Opportunity Employer