Join the excitement of Artificial Intelligence in the Cloud at Microsoft! Are you someone with a passion for data, analytics, insights and technology? We are looking to hire a passionate, creative, and experienced data engineer/developer to deliver customer-centric solutions built on top of ML Services. If you are passionate SQL and dealing with data with a passion to build compelling experiences then this is the role for you. You must be a data expert with solid understanding of data ingestion, data processing, BI reporting & big data ecosystems. You should be comfortable building dashboards that is used to drive business decisions. This role has a blend of data engineering and analytics. You are driven, self-directed, entrepreneurial and focused on delivering the right results. We encourage a collaborative environment that celebrates team success. Our team has people from a wide variety of backgrounds, previous work histories, and life experiences, and we are eager to maintain and grow that diversity. We believe in maintaining a good work life balance. We are passionate about learning on the job, and we have several forums and opportunities to drive innovation. Be ready to think deeply, work hard, and have fun solving tough problems at the center of Microsoft Cloud & AI, Machine Learning Services Team. Responsibilities The ideal candidate will bring: Excellent collaboration skills and a proven track record in managing complex dependencies Ability to write code that is used for samples and customer ready – R or Python, SQL Background or knowledge in UX, reporting or visualization tools such as Power BI, distributed systems, database systems and storage are a strong plus Expertise on data analytics or cloud computing is also desirable Solid problem-solving skills dealing with ambiguity and making tradeoff’s Work with internal partner teams that you depend for your solution Customer empathy and experience in shipping customer facing solutions In addition, you will have the opportunity to collaborate with a number of teams that provide the infrastructure to validate, test and publish your solutions. Besides building solutions, you will also have the opportunity to work on managing/creating new products on our platform. You will be partnering closely with customers, defining e2e user stories and partnering with engineers for building solutions at scale. You will manage key metrics such as adoption, usage and growth. Qualifications Required : 3+ years of hands-on experience in object oriented and/or SQL programming 1+ years of experience in data mining or large data manipulation with AI/ML hands-on experience A minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering, or a related field, or equivalent alternative education, skills, and/or practical experience Preferred : Experience building customer facing solutions is a big plus Experience in big data platform or AI related products. Experience and technical knowledge of database systems such as SQL Server (or equivalent) and BigData. Programming experience in language such as Python or R is a strong plus Experience writing code that ships part of samples or solutions that are customer facing Advanced BI dashboard design & development. Fluency in building automated data pipelines using SQL to bring data from multiple data sources Experience with cross group project coordination Proven ability to deliver innovative products with a strong passion for quality Good communication and collaboration skills. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. xCloudAIx