As an experienced Software Engineer, your mission is to help lead our team of innovators and technologists toward creating next-level solutions that improve the way our business is run. Your deep knowledge of design, analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming will help your team raise their game, meeting your standards, as well as satisfying both business and functional requirements. Your expertise in various technology domains will be counted on to set strategic direction and solve complex and mission critical problems, internally and externally. Your quest to embracing leading- edge technologies and methodologies inspires your team to follow suit. And best of all, you’ll be able to harness massive amounts of brainpower through our global network of technologists from around the world. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: BS/BA degree or equivalent experience Expertise in application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines Advanced knowledge of architecture, design and business processes Keen understanding of financial control and budget management Ability to work collaboratively in teams and develop meaningful relationships to achieve common goals Minimum of 5 years of experience in a major services organization, with large-scale data or project management and oversight experience. Knowledge of data event architecture Knowledge of data quality and data protection management practices Knowledge of governance practices, business and technology issues related to management of enterprise information assets and approaches related to data protection Knowledge of data related regulatory requirements and emerging trends and issues Demonstrated consulting skills, with change management concepts and strategies, including communication, culture change and performance measurement system design Knowledge of risk data architecture and technology solutions Our Consumer & Community Banking Group depends on innovators like you to serve nearly 66 million consumers and over 4 million small businesses, municipalities and non-profits. You’ll support the delivery of award winning tools and services that cover everything from personal and small business banking as well as lending, mortgages, credit cards, payments, auto finance and investment advice. This group is also focused on developing and delivering cutting edged mobile applications, digital experiences and next generation banking technology solutions to better serve our clients and customers. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. So if you're ready to put your passion for technology to work in a way that makes a real difference, apply today.