DTE Beacon Park Manager - 11043 About DTE The future is bright at DTE Energy! We are the largest electric and gas utility in Michigan with an aspiration to be the best-operated energy company in North America. We are a Fortune 500 company headquartered in Detroit, Michigan with businesses in 26 different states. DTE Energy’s utility and non-utility businesses are poised for significant growth. We look forward to working with highly motivated and team-oriented individuals to energize our efforts of growing economically and environmentally. We care for our employees and prioritize their health and safety first. Recently, DTE Energy has been recognized as an outstanding place to work and has received the following accolades: Gallup Great Workplace Award for 3 consecutive Years! (2013, 2014 and 2015) Metropolitan Detroit’s 101 Best and Brightest Companies to work For J.D. Power Customer Satisfaction Award Professional Women’s Magazine/Black EOE Journal “Best of the Best” Computerworld’s 100 Best Places to Work in IT Best Employers for a Healthy Lifestyle Gold Award Detroit Free Press Green Leaders Award DTE Energy is an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, religion, disability, national origin, citizenship, height, weight, genetic information, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status or any other status protected by law. Description Job Summary: Enhances and manages DTE Beacon Park’s programming, communications, and reporting to the DTE Beacon Park Foundation (Foundation). This is a professional position responsible for overseeing day-to-day park programming, communications, and metric reporting on behalf of the Foundation, and in collaboration with its Board of Directors and the Downtown Detroit Partnership (DDP). Generates new programming ideas and provides event planning support, as well as being responsible for the oversight of DDP’s management of park operations. This position will report to the Chair of the DTE Beacon Park Foundation. Key Accountabilities: Ensures the mission and identities of Beacon Park, Beacon Park Foundation, and DTE Energy Foundation are clearly communicated and represented. Works with the Foundation Board of Directors to collaborate activity related to Beacon Park programming, marketing, and operations. Creatively directs all aspects of the park’s management, including the communication/promotion of park programming, to ensure attendance by robust and diverse audiences. Oversee DDP’s Beacon Park programming, marketing, and operations. Manage the Foundation’s park contract terms with the DDP. Collaborates with Lumen Restaurant owners and operators on programming and marketing of event and programs. Collaborates with the park’s communication liaison. Recruits sponsors for special programs and events. Analyzes and benchmarks national/international best practices of public space programming and management; makes recommendations and/or takes action directly based on the benchmarking, involving necessary stakeholders. Works with key partners and vendors to support industry-leading visitor experiences in Beacon Park. Establishes systems for evaluation of programs and manage scorecard metrics reporting to the Foundation Board, including metrics for communications activities, park programming activities, and financial accountabilities. Develops long-term work plans, including specific goals and objectives aligning with broader organizational/leadership goals identified by the Board of Directors. Builds relationships with key partners, sponsors, downtown businesses, and public place stakeholders to look for opportunities for collaboration. -Ensures compliance with operational policies, priorities, and standards relating to park operations to achieve long- and short-term program objectives. Conducts periodic audits of the DDP’s management of Beacon Park regarding maintenance, repairs, landscaping, cleaning, safety, key facilities, temporary structures and tents, equipment, games, signage, power, etc. and take appropriate remedial action where necessary. Utilizes marketing analytics tools and data to evaluate present and future programming, by identifying industry trends, market appeal, reach, and target audience. Qualifications Minimum: Bachelor’s degree and 10 years of professional experience, including 5 years of programming or special projects experience within public place, cultural or arts program management, placemaking, events management or arts management industries in a urban environment. Preferred: Bachelor’s degree in Public Policy, Urban Planning, Hospitality, Communications, Public Relations, Business, Fine/Liberal Arts or Master’s degree in relevant fields (including MBA) Excellent knowledge and understanding of successful urban public places, operations, and operation strategies. Ability to effectively communicate and work with a variety of stakeholder groups, including members of the DTE Beacon Park Board of Directors and external partners. Ability to effectively project manage and prioritize multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment; tasks include timeline, budgeting, and risk management. Creative, with a strong interest and background in arts and cultural events. Incumbents may engage in all or some combination of the activities and accountabilities. Utilize a variety of the competencies cited in this description depending upon the organization and role to which they are assigned. This description is intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by incumbents in this job. It is not intended as an all-inclusive list of accountabilities or responsibilities, nor is it intended to limit the rights of supervisors or management representatives to assign, direct and control the work of employees under their supervision. Job Function Government & Regulatory Affairs Primary Location Michigan-Southeast Michigan-Detroit Downtown HQ: WCB (Walker Cisler Building) One Energy Plaza Detroit 48226 Job Type Regular Is this position covered under a Collective Bargaining Agreement? No Skills Based Testing Required: Not Applicable External Pre-Hire Assessment Required: Professional Pre-Hire Assessment This position is a Department of Transportation (DOT) covered position and must pass DOT drug screen and is subject to random drug testing. No NERC-CIP Authorization: This position will require authorized unescorted access (cyber and/or physical) to NERC-CIP (North American Electric Reliability Corp. — Critical Infrastructure Protection Cyber Security Standards) controlled assets or documents? No CFATS Authorization: This position will require authorized unescorted access to restricted areas and/or access to critical assets of a CFATS (Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards) designated High Risk Chemical Facility? No FERC Training: This position will require Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) Gas Training qualifications No