CloudHealth Technologies is looking for a Professional Services Engineer to join our growing Professional Services team. The Professional Services Engineer will be part of the Customer Success organization and will deliver quality services to our client base resulting in higher client satisfaction and clients for life. About You: You have a passion for problem solving and a strong desire for partnering with customers. You are a self motivated individual who takes pride in their ability to deliver high quality solutions to their customers. You’re looking for an opportunity to be on the forefront of the cloud revolution and process a strong technical and analytical background with experience supporting cloud computing products, services and solutions. You Will: Design, develop, and implement customer solutions focused in and around the CloudHealth platform Develop Statements of Work during the pre-sales process to define the project objectives, scope, deliverables, dependencies and risks Create detailed specifications outlining the requirements for both external and internal stakeholders Design and develop API based integration solutions leveraging the CloudHealth platform. Consult with clients on analysis and findings to ensure clarity on solutions Managing internal resources and clients to ensure on-time on-budget delivery of projects Consult with clients and developers on the use and solutions using our APIs Manage multiple mid-sized projects in parallel You Have: A 4-year college degree, preferably with a technical focus; Computer Science, Math, or related background is highly desired 5+ years of relevant experience with architecting, developing, and delivering API-centric product solutions Practical understanding of cloud-centric architectures and services Professional experience with multiple programing and scripting languages (e.g. Java, Node.js, Python, Go, Ruby, etc) Experience supporting enterprise IT products or services The ability to work in a fast-paced team-oriented environment, leveraging company resources to solve customer challenges/requirements Familiarity with infrastructure automation using Terraform or similar products is a plus Experience with BI reporting software a plus Passion for new technologies is a requirement Strong attention to detail and quality of work, suitable for customer facing materials Strong communication, time management, problem solving, project management, and interpersonal skills CloudHealth Technologies is a venture-backed technology company that is accelerating business transformation to the Cloud for some of the largest enterprises in the world. With over $86 million in funding, including a $46 million Kleiner Perkins-led Series D round that closed in June 2017, we have experienced 100+% year-over-year revenue growth for the past five years. Simply put, we are one of the fastest growing technology companies in the country. Our benefits don’t stop with competitive salaries, 401K plans, comprehensive medical, dental, vision, and life/disability insurance or flexible PTO. To give everyone a stake in the business, we ensure everyone receives equity. Plus, there’s the usual good stuff like Commuter & Gym reimbursements, Apple hardware, free snacks, lunches, and beer. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.