We are currently seeking a talented Sr. Architect for our Technology Cloud and Infrastructure practice in Seattle. You are someone with significant hands-on cloud architecture experience preferably on AWS. You are passionate about being a technical leader, be it with your depth and knowledge on cloud platforms or your strength as an architect. We’re looking for someone who can bring that leadership into this growing team and help shape its direction, and also help us celebrate the victories as the team grows. Our consultants work on the front lines, partnering with clients to deliver game-changing solutions in the most dynamic industries. Your West Monroe team will be comprised of our industry specialists as well as your technical and functional counterparts. Together, we work with client leadership to set vision, define strategy, and execute via project implementation to add the value that only West Monroe Partners can. You’ll be part of, and help lead, a team that takes as much pride in how it grows -and how much fun it’s having - as it has in the quality of the work we deliver. We enjoy our startup culture, and place high value in face-to-face time with our colleagues and team every Friday when we are not on client site. As an Architect at West Monroe, you will help set the direction for this growing team. What are we looking for? West Monroe is seeking consultants with experience in leading and implementing modern IT infrastructure designs, including on-premises, cloud IaaS/PaaS, and hybrid cloud solutions. This position requires a candidate with strong business acumen along with technical depth to assist with architecture, implementation, and domain migrations for enterprise size companies. What will you be doing? Lead West Monroe and client project teams in a hands-on capacity to deploy and migrate to modern IT infrastructure environments: Assess current state client technology environments and determine business and technology requirements Evaluate, recommend, design, and implement IT infrastructure technologies that enable and drive client success Leverage cloud and on-premises technology solutions to deliver the optimal hosting environment for a variety of services and workloads. Lead and participate in practice project proposal opportunities: Translate business and technical requirements into West Monroe project proposals Write detailed work plans, project scopes, and cost estimates Develop methodology and best practices with the national Security and Infrastructure practice team Promote internal thought leadership in emerging technologies; including 3rd party partnerships, WMP go-to-market offerings, and collaborations with other WMP solution lines. Mentor and grow the skills and careers of our junior consultants. Identify strengths and opportunities for improvement to develop strong technical consultants and leaders. Here’s what you need to bring to the table: Minimum of 8 years’ experience within IT 3 - 5 years’ experience in an IT infrastructure architecture role in the following subject areas: Server virtualization Shared storage Data networking IT operations tools Hands-on implementation experience with one or more of the following technologies: Microsoft Azure Amazon Web Services Google Cloud Platform Microsoft Office 365 Microsoft Windows VMWare vSphere Microsoft Active Directory Linux-based operating systems Strong Project Management skills and ability to drive projects through to completion Strong verbal and written communications skills Prior management consulting experience is preferred Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or another related degree strongly preferred Ability to travel up to 50% in a client-facing capacity Must be able to legally work in the US without limitation If you’re looking for an opportunity to flex your technical muscles in a high- energy, team-oriented environment where you own your career, we’d love to hear from you. Think you’ve got what it takes? Join our team and make us better. West Monroe Partners is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer - We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. We base our employment decisions on merit, experience, and potential, without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state or local law. LI-SS1 . West Monroe Partners is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer - We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. We base our employment decisions on merit, experience, and potential, without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state or local law. LI-DNP