The Senior Information Security Analyst will be responsible for a variety of security initiatives with a goal to reduce information security risk at Children's Minnesota. Responsibilities include security awareness and training across the organization through various delivery methods, coordinating Business Impact Analysis and developing business continuity plans, coordinating small to medium size information security projects, analyzing business and technical requirements and defining security solutions to address any identified security risks. The analyst will also assist with drafting security documents including policies, standards, procedures and guidelines. Qualifications : License/Certification/Registration: CISSP, CISM, CISA, PMP or other relevant certifications preferred. Education: Bachelor's degree in a computer field, communications, project management or equivalent work experience. Experience: 6+ years of overall IT experience required. 3+ years of experience in Information Security with responsibilities in Contingency Planning (Business Continuity planning and Business Impact Analysis, Incident Response) Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: Knowledge of security standards such as ISO/IEC 27001, NIST CSF, NIST SP 800-53, COBIT, COSO and HTRUST. Knowledge and experience working with relevant regulations including HIPAA and PCI DSS. Strong analytical skills to consider technical and business requirements and recommend appropriate security risk mitigation controls. Ability and knowledge in security awareness and training or similar technical training activities. Effective professional communicator, able to research, prepare and deliver quality communications, articulate security issues and resolutions in business terms. Ability to develop documentation, such as security policies, standards, procedures, and guidelines. Facilitate, gather, analyze and compile metrics and reports from multiple sources and make them relevant to leadership. Ability to stay up to date with security developments and threats in the region and globally, and initiate steps to protect Children's against such threats. Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office suite of products - Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, etc.