Your career starts now. We’re looking for the next generation of health care leaders. At AmeriHealth Caritas, we’re passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, we’d like to hear from you. Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at www.amerihealthcaritas.com. We are seeking a dynamic, self-aware healthcare leader with a passion for analyzing data and who thrives on telling a "data" story. Do you enjoy taking teams beyond their comfort zones, mentoring, and coaching them to the next level? The Manager Information Systems - HEDIS/Clinical Data reports to our Director IS for eDWH, CDR & HEDIS. You will work closely with senior management and all levels of staff throughout the organization to lead the transformation of clinical, operational, and financial data into information and insight to support ACFC strategic decision-making. You will actively participate in the development of long-term analytics strategy planning and ensure data-related policies, procedures, and processes are in place to address complex business needs. This role ensures that long-term solution delivery methodologies are followed and that these methodologies deliver quality, reliability, stability and completeness of all data-related programs, while also meeting ACFC financial objectives and Clinical data needs. You will also responsible for leading and mentoring a team of Business Systems analysts, helping them elevate the ACFC clinical analytic capabilities. Responsibilities: Understand organizational business requirements for data and information to support business strategy and objectives. Lead design sessions in prototyping new data solutions and KPI dashboards in collaboration with business users. Review and analyze the effectiveness and efficiency of existing data source systems and develop strategies for improving or further leveraging these systems. Collaborate with Enterprise Data Management in the planning, development, and deployment of new data solutions, enhancements to existing data solutions, and dashboards. Collaborate with Enterprise Data Management in strategic planning activities for the information data system landscape, and participate in development of future-state architectures, strategies, and roadmaps for big data and related applications. This will provide direction for the ACFC data, for business stakeholders and will lead to simplification of the data architecture. Function as a senior-level advisor and business analyst for enterprise scale initiatives on topics related to data and analytics. Serve as the data and analytics Subject Matter Expert in support of clinical initiatives. Collaborate with both Enterprise Data Management and business owners to turn data into actionable business insights using self-service analytics and reporting tools. Demonstrate forward thinking and plans ahead for potential roadblocks; comprehends bigger picture of the business strategy. Possess a demonstrated ability to understand and interpret complex data and apply that knowledge to develop and recommend strategic initiatives decisions. Participate in ACFC Data Governance to ensure the adoption and promotion of ACFC Governance program. Qualifications / Education: A minimum of five to seven years of Supervisory/Management experience. Minimum five (5) years’ experience with health care organizations, particularly in the MCO setting. Knowledge of managed care data including, but are not limited to, claims/encounter, member/eligibility, providers, pharmacy, lab results, ADT, etc. Experience in analysis, interpretation, and reporting using medical or administrative data sets. Experience using varied statistical methods. Expert critical thinking and problem solving skills. Superior communication, presentation and influencing skills. Advanced technical skills and expertise with SQL and other Microsoft products. Extensive knowledge of the managed care industry and strong understanding of basic data modeling or data relationship concepts in data warehousing. Extensive healthcare data knowledge and their inter-relationships. Experience partnering with Clinical Services, Care Management, or other related areas of health care focus. Strong organization, time management, and project management skills and multi-tasking abilities. Experience preparing executive level reports and presentations. Prior experience in Government Health Programs e.g. Medicare/Medicaid. Experience with HEDIS and standard health care technical guidelines. A Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in the Data Sciences field. Master’s degree is preferred.