Does solving complex business problems and real world challenges interest you? Do you enjoy seeing the impact your contributions make on a daily basis? Are you passionate about using data analytics to provide game changing solutions to the Global 2000 clients? Do you thrive in a dynamic work environment that constantly pushes you to be the best you can be and more? Are you ready to work with smart colleagues who drive for excellence in everything they do? If you possess a solutions mindset, strong business analyst skills, and commitment to be part of a tremendous journey, come join our growing, global team. See what Saama can do for your career and for your journey. Responsibilities: Provide expertise in identification, evaluation, design, development, and deployment of systems and/or processes while building customer relationships discussing business intelligence solutions. Play a key role or lead role as part of a project team to deliver solutions that are cost effective, sustainable, and meet business requirements. Interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and other subject matter experts Should understand software project development cycle. Training documentation and/or work instructions independently to determine methods and procedures on new/special assignments. Impact on the business: Define the future of advanced analytics frameworks and solutions to transform operations for hospital systems. As a Saama team member they work with customers to define and implement solutions for today’s requirements. Key relationships: Client Relationships With all team members Onsite and Offshore teams (in Pune, India) Saama Values: INTEGRITY: we do the ‘right’ things. INNOVATION: we ‘change the game.’ TRANSPARENCY: we communicate openly COLLABORATION: we work as one team PROBLEM-SOLVING: we solve core, complex business challenges ENJOY & CELEBRATE: we have fun Competencies: Self-starter who gets results with minimal support and direction in a fast-paced environment. Takes initiative; challenges the status quo to drive change. Learns quickly; takes smart risks to experiment and learn. Works well with others; builds trust and maintains credibility. Planful: identifies and confirms key requirements in dynamic environments; anticipates tasks and contingencies. Communicates effectively; productive communication with clients and all key stakeholders communication in both verbal and written communication. Stays the course despite challenges & setbacks. Works well under pressure. Strong analytical skills; able to apply inductive and deductive thinking to generate solutions for complex problems. Requirements: Life-science / Clinical data understanding will be preferable Expert in Tableau - Latest version(10.1.x and above) including Desktop, DataServer and Server.Able to understand the existing Tableau workbooks design and make updates to it. Excellent communication skills working with Business groups (Requirements Gathering, Driving the meetings, Training session on Tableau ,best practices, Working 1:1 with Business Analytics Managers,Documentation) Expert in creating rich Visualizations using Tableau 's best practices. Tableau Performance Tuning and Monitoring SQL knowledge is a must and should be able to write SQL queries,understand Joins and the existing SQL's written in SQL Views/SP.Ability to drive/recommend design changes with respect to Tableau dashboard to DBA/ DB developer. Business Objects Webi - Designing Reports- (Should be able to understand the reports and analyze the details ) Experience in working with Excel and creating PowerPoint presentations LI-AG1