Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA The Business Strategy & Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future- growth initiatives. Partner Business Solutions (PBS) is the division that manages Google’s relationships with publishers and other partners and drives the commercialization of Google suite of publisher platforms and monetization solutions for both search and display (AdSense and Google Ad Manager). The Partnership Solutions & Go To Market (PSGTM) organization provides business critical insights to PBS using analytics, cross functional alignment of goals and execution and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives. As a member of the PSGTM Sellside Global Operations team, you will become an expert on Google’s business and understand the key drivers and complexities of growing in an extremely competitive market. You will work on a variety of complex strategic and operational projects, partner with cross-functional organizations and communicate insights with senior stakeholders. You are a structured thinker who can work in a rapidly changing industry and you tolerate ambiguity, problem solve and frame narratives to a senior audience with limited oversight. The Go-to-Market Operations (GtM) team ensures Google's complex and ever- evolving Ads business runs smoothly. We are instrumental in setting go-to- market strategy, and ensuring flawless execution and operations against the strategy. We have teams embedded in each of the major Ads business areas as well as global teams that work across the business areas. Team members are analytical and strategic, with a pragmatic sense of how to get things done. Responsibilities Analyze internal/external customer satisfaction (CSAT) data and develop actionable insight. Solve strategic and operational problems and identify executive-level insights. Communicate results and insights with senior leaders through live presentations and ongoing analysis/reports. Manage end-to-end analytical projects by quickly understanding context and developing structured analysis to reach alignment and provide guidance to senior stakeholders. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in an analytical function (e.g., Business Analyst, management consulting, etc.) or internet/media industries. Preferred qualifications: Master's degree. Extensive experience with large data sets and data visualization (SQL, Tableau, etc.). Experience executing complex strategic and operational initiatives. Business acumen and the ability to successfully navigate and influence personalities within a complex business environment. Excellent business sense, problem solving, project management and analytical skills. Excellent written and oral communication skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.