BestBuy.com is one of the 10 largest eCommerce sites in North America, with a billion visits each year. Another billion visitors shop at our physical stores. A career with BestBuy.com offers the opportunity to apply your talents and creative energy to deliver high performing solutions at one of the top 10 e-commerce sites in the US. There are multiple areas of specialization available such as Search, Distributed Services, Big Data platforms, Cloud, Infrastructure and more. Be a key part of BestBuy's e-commerce Product Domain Team growth! This team drives the vision, strategy, customer experience and technical delivery of product content information systems and services throughout Best Buy’s e-commerce and enterprise application portfolio. What will you do: Build and release process, maintaining and improving our build, internal infrastructure and continuous integration systems to help with the efficiency of our build, development, testing, and release process. Develop and support CI/CD and automated testing solutions to meet the high-level requirements of our engineering teams. Develop and share best practices with our development teams to improve automation and efficiency. Strong demonstrated ability to work directly with technical leads, engineers and business stakeholders. Demonstrate a creative and innovation-driven ability to articulate engineering design patterns related to scale, performance, security, testing, and usability, This job might be for you if: You are enthusiastic and excited about technology A jack-of-all-trades with development and CI/CD tools and curious to learn and build more You’re passionate about finding intuitive ways to help speed up development processes. You are flexible, dependable, and know how to have fun while getting a lot done You are open and honest and willing to share and accept feedback and ideas You are positive and optimistic. Setbacks and constraints motivate you to work harder Basic Qualifications: 6+ years of progressive responsibilities in one or more of the following areas: software/web development, application delivery. Bachelor’s degree; or 8+ years’ of the same experience without a Bachelor’s degree Experience using Jenkins and Hockey distributed over physical and virtual machines Preferred Qualifications: Experience using Cloud technologies like AWS, Kubernetes and/or Docker Agile development practical experiences