Company Information PACCAR is a Fortune 500 company established in 1905. PACCAR Inc is recognized as a global leader in the commercial vehicle, financial, and customer service fields with internationally recognized brands such as Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF trucks. PACCAR is a global technology leader in the design, manufacture and customer support of high-quality light-, medium- and heavy-duty trucks under the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF nameplates. PACCAR designs and manufactures advanced diesel engines and also provides customized financial services, information technology and truck parts related to its principal business. Whether you want to design the transportation technology of tomorrow, support the staff functions of a dynamic, international leader, or build our excellent products and services — you can develop the career you desire with PACCAR. Get started! Requisition Summary This position is responsible for supporting PACCAR Financial Credit department by providing financial data analysis and support for the retail and Wholesale areas as well the Fleet Credit Team. Division Information PACCAR Financial (PFC) PACCAR Financial facilitates the sale of premium-quality PACCAR vehicles in 20 countries on three continents worldwide by offering a full spectrum of creative, flexible financial products and value-added services specifically tailored to the transportation industry. Responsibilities Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex financial data sets. Prepare accurate daily, weekly and monthly financial reports. Develop and implement data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality. Utilize Business Intelligence tools like Tableau to visualize data and provide meaningful management information. Analyze large amounts of data, facts and figures to find conclusions. Perform ad hoc data analysis to generate reports and visualizations for other teams within the PACCAR Financial Credit Department. Monitor Wholesale Dealers overlines and coordinate overline approvals. Filter and “clean” data by reviewing electronic reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct problems. Provide analysis of trends and forecasts and recommend actions for optimization. Develop new process improvements to increase the speed, accuracy and efficiency across all major functions of PACCAR Financial Credit. Qualifications & Skills 2 or more years of work experience as a Data Analyst, Financial Data Analyst or related field is preferred. Strong knowledge of SQL database and reporting tool such as Tableau or Power BI. Proficiency with Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint. Strong interpersonal skills including the ability to interact confidently and professionally with all levels of management. Excellent written communication / presentation skills. Detail-oriented with a high level of accuracy while maintaining a holistic view of the business. Ability to organize, meet deadlines and deal with areas of ambiguity. Education Bachelor’s degree in business administration, finance or related area required. Additional Job Board Information PACCAR is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veteran/Disability.