Job Description This position is one role on a 5 person inter-disciplinary team that harvests workload characterization data from our latest platforms configured with Optane DC persistent memory, analyzes it to establish trend lines with scale for detailed hardware metrics, and uses this data to drives custom system- level performance models. Are you interested in contributing to the definition and implementation of a new tier in server systems' memory hierarchy? Are you passionate about measuring the performance of computer systems and correlating it to pre-silicon performance models? If so, this is an excellent opportunity to exercise your skills and fulfill your passion while developing new skills and progressing along your career path. A Performance Architect participates in the architectural definition of new systems by assessing trade-offs from the systems performance perspective. In this position, the candidate will use mean value analysis to assess these trade-offs pre-silicon, by applying an existing systems performance model driven with workload characterization data. The candidate will also extend this model to incorporate a number of extensions: new sub-system architectures, new workload characterization data, new protocols, and new simulation results from other environments, etc. This position also requires the harvesting and analysis of workload characterization data from existing systems, which is distilled and used to drive the performance model. Thus, the position requires working with the Principal Performance Architect, as well as a team of systems performance analysts and lab support personnel. Specific Duties: Pursues career development by learning performance model from Principal Performance Architect and how to develop/apply it. Does curve fitting and trend line analysis using R. Works with partner teams to perform performance correlation of models using post-silicon measurement data or pre-silicon simulation results. Responsible for ensuring data is collected and vetted, and provided in an appropriate format. Handles routine running of automated performance testing and data post-processing. Runs micro-benchmarks and creates supporting models/relationships using the collected data e.g. Intel Memory Latency Checker. Owns spreadsheet macro development to further prepare/present performance data in appropriate formats. Understands how to vet data and filter anomalous results. Investigates performance anomalies with help from senior performance architects. Represents performance on architecture teams. Prepares summary charts and reports on results. Presents model findings to forums as needed. Qualifications Minimum Required Qualifications: Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Architecture or equivalent with 6+ years of relevant experience or Ph.D. graduate with a strong background in computer architecture and performance modeling with 4+ years of relevant experience. 4 +years of experience in the following: Excel, including Visual Basic, Pivot Tables, Macros, etc. Scripting in Perl and bash. Executing server benchmarks. Developing and correlating performance/simulation models. Using hardware performance counters. Basic understanding of computer systems performance principles, e.g. Amdahl's Law, Queuing Theory, mean value analysis. Additional Preferred Qualifications: Experience using R for data analysis. Programming in Python and/or Ruby. Experience with JMP or similar tools. Experience with EMON and EDP or Linux PERF. Experience with Kcachegrind. Inside this Business Group The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. Other Locations US, Oregon, Hillsboro Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.