Major Responsibilities : Establish comprehensive Master Data Management and Governance strategies and roadmap around Microsoft ERP system to meet the current and future needs of the business. Provide expertise in design and development of new applications in data lifecycle management including flow between Product Lifecycle Management and Master Data Management and Product Information Management systems. Implement processes and governance to ensure data integrity, data standards, and change management of data across multiple groups and systems. Work closely with all levels of the organization including: presenting to and educating the business on master data issues and opportunities, communicating the impact on complex integrated business processes, and establishing the master data quality metrics and targets. Work in close partnership with cross-functional teams across the organization to develop, launch, refine, and scale master data programs and activities. Provide recommendations on industry leading best practices, services, and systems used for the improvement of data quality. Define, develop, and measure data quality analytics and key performance indicators(KPIs). Drive continuous improvement activities to instill data discipline and stewardship amongst all data owners. Maintains enterprise data policy for governing data and actively measures compliance to the data policy for critical data and reports. Be a hands-on, active team member of the IT organization Minimum Job Requirements: Education: B.S. degree or equivalent experience. Experience : 5+ years of experience in gathering business requirements and/or deployment of ERP systems (such as MS Dynamics AX) focusing on Master Data Management in a large enterprise. Specifics: Experience in a lead role on MDM projects Expert understanding of Master Data Management strategies, MDM services and capabilities, metadata management, data governance and data quality solutions. Ability to develop and implement data governance and standards. Strong written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to quickly synthesize data and develop recommendations. Strong Analytical and Problem-solving skills required. Strong presentation/ communication / facilitation skills (oral and written). Capable of managing multiple objectives simultaneously. Self-motivated, requiring minimal direct supervision. Experience in automotive industry is a plus.