Sanmina Corporation (Nasdaq: SANM) is a leading integrated manufacturing solutions provider serving the fastest-growing segments of the global Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) market. Recognized as a technology leader, Sanmina Corporation provides end-to-end manufacturing solutions, delivering superior quality and support to Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) primarily in the communications networks, defense and aerospace, industrial and semiconductor systems, medical, multimedia, computing and storage, automotive and clean technology sectors. Sanmina Corporation has facilities strategically located in key regions throughout the world. Quality Assurance Coordinator Job Summary: Quality Assurance Coordinators are responsible for processes that support quality assurance activities such as but not limited to production/procurement quality record retention, IMTE coordination, supplier non-conformance coordination and customer required documentation submission. Job Duties: Organizing and digitally storing incoming component documentation submissions from suppliers. Preparing quality record template packets to support manufacturing efforts during work order fulfillment Coordinating and tracking the calibration of inspection, measurement, and test equipment used during product realization. Conducting research to establish assembly and component traceability. Supporting the execution and scope development of quality control activities on specific assemblies and kits. Organizing and digitally storing quality records generated during product realization. Creation of customer required data books and documentation packages as required by purchase order, customer/supplier agreement and or assembly/component drawings. Generation and analysis of key process indicators (KPI) required periodically to confirm reliability of the Quality Management System. Coordinating and tracking the resolution of identified supplier non-conformances. Follow up with procurement and suppliers on corrective actions resulting from identified supplier non-conformances. Data entry activities as required to support generation of KPI’s. Coordinating and tracking the resolution of reported customer received non-conformances from within our production processes and supply chain. Performing process audits as directed by the Quality Manager and supported by criteria and guidelines defined within audit checklists. Requirements: Work requires a good command of the English language. Must have knowledge of basic office administrative procedures and experience in use of standard office equipment Must have basic knowledge and experience working with computers to include the use of word processing, spreadsheet, database, and presentation software. Minimum of two to four years of quality document/administrative experience EEO Employer Vets/Disabled