Emser Tile, LLC, the nationwide supplier of high-quality floor covering products servicing world-leading retailers, builders and contractors seeks an experienced CUSTOMER SUPPORT - HOUSTON, TX. Emser Tile and Natural Stone, the nationwide supplier of high-quality floor covering products servicing world-leading retailers, builders and contractors seeks an experienced Customer Service professional for our Houston North Branch. The Customer Support Representative supports our clientele while contributing administrative support to our internal Branch Team. Our Customer Support professionals interface with Builders, Designers, General Contractors as well as all other customers that visit or call. Key Responsibilities Assist in day-to-day functioning of branch. Greet customers warmly and ascertain reason for visiting. Answer all calls to Branch promptly and assist accordingly. Direct customers to the appropriate team member. Use telephones to reach out to customers and verify order and account information. Resolve customer complaints via phone, email, mail, or social media. Advise on branch information, i.e., hours, location, etc. Work with Operations Manager to ensure proper customer service is being delivered. Assist with placement of orders, refunds, or exchanges. Qualifications (Knowledge/Skills/Abilities/Experience) Minimum 2 years of experience providing operations, sales and customer service support in a sales, retail or distribution environment. Ability to maintain a professional work environment at all times. Excellent interpersonal communication skills. High school diploma, general education degree or equivalent Ability to flex into the Warehouse as needed by Operations Team Knowledge of relevant computer applications, i.e., Outlook, Excel, etc. Building and product knowledge a plus. Physical requirements Stand, use hands, and reach with hands and arms. Walk, stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. Sit, climb or balance. Lift and/or move up to 110 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this position includes close vision, peripheral vision, and ability to adjust focus. Exposure to moving mechanical parts. Occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles. May be exposed to a wide range of temperatures. The noise level is usually loud. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions. About Emser: The Emser Tradition of Excellence Comes From its People... Since its establishment in 1968, Emser Tile has become the leading supplier of the world's finest tile and natural stone. Through our international production network and product development expertise, we offer myriad of possibilities that help retailers, contractors, homebuilders, commercial builders, architects & designers bring their ideas to life. Although Emser has grown rapidly, our on-going dedication to outstanding quality and service remains the hallmark of our success. Emser is always seeking knowledgeable, career-minded professionals to become a part of our team and help drive our growth and expansion into new and existing markets. When it comes to challenging and rewarding career opportunities, Emser is the place to be! As an Emser employee, you will enjoy healthcare coverage including medical, prescription drug, vision and dental care. Your financial well-being will be supported through our 401(k) plan. Moreover, we offer a challenging & rewarding professional work environment. Emser's employee benefits package also includes: Paid Vacation Time Paid Holidays Life Insurance AD&D Insurance Voluntary Long Term Disability Career Development: Emser provides ongoing opportunities for professional training, and encourages internal advancement and mobility.