Cloud Solutions Architect - 18000PUU Preferred Qualifications We are seeking an experienced Cloud Solutions Architect (SA) to provide exceptional technical design and thought leadership to key partners and customers that are moving workloads to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI). SAs provide proscriptive guidance for running workloads on Oracle Cloud compute, network, storage, database, container and serverless cloud environments. We are looking for experienced software engineers who are passionate about: Helping Independent Software Vendors (ISVs) partners and customers design and create cloud native architectures optimized for multitenant SaaS environments on OCI. Deep-dive technical discussions around design and architecture to solve our partners challenges in moving workloads to the cloud in a performant and cost-effective way. Drive proof of concepts engagements with partners, helping them create new cloud native designs and patters using new OCI container and serverless functions services. Use Terraform based automation to create Jump Start reference deployments of common building block services including network, compute, storage sub-systems. Help partners build automated Jump Start Solutions on OCI, so customers can deploy reference implementations on the cloud for demos, pilots through production. Be an Oracle cloud evangelist. Educate customers of all sizes on the value proposition of Oracle Cloud Infrastructure. Work with partners and customers to provide them with early access to new OCI services, working closely with the OCI feature teams, partners and customers. Define and deliver on-site technical engagements with partners and customers. This includes participating in on-site partner and customer visits, understanding their requirements and proposing and delivering custom solution engagements. Support ongoing projects with strategic Oracle partners to support their use of OCI with their SaaS based solutions. Work with OCI service owners to convey partner and customer needs and feedback as input to technology roadmaps. Required Qualifications Knowledge and experience in using public cloud services (Oracle, AWS, Azure, or GCE) Passion for infrastructure automation and scripting, experience using Terraform, CloudFormation, ARM, Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Bash and/or other popular scripting environments. Highly technical and analytical, possessing 5 or more years of cloud based solution engineering or software development working with customers or 3rd party partners. DevOps background, knowledge and experience using CICD, container and/or functions-based development and operations environments. Good understanding of software development life cycle (SDLC) and agile/iterative methodologies. Strong customer and partner skills to help them to understand new cloud native architectures, articulating trade-offs, best practices and risk mitigations. Analyze, design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software solutions for commercial applications. Establish credibility & build deep relationships with senior technical individuals within partner and customers to enable them to be OCI advocates. Excellent communication skills with an ability to right level conversations. Ability to present your architectures and reference deployments at sessions at Oracle, partner and industry conferences. BS level technical degree required; Computer Science or Math background preferred. Strong practical Linux and/or Windows-based systems administration skills in a Cloud or Virtualized environment. Detailed Description and Job Requirements Lead a team that acts as the central resource and driving force for the design, process, manufacturing, test, quality and marketing of product(s) as they move from conception to distribution. Organize interdepartmental activities ensuring completion of the project/product on schedule and within budget. As a member of the product development division, you will analyze and integrate external customer specifications. Suggest and justify product directions and specifications. Specify, design and implement moderate changes to existing software architecture. Build new products and development tools. Build and execute unit tests and unit test plans. Review integration and regression test plans created by QA. Communicate with QA and porting engineering to discuss major changes to functionality. Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 7 years of software engineering or related experience. Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.