Quality Engineer Requisition ID: 1808173 Description JOB SUMMARY Plan and conduct activities concerned with the quality control and quality assurance of industrial processes, materials, and products. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Design and install quality control process sampling systems, procedures, and statistical techniques. Design or specify inspection and testing mechanisms and equipment. Analyze production limitations and standards. Recommend revision of specifications when indicated. Formulate or assist in formulating quality control policies and procedures. Develop the economics of any quality control program when required. Devise sampling procedures and design and develop forms and instructions for recording, evaluating, and reporting quality and reliability data. Establish program to evaluate precision and accuracy of production equipment and testing, measurement, and analytical equipment and facilities. Perform quality engineering reviews of design documentation for compliance with stated requirements, including vendor quality manuals and company quality records. Apply statistical process control (SPC) methods for analyzing data to evaluate the current process and process changes. Review all purchased products or components and provide input to the decision to accept the product and future purchases from the vendor. Prepare reports to communicate involvement and results of quality activities. Prepare and present technical and program information to team members and management. Direct technical and administrative workers engaged in quality activities. Maintain a working knowledge of government and industry quality codes and standards. Perform other work related tasks as assigned. Comply with all NOV Company and HSE policies and procedures. Qualifications EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE QUALIFICATIONS Bachelors degree in Engineering field with 3 years manufacturing experience or 6 years manufacturing experience ISO9001 Quality management systems knowledge preferred Root Cause Analysis (8D, Cause and Effect, 5 Why) Previous experience leading teams in process improvements Experience auditing Management Systems a plus Job : Quality, Health, Safety and Environmental Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Job Job Posting :