ClearDATA is looking for a Security Analyst to ensure our current hosted offerings are monitored and security processes executed with the highest security standards. The Security Analyst will be responsible to support day- to-day security operations. This includes supporting and maintaining a range of information security services that monitor and ensures security and compliance for all customer and internal infrastructure. This person will work with the other operational entities to coordinate and facilitate adherence to ClearDATA security policies and procedures. He/she will work collaboratively with Security Engineers and operational managers. What You’ll Do: Analyze, monitor, and maintain ClearDATA customer and internal Security infrastructure and critical security operational processes. Act as point of contact for escalations and troubleshooting security infrastructure and process issues. Assist in development and interpretation of security policies to meet all ClearDATA compliancy agencies. Participate in security audits, risk analyses, and security reviews. Identify security issues and risks, develop mitigation plans. Assist in execution and fulfillment of all ClearDATA and customer vulnerability/pen-testing processes. Work within a diverse team of engineers to solve complex infrastructure and security issues and tasks. Drive patching of ClearDATA’s Windows and Linux environments. Monitor, execute, schedule and communicate information security tasks, events rends per ClearDATA ticket management processes.and t Assist in documentation of the information security program e.g. security checklists, operational playbooks, diagrams, etc. Work closely with team members to resolve customer security issues Analyze and tune the performance of information security systems Maintain information security systems and provide off-hour coverage as necessary. Administer vulnerability management, log management, privileged access management, incident handling, other key security infrastructure while enabling continuous process improvements. Assist other IT support teams to accomplish implementation of key security technology deployments as necessary Other Duties as assigned What You’ll Need: Familiarity with information security principles, standards, practices and multiple technical subject areas Proficiency with various network, host and application security protocols, tools and auditing packages Proficiency in system and application administration, software engineering and/or related technologies 3-5 years as a Security or Systems Analyst Administrator Knowledge of Enterprise level vulnerability/pen-test solutions Knowledge of Enterprise level SIEM solutions (e.g., Alert Logic, LogRhythm, Splunk) Knowledge of anti-virus or endpoint protection solutions (e.g., McAfee, Sophos, Trend) Experience with HIPAA/HITRUST, SSAE-16(SOC 2), PCI Firewall administration (Access Lists, NATs, WAF) IDS/IPS knowledge (administration, the creation of signatures) Experience with packet analysis (TCPDump, Wireshark) Familiar with ITIL principles of Incident Management Project participation – Agile project methodology experience a plus Must possess strong customer service attitude and interpersonal skills. Impeccable attention to detail, passion for processes and systems Must possess excellent written and verbal communication skills. Proven ability to execute multiple tasks efficiently and effectively. Ability to work effectively in a team environment. Ability to script/program using development languages (ex: Python, Ruby, Java, PowerShell, etc.) Demonstrated flexibility, organization, and self-motivation. What Will Make You Stand Out: Security a plus Healthcare experience preferred AWS/Azure/GCP Certification preferred Experience working in an AWS/Azure/GCP platform or VMWare Why You’ll Like Working Here: A dynamic company that rewards high-performers Be on the cutting edge of new technologies and services Collaborative team environment that values multiple perspectives and fresh thinking Servant leadership Management Casual dress code Flexible working hours Medical, Dental, Vision, HSA, Life and 401K Stock options Unlimited Vacation! ClearDATA is an EEO/AA employer M/F/V/D.