Sr. Big Data Engineer Our client has an immediate opening for a Sr. Big Data Engineer in the Chandler, AZ area. Sr. Big Data Engineer Help build a data pipeline and platform for our customer facing products. Work closely with data scientists to implement descriptive and predictive analytics. Explore new data technologies and advise the department on best practices. Daily Execution Excellence Work closely with developers, data scientists, and product managers to understand the questions that are being asked and how to answer them Build highly available, scalable and fault tolerant systems for batch and real-time data analysis Explore new technologies and how they might enhance our data solutions One Year and Beyond Build better tools/platforms to help developers take advantage of our data Build APIs to expose data and machine learning models for consumption Expertise If you can execute the work, you can do the job. That being said, we realize we likely need someone with… Strong programming ability Experience in building data lake in a cloud environment. Experience in building real time streaming data ingestion and processing pipeline using Kafka or Pub/Sub. Experience with data processing tools (e.g. Hadoop, Spark, Dataflow, etc.) Experience building ETL/ELT pipelines, familiar with Airflow. Ideally, you will possess… Ability to program in Python or Java Experience with Google BigQuery Good math skills Familiarity with machine learning concepts Experience as a team lead or other technical leader If you’re interested in and a strong fit for the above opportunity please provide your answers to the following questions: 1) Are you local (AZ)? 2) Are you currently working? 3) What is your availability to interview? How soon could you start if you were offered this position? 4) Are you a US Citizen? What is your citizenship status? 5) Do you have any upcoming vacations? 6) What are your annual salary requirements? What are your hourly wage requirements? 7) Are you seeking a contract, contract to hire, direct hire or are you open to all? 8) Phone number to reach you quickly for interview scheduling? 9) Are you currently interviewing? Do you have any other offers? US citizens and those authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor H1b candidates at this time. You must pass a background check and drug screen. We look forward to working with you! Thank you! Your PDS Team Productive Data Solutions, Inc. Web: http://www.pdsinc.com