The Financial Analysis team combines the functions of financial planning and data analysis. We take an end-to-end view of the business financially and operationally. The team is responsible for reporting cadence & dashboard development, budgeting & forecasting, long-term financial planning, risk management & pricing, company-wide business intelligence, and decision support for sales & operational business units. We use complex modeling to build connective tissue between raw data and financial performance. The Business Data Analyst will work in the business intelligence & consolidated data analysis segment of the team. This group is responsible for building out reports in the company’s BI tool, creating models related to the company’s sales & operations, and working closely with the executive team to forecast & monitor performance. The Analyst will support the Senior Director in the group as they work with the Accounting, Business Development & Marketing, and Operations teams to enhance the company’s end-to-end data and reporting. Well-qualified candidates will have experience organizing data in SQL & Excel and building dashboards in business intelligence tools (e.g., Tableau). This position will provide other ad hoc analyses and data as needed. This role provides opportunities to get involved with complex projects that touch a variety of different teams throughout the company, and will challenge you to use your analytical skills to solve problems creatively. The position reports to an Analytics Manager. Please note: This role is open to US candidates only. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: In-depth exploration of causes or trends to identify problems, opportunities and specific actions required Create and overhaul dashboards and underlying data structures to support the needs of various teams within the organization, including Business Development, Finance and Accounting, Operations, and Marketing Uncover new opportunities to optimize and drive the business through financial modeling, KPI definition, and business intelligence reporting Build and use financial models that simulate and forecast business elements; quantify uncertainty and statistical variance in projections/scenarios Support sales, finance and operational departments with ad hoc analysis and reporting Improve processes for current reporting, automation, frequency, efficiency, etc. Ensure integrity of financial models, reporting and databases KEY QUALIFICATIONS: 1-3 years of work experience as an analyst, or similar position Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field Advanced degree (i.e.: an MBA or Master's in an analytics-oriented field) is a plus Strong SQL and Python skills, as well as hands-on experience with reporting tools (Tableau, Adaptive Planning) are preferred OUR IDEAL CANDIDATE IS/HAS: Ability to draw conclusions from raw data then summarize results quickly and efficiently Experience working with large data volumes required Ability to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment Organized and detail oriented Strong writing and presentation skills SOME OF THE BENEFITS OF WORKING @ SQUARETRADE INCLUDE: Not feeling stuck! This team has exposure to many different parts of the business, making transitioning easy...we work on developing careers based on what people enjoy! Competitive salaries, benefits (medical, dental, vision), unlimited PTO, full 401k matching Respect for your work-life balance Free lunch and breakfast and unlimited snacks and drinks A paid volunteer day to give back to the community Discounted Gym memberships Company activities (from happy hours, winery trips, and picnics in the park to running a 5k) Who We Are: SquareTrade is the top-rated protection plan trusted by millions of happy customers and offered by top retailers including Amazon, Costco, Staples, Sam's Club and Target. We have more than 200,000 fans on Facebook, consistently win industry awards and have received tens of thousands of 5-star reviews. SquareTrade is growing year on year, and attracted the largest insurer-tech acquisitions in 2017, with a $1.4 billion purchase price by Allstate. The Team: http://www.squaretrade.com/leadership SquareTrade is an Equal Opportunity Employer and complies with the San Francisco FCO