Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Building 8 brings together world-class experts to develop and ship groundbreaking products at the intersection of hardware, software, and content. We have a clear mandate to deliver products at scale that define new categories and advance Facebook's mission of connecting the world. Our analytics team works closely with Product Managers, Product Analysts and Marketers to acquire and retain users and optimize the user experience — all while using massive amounts of data. In this role, you will see a direct link between your work, company growth, and user satisfaction. You will be working with some of the brightest minds in the industry, and you'll get an opportunity to solve some of the most challenging business problems at a scale that few companies can match. This is a full-time position based in our office in Menlo Park. RESPONSIBILITIES Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches. Manage data warehouse plans for a product or a group of products. Interface with engineers, product managers and product analysts to understand data needs. Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities. Build data expertise and own data quality for allocated areas of ownership. Design, build and launch new data extraction, transformation and loading processes in production. Support existing processes running in production. Define and manage SLA for all data sets in allocated areas of ownership. Work with data infrastructure to triage infra issues and drive to resolution. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS BS/BA in a technical field, Computer Science or Mathematics. 4+ years experience in the data warehouse space. 4+ years experience in custom ETL design, implementation and maintenance. 4+ years experience working with either a MapReduce or an MPP system. 4+ years experience with schema design and dimensional data modeling. 4+ years experience in writing SQL statements. Experience analyzing data to identify deliverables, gaps and inconsistencies. Communication experience including experience identifying and communicating data driven insights. Experience managing and communicating data warehouse plans to internal clients. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 4+ years experience using Python or Java.