DescriptionThe Application Administrator II is an application design and configuration analyst for vendor-purchased and NMHC developed applications. Acts as liaison with designated department super users, application vendors, educators, and support staff regarding application upgrades, service requests, and optimization. The Application Administrator II will generally focus on one primary area of expertise, often being cross-trained on a related application. Application focus areas include: patient access, revenue cycle, clinical, ancillary department and/or administrative or corporate applications. This position will function as an application team member, often taking work direction from the IT Application Administrator Lead or IT Project Manager. The Application Administrator II works closely with the IT Resource Educators and in conjunction with Infrastructure Services staff and Customer Support staff to maintain, optimize and support the application system environment. Works closely with the application and infrastructure staff to support IT security policy and procedures. Accountabilities: Proactively participates in IT workflow processes including 1) Incident and Problem Management, 2) IT Service Request Management, 3) Change Control Management and 4) IT Project Management. Analyzes customer support issues to identify application and system problems and possible solutions in a timely and accurate manner. Works closely with IT Systems Analysts, IT Resource Educators, and IT Customer Support staff to provide application support. Accurately translates business requirements to detail-level system specifications and evaluates against current system capabilities. Accountable for application configuration during application installation, implementation, enhancements, and roll-out. May perform basic project planning and management. Understands workflows with the objective to provide application and Reporting Workbench reports to meet business owner needs. Works with Measurement & Reporting staff to align workflows for Clarity/BOE reports. Participates in downtime, communication and recovery process activities for application environments. Plans and documents test scripts, executes, and tracks results of testing programs in support of application processes and quality control. As Access Control Administrator for assigned applications, grants, revokes or changes computer access as requested and approved per North Memorial policies and procedures.RequirementsBased upon individual qualifications, we are also willing to consider candidates for either a Senior Application Administrator position or a Application Admin 1 position. Qualifications for each of these levels follows: Application Administrator I BA/BS in information technology or healthcare related field or an Associates degree with 3 years of related experience. Application Administrator II BA/BS in information technology, healthcare or related business or a Certified/Associate degree with 5 years of related application use with business or healthcare work experience. Minimum of 3 years in a healthcare related field, using information technology in daily operations. Senior Application Administrator BA/BS in information technology or related field plus a minimum 5 years experience in a healthcare related field or an equivalent level of experience and education. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Demonstrated analytical critical thinking skills for process development or problem resolution. Demonstrated customer service methodology and accountability. Knowledge of healthcare processes and application system coordination. • Knowledge of database structure and reporting techniques and tools. License Requirement• Epic Willow, Beacon, or WAMB certification preferred; Preferred Pharmacist or pharmacy tech background. Certified training, followed by demonstrated competency certification in applicable software within six (6) weeks of class completion. NMHC Standard