Description: POSITION SUMMARY: As a Distribution Center Technician, you will be responsible for receiving, storing, replenishing, picking, cycle counting and delivering medical/non- medical supplies and equipment to the various Children's Health System of Texas (CHST) campuses and offsite clinics/offices. You will use our Materials Management Information System (Tecsys and/or Lawson) and hand-held bar code readers. You will also be responsible for accepting and processing customer returns; maintaining a clean and clutter free workspace, to include shipping/ receiving dock and all storage locations; and processing emergency requests for stocked material. JOB SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES: Receiving: Retrieve incoming materials, supplies and equipment delivered to the Distribution Center (DC) or directly to each campus from external suppliers. Identify correct supply item and quantity. Compare product documentation with the actual products delivered to verify accuracy of shipment, identifying overage and shortages and resolving discrepancies with receiving staff and / or buyers. Segregate material for delivery and stock location storage and complete all required transaction data entry Put away/Storage: Place delivered supply into their assigned storage location utilizing first-in first-out rotation. Perform dated item management. Replenishment: Retrieve materials from secondary storage location and restock to the primary storage location. Identify correct supply item and quantity. Verify accuracy of transaction, perform general housekeeping of storage locations. Picking: Retrieve materials from primary storage locations utilizing the handheld RF scanners and stage in the appropriate shipping containers. Stage outbound orders per the SOP in preparation for shipping. Perform general housekeeping of storage locations. Shipping/Delivery: Scan the staged material from the dock into its assigned trailer. Deliver direct delivery items to the applicable receiving locations utilizing applicable delivery vehicles. Inventory: Perform as-required cycle counts and scheduled physical inventories MHE: Distribution Center technicians must complete the Material Handling Equipment training and complete the certification within 60 days of employment. Must be able to utilize applicable MHE during task completion. Returns: Return supplies / equipment according to established timeframes and entering the return information on the appropriate forms. Operating Room (OR) Supply Chain Technicians: Assist OR Supply Chain manager in identifying when potential cost savings opportunities exist. Obtain OR Supply Chain manager's approval prior to requisitioning new products and equipment. Perform projects for OR Supply Chain manager related to OR Supply Chain management and other duties as assigned. Facilitate and coordinate timely repair of instrumentation, and other equipment with CMC Biomed and outside vendors. Ensure compliance with all employment requirements such as periodic employee health matters, training and education, etc. Assist with and provide guidance to volunteers and interns in the management of supplies. Perform physical inventories of supplies as needed. EXPERIENCE: Minimum 1-2 years of job related warehousing or distribution center experience Experience with Material Handling Equipment (pallet jacks, reach trucks, cherry pickers) required Experience with RF scanners required Experience with Warehouse Management Systems, especially TecSys preferred Must have previous experience with “off-shift” working hours EDUCATION: High school diploma or equivalent required; additional training beyond high school, required. LICENSES AND CERTIFICATIONS: Valid Driver's License, required. MHE Certification within 60 days of hire for Distribution Center Technicians required SPECIFIC KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES: Maintain effectiveness when experiencing major changes in work responsibilities or environment; adjust effectively to work within new work structures, processes, requirements, or cultures. Use appropriate interpersonal styles to establish effective relationships with customers and internal partners; interact with others in a way that promotes openness and trust and gives them confidence in one's intentions. Meet patient and patient family needs; take responsibility for a patient's safety, satisfaction, and clinical outcomes; use appropriate interpersonal techniques to resolve difficult patient situations and regain patient confidence. Ensure that the customer perspective is a driving force behind business decisions and activities; craft and implement service practices that meet customers' and own organization's needs. Develop and use collaborative relationships to facilitate the accomplishment of work goals. Identify and understand issues, problems, and opportunities; compare data from different sources to draw conclusions; use effective approaches for choosing a course of action or developing appropriate solutions; take action that is consistent with available facts, constraints, and probable consequences. Take prompt action to accomplish objectives; take action to achieve goals beyond what is required; be proactive. Deal effectively with others in an antagonistic situation; use appropriate interpersonal styles and methods to reduce tension or conflict between two or more people. Effectively manage one's time and resources to ensure that work is completed efficiently. Accomplish tasks by considering all areas involved, no matter how small; showing concern for all aspects of the job; accurately checking processes and tasks; being watchful over a period. Set high standards of performance for self and others; assume responsibility and accountability for successfully completing assignments or tasks; self- impose standards of excellence rather than having standards imposed. Assimilate and apply new job-related information in a timely manner. Clearly convey information and ideas through a variety of media to individuals or groups in a manner that engages the audience and helps them understand and retain the message. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: Heavy - Exerting 50-60 lbs. occasionally, 25-50 lbs. frequently, or up to 10-20 constantly.