Machine Learning Using R – Los Angeles, CA Overview The Department of Digital Technology offers a wide variety of certificate programs and courses including post-baccalaureate credit-bearing (400-level), continuing education (CEU) credit, and non-credit bearing general interest courses. Course disciplines cybersecurity, data science and applications programming subject areas. UCLA Extension courses and certificate programs offer students the opportunity to learn from highly qualified practitioners who hold advanced degrees and are passionate about teaching and can impart knowledge within their field of expertise. Applications to teach are accepted throughout the year in order to fill immediate program needs and to increase the depth of the instructor pool. Current Job Posting The current opening is for our Machine Learning Using R course. Qualified applicants possessing current knowledge and teaching experience in this area are encouraged to apply (teaching experience is not required). Course Description: This course focuses on machine learning, which is concerned with algorithms that transform information into actionable intelligence. This field is made possible due to the rapid and simultaneous evolution of available data, statistical methods and computing power. The machine learning language, R, is a cross-platform, zero-cost statistical programming environment, which offers a powerful but easy-to-learn set of tools that can assist students with finding data insights. Students learn the origins and practical applications of machine learning, how knowledge is defined and represented by computers, and the basic concepts that differentiate machine learning approaches. Machine learning algorithms can be divided into two main groups: supervised learners that are used to construct predictive models, and unsupervised learners that are used to build descriptive models. Students learn the classification, numeric predictor, pattern detection and clustering algorithms. Students learn to train a model, evaluate its performance, and improve its performance. Algorithm uses are illustrated with real-world cases, such as breast cancer diagnosis, spam filtering, identifying bank loan risk, predicting medical expenses, estimating wine quality, identifying groceries frequently purchased together, and finding teen market segments. This course is held in Loa Angeles, CA. Classes held in person meet once a week for 10 weeks - weekday evenings generally 6:30 – 10 p.m. Specific Instructor Duties Develop and/or update course syllabus in consultation with the UCLA Extension Program Director as assigned using approved syllabus template Prepare and deliver course materials and learning assessments in assigned format (face-to-face; online or hybrid) Utilize the Canvas Learning Management System as the course support platform in face-to-face courses and as the delivery platform in online and hybrid courses. Communicate Teaching Objectives and Specific Learning Outcomes to students and review the grading policies of the course Evaluate student achievement of Specific Learning Outcomes and assign grades Post final student grades to the transcript system in a timely manner no later than 2 weeks after the last date of course meeting Respond to student questions and learning needs in a timely manner Communicate with Program Director, Program Representatives and Online Course Managers in a timely manner Complete required administrative tasks in a timely manner including: completing all hiring paperwork; completing Canvas training, submitting updated quarterly syllabus; sending us a bio and photo to post on the UCLA Extension website; signing quarterly contract; ordering required texts; communicating AV and classroom needs. Employ culturally competent teaching methodologies in the classroom inclusive of both domestic and international student populations Respond to student inquiries about final grades and consult with Program Director as needed Allow students to review their final exams/papers for up to 13 months following the last class session Minimum Qualifications Minimum BS degree in computer science, information technology or computer engineering and at least five years of relevant work experience. College-level teaching experience preferred Experience designing curriculum and measuring student performance preferred Must be committed to the highest level of academic standards and integrity Highly effective oral and written communication skills, including the ability to convey conceptual and complex ideas and information Highly effective interpersonal skills Proficiency in (or willingness to learn) the use of instructional technology and online teaching tools Current participation in professional associations Special Conditions of Employment Instructors are hired on a quarterly contract basis. Instructor compensation for this course: $2500 for 10 weeks of instruction. Because Extension is a division within UCLA, all Extension Program instructors and courses must be formally approved according to the regulations of the Academic Senate of the University of California. Eligibility to teach a course is contingent upon this formal academic approval. Once approved, teaching assignments are “by agreement.” The Instructor's Contract outlines the deliverables for the course, the course schedule, and the compensation terms, subject to Extension policies and procedures. UCLA Extension makes no commitment to hire an instructor until it has sent and received a signed Instructor Contract. Should the course section an instructor plans to teach be canceled for any reason, the Instructor Contract, including rights to compensation for future section meetings, is voided. Remuneration is for classroom hours only and does not include time spent for course preparation or other events. In an effort to promote and maintain a healthy environment for our students, visitors, and employees, UCLA is a smoke-free site. Smoking is prohibited within the boundaries of all UCLA owned, occupied, leased, and associated buildings and facilities. UCLA Extension is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values a diverse workforce