This is your opportunity to join the Audience Research team at Woodland Park Zoo. Applications are now being accepted for one, full-time, benefited position. As part of the zoo?s dynamic Learning Innovation Department, the Lead Learning Facilitator will work with the Audience Research Supervisor to support the development and implementation of research and evaluation projects for programs, exhibits, guest experiences and zoo-wide initiatives. The person in this position will collaborate with teams across the zoo to plan and conduct evaluation projects, including developing evaluation plans, designing instruments, supporting the research review process, assisting with data collection, conducting quantitative and qualitative data analysis, and providing recommendations through written and verbal reports. This role will also coordinate data collection calendars and support the creation and implementation of evaluation capacity-building opportunities for zoo staff and volunteers. A competitive applicant will be an effective communicator and critical thinker who thrives in a fast-paced collaborative work environment. They will be able to apply research, social science or evaluation practices in an informal learning environment and develop evaluation plans, instruments, and data analysis strategies. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Lead program and project development and implementation processes and teams Develop and evaluate curricula, programs, activities, projects, props and interpretive elements Facilitate and present engaging programs and experiences to audiences of all ages on and off zoo grounds Under direction of supervisor/manager work on the development, facilitation and evaluation of training programs and activities. Facilitate trainings or training elements as appropriate. Provide feedback on curriculum, program and activities Collect and organize data and statistics, and prepare reports Maintain program props, materials and supply inventories in accordance with program budgets. Stock, clean and organize props and materials for programs Perform logistical support duties to include booking and organizing rooms and resources, registering participants, processing payments, scheduling activities and maintaining records and databases Transport program participants, materials and resources Lead and mentor Learning Facilitators, Associates, volunteers and interns and coordinate their work and daily task schedules. Research content and write articles, blog posts, fliers, publications, grant narrative information, communications/interpretive materials and other promotional and support materials Provide customer service information and assistance to the public, staff and volunteers. Provide crowd control, group management and rectify minor customer issues, complaints and disputes. Identify and recommend policy and process improvements to supervisors/managers. Facilitate meetings, including developing agendas, facilitating inclusive participation, building consensus, resolving conflicts and capturing notes. Support supervisory team in maintenance of internal and external partnerships Lead and assist with donor and partner cultivation activities, including (but not limited to) tours, materials and events Collaborate with Education Research staff to develop and implement program evaluation plans. Apply evaluation findings to achieve program improvements Perform other duties as assigned SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES This job has no supervisory responsibilities. QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work with a variety of people from different backgrounds and abilities (visitors, volunteers, teachers, administrators and staff, etc.) Highly organized, detail oriented and efficient with excellent administrative and time management skills Ability to prioritize workload and schedules in a fast-paced environment with multiple agendas Ability to manage multiple tasks and projects with high energy and creative problem-solving skills Ability to anticipate needs and challenges, take initiative, ask questions, and provide solutions to achieve department and organization objectives Ability to work effectively as a team member, and independently with little supervision Adaptable to changing environments, operational protocols and business situations Highly professional public presence and strong customer service orientation Ability to work a non-standard/flexible schedule, which may include weekends, some evenings and holidays Commitment to the mission of the zoo and the institutions? Core Values EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE A minimum of four years combined education and experience in developing and facilitating engaging, inclusive experiences for a variety of audiences; and implementing and evaluating trainings and programs. Experience with a zoo, aquarium, museum, early childhood center, park or other informal education organization preferred. COMPUTER SKILLS Proficient and experienced with Microsoft Office applications; particularly Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook. Must be able to work with customized databases and technology, and conduct Internet research. CUSTOMER SERVICE SKILLS Must be enthusiastic and customer service oriented and deal with clients in a courteous and professional manner. Enjoy working with the public including diverse populations and people of all ages. LANGUAGE SKILLS Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write curriculum, routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively to a variety of audiences including young children, families, adults and before groups of zoo employees The ability to speak another language in addition to English is highly valued. MATHEMATICAL ABILITY Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals. REASONING ABILITY Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds while handling, lifting, and storing program supplies, kits, and bulk food supplies. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to sit. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl while setting up displays, transporting class props and materials. WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to outdoor weather conditions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate to loud. Application Directions: Cover letter and resume are required when applying for this position. Applications are only accepted online through our Jobs page at www.zoo.org No phone calls please APPLICATION DEADLINE: Applications are due prior to 12:00 AM on the posted Close date (i.e. by 11:59 PM the evening before). _Woodland Park Zoo is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, dedicated to a policy of non-discrimination in employment on any basis including race, color, age, sex, religion, national origin, disability, veteran?s status, sexual orientation, or gender identity/expression._