Viome is a wellness as a service company that applies artificial intelligence and machine learning to biological data – e.g., microbiome, transcriptome and metabolome data – to provide personalized recommendations for healthy living. We are a small, interdisciplinary and passionate team of experts in biochemistry, microbiology, medicine, artificial intelligence and machine learning. We are seeking Wellness Specialist with clinical experience who is passionate about helping Viome’s customers receive nutritional recommendations as derived from the results of their microbiome metatranscriptome. This role will be part of the translational care team, and work directly with our customer base and customer support team to answer inquiries, collect feedback and continually improve the Viome user experience. This person will also help test software as time permits. This is as full-time position at our offices in Mountain View, CA. Responsibilities: Review, validate, and release customer results, which include nutritional and supplement recommendations. Track and follow up on special circumstances Identify and troubleshoot aberrancies in the nutritional platform as new information is released Provide support to Engineering, AI and Customer support teams on matters relating to nutrition Capture and systemize feedback in order to continuously improve our product Monitor customer service platform for inquiries relating to recommendations Track Customer Service concerns Provide internal feedback that will be used to modify the presentation or content of recommendations Assist in development and modification of Customer Service protocols Maintain a high level of professionalism with customers consistent with Viome’s science Required Qualifications: 2-3 years experience in clinical environment as a Registered Nurse, Nurse Practitioner, or Naturopath( minimum Bachelor’s degree) Functional Medicine/Nutrition training Adhere to HIPAA regulations Strong oral and written communications skills with solid command of English Must have strong knowledge of nutritional trends as they relate to wellness and illness Open-mindedness to nutritional plans/preferences Adaptability to incorporating new information Must have strong prioritization/organizational skills Willingness to assist with work outside of these guidelines, as situations and skill sets dictate Fluency in spreadsheets and other office suite software Preferred Qualifications: Coaching experience Minimum 5 years of experience in a relevant field Viome is 100+ person start-up offering a successful commercial product that has generated high demand. With offices in California, New Mexico, New York and Washington we are looking to hire team members capable of working in dynamic environments, who have a positive attitude and enjoy working collaboratively. If you have the skills and are excited about Viome’s mission, we’d love to hear from you.