Position Description What started small, with a single discount store and the simple idea of selling more for less, has grown over the last 50 years into the largest retailer in the world. Today, nearly 260 million customers visit our more than 11,500 stores under 72 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce sites in 11 countries each week. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs 2.3 million associates worldwide – 1.5 million in the U.S. alone. It’s all part of our unwavering commitment to creating opportunities and bringing value to customers and communities around the world. Overview: We are looking for a highly-skilled data expert to help guide Sam’s Club Technology’s data engineering and data governance efforts. This will be a challenging role that will require the ability to manage massive volumes and varieties of data. This role will also need an individual capable of identifying data gaps, addressing these data gaps, augmenting existing data assets, and creating new data assets. Those taking on this challenge will be part of a growing team working in a startup-like environment. The most successful candidates will not only be hands-on, but they will also have the ability to provide technical leadership and mentorship. The results of this challenging role will positively influence efforts in the areas of Merchandising, Marketing, Search, Data Science, etc. Position Description: Directs coordination between large projects and the technical execution plan Drives the execution of multiple business plans and projects Ensures business needs are being met Leads system design process and solution development Leads technical strategy implementation efforts Maintains and advances industry expertise Oversees developmental opportunities of associates Promotes and supports company policies, procedures, mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity Provides supervision and development opportunities for associates Minimum Qualifications Bachelor s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field and 7 years experience in information technology or related field within the last 11 years OR 9 years experience in information technology or related field within the last 11 years. Additional Preferred Qualifications Desired / Preferred Qualifications: Core experience in data architecture and data movement Core competency of programming, data structures, and algorithms ETL experience across different platforms Teradata, DB2, SQL, or Oracle experience Big Data – Hadoop experience Cassandra/NoSQL experience Programming (Java/Python) experience Hands-on abilities w/ logical and physical design of data Company Summary What started small, with a single discount store and the simple idea of selling more for less, has grown over the last 50 years into the largest retailer in the world. Today, nearly 260 million customers visit our more than 11,500 stores under 72 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce sites in 11 countries each week. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs 2.3 million associates worldwide – 1.5 million in the U.S. alone. It’s all part of our unwavering commitment to creating opportunities and bringing value to customers and communities around the world.