Overview The Orchard is an independent music and film distribution company distributing music from artists such as AWOLNATION, Kelsea Ballerini, and Skepta as well as films like Cannes Grand Prix Winner BPM (Beats Per Minute), and Sundance Jury Prize winner Dina, and The Hero. With our industry-leading technology and operations, we partner with companies of all sizes to make their music, films and videos available across hundreds of digital outlets and physical retailers around the world. At The Orchard, the focus is to provide a comfortable, social and engaging environment to encourage productivity and creativity. The Orchard is looking for a Data Engineer to join our NYC (East Village) development team. Responsibilities Create and maintain systems to load and transform very large data sets from digital media retailers (iTunes, Spotify, YouTube, etc) as well as social media sources. Work with a cross-functional team to create data-driven insights and reports for business stakeholders. Work with the Software Engineering team to create customer-facing analytics tools and visualizations. Deliver hundreds of million of rows of analytics to end users daily. Take advantage of our continuous integration and deployment Participate in technical design and peer review for new projects Qualifications Experience with AWS ecosystem. Some preferred services are Redshift, RDS, S3, SWF. Proven experience with ETL frameworks (Airflow, Luigi, or our own open sourced garcon). Expertise with at least one distributed data store (Redshift, Cassandra, Snowflake). Familiarity with noSQL technologies (mongoDB, DynamoDB). Proficient in scripting language of choice. Python is strongly preferred, PHP a plus. Highly proficient in writing SQL for a relational datastore (MySQL, PostgreSQL). Knowledge of technologies that can deal with Big Data is a Big Plus (Kafka, Spark, Hive, Hadoop/MapReduce). Ability to write automated tests (unit, functional, and integration) to ensure code works as expected. Desire to collaborate with other engineers through peer code reviews. Deep understanding of data structures and schema design. Detail-oriented, proactive problem solving skills. The Orchard is a pioneering music, film and video distribution company operating in more than 30 global markets. With a holistic approach to sales and marketing combined with industry-leading technology and operations, The Orchard amplifies reach and revenue across hundreds of digital, physical and mobile outlets around the world. The Orchard streamlines content owners' business complexity with an intuitive client dashboard, comprehensive rights management and tailored client support. Founded in 1997, The Orchard empowers businesses and creators in the entertainment industry. For further information, please visit www.theorchard.com. _The Orchard is committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of age, disability, national origin, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, veteran or military status, genetic information or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, or local law._