R57313 Data Analytics & Burn Cycle Time Program Manager (Consultant, Project/Program Management) – Austin, TX Dell provides the technology that transforms the way we all work and live. But we are more than a technology company — we are a people company. We inspire, challenge and respect every one of our over 100,000 employees. We also provide them with unparalleled growth and development opportunities. We can’t wait for you to discover this for yourself as a Program Manager on our Data Analytics & Burn Cycle Time team in Austin. Innovative projects that deliver cutting edge results do not run themselves. Project and Program Management within Business Support ensure projects run seamlessly, from start to finish. Our team manages projects or leads others managing projects — ensuring cross-functional teams work collaboratively and effectively. We oversee initial plans, set budgets, track project activities and communicate milestones to key stakeholders. Key Responsibilities Responsible for managing the portfolio of Burn Cycle Time improvement projects across Client, Server and Storage & Solutions Responsible for reporting our Burn Cycle Time metrics to leadership and explaining the results, challenges & mitigation plans Collaborate with internal team to develop requirements for new Burn Cycle Time process insights through Data Analytics internal development roadmap Responsible for planning, guiding and coordinating the activities of matrixed individuals working on the projects within the assigned program as well as coordinating multiple project managers dedicated to a common project or a small number of large/highly complex customer projects/deliverables. Responsible for worldwide deployment and execution of cross-functional programs throughout the product/solution lifecycle. Work with cross-functional core teams to develop and introduce products and solutions for customers while developing and improving business processes. Essential Requirements Master’s degree in Business Administration, Engineering, IT or related field of study with minimum 4 years of experience The employer will alternatively accept a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Engineering, IT or related field of study plus 6 years of experience in the job offered or 6 years of experience as Software Engineer or related occupation in lieu of a Master’s degree plus 4 years of experience Requires experience with: Scheduling & Task Management (MS Project) Quality Management using Business Process Improvement (BPI) or Six Sigma Software development lifecycle (SDLC) processes such as waterfall, agile or iterative, products/solutions areas and customer needs and usage Excel pivot tables, charts, Fishbone and Pareto charts Program/project specific documents such as theory of operation/system requirement specifications document (SRS), test requirement specifications (TRD) and product requirement specification (PRD) Programming languages such as Python and scripting/testing languages (XML, HTML, Junit etc.) Negotiation on scheduling and issue ownership Benefits We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment. If you share our passion for data and you’re keen to play a key role in driving progress, this is your opportunity to develop with Dell. Closing date: Sept 2018 _Company Description_ _With more than 100,000 team members globally, we promote an environment that is rooted in the entrepreneurial spirit in which the company was founded. Dell’s team members are committed to serving our communities, regularly volunteering for over 1,500 non-profit organizations. The company has also received many accolades from employer of choice to energy conservation. Our team members follow an open approach to technology innovation and believe that technology is essential for human success._ _Why work with us?_ _Life at Dell means collaborating with dedicated professionals with a passion for technology_ _When we see something that could be improved, we get to work inventing the solution_ _Our people demonstrate our winning culture through positive and meaningful relationships_ _We invest in our people and offer a series of programs that enables them to pursue a career that fulfills their potential_ _Our team members’ health and wellness is our priority as well as rewarding them for their hard work_ _Benefits_ _We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment._ _Dell_ _is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate._ _Dell_ _will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics_. _Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell_ _here_ _._ _Come join us! For More Information , visit us on the web at_ _www.dell.com/careers_ LIPriority