At McKinstry, we’re proud to be a collective group of innovators and problem solvers, builders and engineers, mentors and students. We strive to create a safe and engaging work environment that empowers you to do the work you are passionate about. We believe deeply that energy and facility services, engineering and construction are revolutionizing the built environment – and if you’re driven by our mission to transform ideas into meaningful relationships and together, build a thriving planet, McKinstry may be the place for you. Total collaboration and a diverse, employee-centric work experience are what we can provide you. Integrated delivery and true consultative partnership are what you will help us provide for our clients. Our culture is what differentiates us and because of this, we seek exceptional talent that believes what we believe. Here's where you come in: We are currently seeking a Director of IT Operations to join our team as a member of our growing Infrastructure division. You're great at : _Strategy and Operations_ : Assume this position will take overall responsibility for managing and building appropriate support/development-security teams (and members) and helping the Technology organization better align with the business. The Director will develop and communicate a clear vision for IT Operational excellence at McKinstry. Will manage project teams consisting of direct reports and members of other groups/departments, daily production operations support staff and may have managers as direct reports. Lead operational and strategic planning of aligned systems area(s), including fostering innovation, planning projects, standardizing/streamlining work processes and organizing and negotiating the allocation of technical and human capital resources. Oversee all day to day technology infrastructure operations, including all hardware (such as servers, PCs, telephones) and foundational software (such as operating systems VMware, Microsoft Office 365, Bluebeametc.) as well as general IT networking and peripheral security. Map the current IT ecosystem, evaluate existing technology, conduct needs assessment, evaluate new systems, and recommend technical solutions to redefine the IT ecosystem. Oversee all phases of IT Infrastructure projects from conception to completion. Responsible for systems implementation, developing IT Standard Operating Procedures based on industry best practices and ensuring uniform deployment of updates. Provide expertise and support during systems upgrades, installations, conversions, migrations, and maintenance. Coordinate with IT vendors and consultants, including contract and vendor management to ensure all projects are completed on time, on a budget, and on spec. Develop and control IT operations budget and report on expenditures. Forecast costs, equipment and personnel needs for service and program areas. Devise and establish IT policies and systems, including information architecture, security, disaster recovery, best practices, and service provision, providing written protocols and guidance to staff and end-users. Oversee provision of end-user services, including help desk and technical support services. Ensure security of website, network and backup systems. Will lead McKinstry’s move to the cloud – embracing and implementing industry best practices to maximize our Microsoft, Viewpoint, Autodesk and InfoCentre platforms. Keep current with the latest emerging technologies/industry trends. _Acquisition and Deployment:_ Manage fiscal responsibilities of the group team including visibility into IT assets and configurations across the enterprise. The IT Operations Director will facilitate the standardization of hardware, mobile and desktop platforms backend infrastructure in the best interest of McKinstry’s business units. Develop business case justifications and cost/benefit analyses for application infrastructure systems spending and initiatives. Develop and implement (as part of IT Leadership) appropriate technology policies and procedures, including those for architecture, security, disaster recovery and business continuity. Negotiate and administer vendor and consultant contracts and service agreements. _Management:_ Benchmark, analyze, report, and make recommendations for the improvement and growth of McKinstry technology infrastructure, operations, and systems – enabling the organization to efficiently scale and employees to work in a cloud-enabled, mobile workplace where information is available anywhere, anytime on virtually any device. Purposeful outreach and connecting to other departments and regions to ensure the sharing of information and best practices. Coordinate and manage process improvement efforts. initiated by members of your team. Manage staffing, including supervision, scheduling, development, evaluation, and disciplinary actions. Act as steward of McKinstry culture: communicate and influence policies and procedures. Sets and measures goals for team. _Operational Management:_ Manage the deployment, monitoring, maintenance, development, upgrade, and support of foundational IT systems. Oversee provision of end-user services, including help desk and technical support services. Defines requirements for new technology infrastructure implementations. Manage ITtechnology infrastructure assets. Partners with decision makers in aligned departments to identify, recommend, develop, implement, and support cost-effective technology solutions for all aspects of the organization. Direct research on potential technology solutions and stay informed on new technologies. What we would like to see from you: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering or equivalent work experience required. 7 years of experience as a Technology Manager with significant IT operations and infrastructure emphasis required. Track record of introducing positive IT operational changes, developing teams focused on continuous improvement, implementing and removing obstacles, questioning the status quo required. 5 or more years of management expertise leading a mission-critical technology or business area required. Considered a subject matter expert in infrastructural, operational or systems area(s) required. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office365 Suite – SharepointSharePoint, Teams, Word, Excel, Skype for Business, PowerPoint, Outlook required. Advanced knowledge of VMware and SD-WAN required. Extensive working experience in information security required. Strategic planning and strong project management experience is a must required. Excellent written and verbal communication skills required. Excellent analytical and organizational skills required. High degree of expertise in multitasking and time management required. Ability to work within a fast-paced team-oriented environment required. Willingness to be on-call 24/7 for emergency needs/concern required. Physical Demands and Work Environment 10% travel per year. On-call availability. Sitting for extended periods of time. Dexterity of hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, power tools, and to handle other computer components. The McKinstry group of companies are equal opportunity employers. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and qualified applicants without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, race, color, creed, marital status, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other basis protected by law. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment including, but not limited to employment, advancement, assignment, and training. McKinstry is committed to strengthening our diversity through recruiting and retaining minority and women professionals from all backgrounds. Our commitment is consistent with our recognition that it is the outstanding people within McKinstry who have always been the source of our strength. We recognize that promoting diversity is an integral component of our continuing quest for organizational excellence. This commitment to Equal Employment Opportunity is made equally as a social responsibility and as an economic and business necessity. McKinstry is a drug-free workplace. Employment is contingent upon successfully passing a pre-employment drug and alcohol test, complying with the requirements of the Immigration Reform and Control Act and a Confidentiality Agreement, in addition to successful outcomes of background and reference checks. Anyone with questions or concerns regarding Equal Employment Opportunity should contact their direct supervisor or the Human Resources Department without fear of retaliation of any kind. Back Share Apply Now