The Data Design Creative Specialist, helps communicate ideas and information in a way that is engaging and visually appealing, bringing key data insights to life. The role has a strong focus on creating data visualizations and infographics within presentation and design software – a combination of storytelling and powerful design. The expectation for this role is to collaborate with Client Service, offshore partners and Operations to create client ready visually impactful reports with accurate data. KEY OUTCOMES Utilizes Microsoft Office as well as some design tools and software to develop creative custom presentations and templates with primary market research data including charts and diagrams. Adheres to Kantar brand guidelines and standards on all deliverables, while adding custom flair based on the project Consults with clients as well as Client Service teams and proactively makes suggestions for data layout, charts, aesthetics and clarity. Ability to create custom designs, diagrams and charts from a written creative brief and/or meeting Demonstrates confidence and design expertise by utilizing probing questions within creative brief meetings to unlock all necessary background information for a successful design. Ability to quickly and actively brainstorm with client service and others during briefing meetings Finds simple solutions to big problems, caring not only about making things look fantastic but also be a passionate storyteller who can engage people in a clear and concise way. Schedules & Leads meetings with Client Service. Collaborates with Client Service on the documentation of the needs of a project. Coordinates with our offshore partners to ensure all reports are produced in a timely and accurate manner. Partners with Automation/Efficiency team to ensure all deliverables are set up as efficiently as possible. Autonomously and effectively manages assigned projects within specified timelines. Monitors deliverable schedules, communicates timing issues/delays with manager and internal departments. Acts as a subject matter expert on software and tools related to data delivery, particularly within PowerPoint and other potential tools for delivering data to clients. Open to collaborative design efforts and be comfortable building upon the work of others and allowing others to build upon their own work. Able to leverage feedback from multiple stakeholders and arrive at effective design solutions. Must be ready to balance client’s goals and constraints with creative desires and opportunities. Proven ability to manage and execute against multiple projects, and work efficiently against tight deadlines; ability to stay on the edge of the latest technologies and trends in the interactive space. CAPABILITIES Bachelor's degree in Graphic Design or related study Mid-Level, experience with visual layout and design Some experience in project management or data visualization fields preferred Capacity for both analytical and creative thinking Experience with preparing and/or working with data for analysis preferred Strong oral and written communication skills Strong skills in Adobe CS6 (particularly Illustrator, InDesign, and Photoshop) Strong Microsoft Office skills, specifically PowerPoint, Excel and Word Ability to understand and anticipate the client's needs Strong work ethic and organizational skills Ability to multi-task and prioritize competing deadlines and tasks Solution-oriented, proactive and team spirited Confident in your ideas, but open to taking on board feedback and willing to learn from others