As the multi-specialty group practice for the faculty of the University of Minnesota Medical School, University of Minnesota Physicians has more than 950 physicians and 1,600 health professionals, providing clinical care in over 100 specialty and sub-specialty areas. Our mission is three-fold: delivering exceptional patient care, advancing medicine through research, and training the next generation of health professionals. The Senior Technical Architect is responsible for enterprise IT application support, application architecture, analysis, design, and implementation, working as the senior technical resource and Tier III support and primary vendor contact for a multi-application environment. Act as the enterprise’s primary technical advisor, helping to assure optimal performance of service vendors, reasonability of service contracts, and helping to assure vendor supplied applications meet the enterprise architectural, infrastructure, and security standards. Acts as a strategic advisor to IT leadership and a collaborator with the data and technical architects, along with infrastructure, information security, and solution delivery leadership. Understands business problems and opportunities in the context of the requirements and recommends solutions that enable the organization to achieve its goals. Responsibilities include reviewing and analyzing system hardware and software, recommending new products and upgrades, escalated support, and application of enterprise framework methodology. Uses best practices and knowledge of technologies and processes that are appropriate for the architecture discipline involved. Works independently and receives minimal guidance. Serves as a resource for less experienced peers. Wide latitude for independent judgment. Interface with the business stakeholders to capture business requirements, suggest technology solutions, and drive technical discussions. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor of Science in Information Technology 5+ years of managerial experience. 10+ years of experience in data analysis and data management. Experience in enterprise informatics, planning, budgeting and forecasting solutions. Demonstrated ability to deliver projects in a fast paced, multi stakeholder environment within scope, timeline, and budget Strong hands-on experience and understanding of project implementations, project structure (both formal and informal), project life-cycle, and best practice project standards Ability to engage business leaders with credibility and positive relationship management outcomes. Outstanding communication and presentation skills and ability to present performance management/BI concepts to senior leadership. Strong knowledge of business intelligence and data warehouse and ETL technologies, including extensive knowledge of data warehouse concepts, data modeling, Strong understanding of the software lifecycle and development methodologies, infrastructure technologies relevant for the support of application development, e.g. databases, server, etc. Project management, planning, problem-solving and decision-making skills. A wide degree of creativity and latitude. _Preferred Qualifications:_ MS degree in related area or equivalent experience Extensive experience in an IT or Finance environment, with at least 5 years managing data warehouse and business intelligence focused solutions and teams in a complex, academic medical practice. Awareness and understanding of emerging and advancing technologies and the ability to propose and gain approval for high-value new technology ideas UMPhysicians offers competitive salary and excellent benefits and provides you with the opportunity to enhance your career in the exciting field of health care through rewarding and challenging assignments and the opportunities for advancement.