This is an exciting opportunity to work for one of the top law firms in the U.S. Davis Wright Tremaine LLP is looking for an enthusiastic accounting professional, to join our team in Seattle. This position is responsible for the system setup and maintenance pertaining to timekeeper and client rate arrangements, reporting on and auditing rates within the billing system, and providing rate information to various teams within the firm. The Rate Administrator will work with the Billing team to edit and maintain the firm’s rates and with the Pricing team to identify pricing opportunities. DWT is a full service law firm with more than 500 attorneys located in offices across the United States including Seattle, Washington; Bellevue, Washington; Portland, Oregon; Anchorage, Alaska; San Francisco, California; Los Angeles, California; New York City, New York; and Washington D.C. Job Duties and Responsibilities: Set up new timekeepers and maintain status of existing timekeepers in financial system. Enter new or update existing client/matter billing rates; review and modify new matter intake where needed. Review client engagement letters and outside counsel guidelines; update matters for compliance with listed requirements, including coding cost exceptions. Produce Excel charts for the purpose of batch system rate loads. Create and maintain an electronic folder/database of top client and matter rate arrangements. Audit and maintain individual timekeeper rates. Monitor end dates to existing client arrangements. Monitor and maintain client volume discounts in the billing system. Perform year-end rate reviews for all clients and billing attorneys; communicate rate negotiation outcomes to accounting teams. Communicate changes in arrangements to Central Records and the billing team. Provide assistance to internal clients regarding routine rate and pricing questions. Identify and provide information to the Pricing team on potential pricing opportunities. Qualifications: Finance or Accounting Degree, required. 3+ years relevant experience in an automated accounting department, required. Demonstrated high level of ability to use MS Excel. Knowledge of Elite Enterprise and/or Aderant software preferred. High degree of accuracy and attention to detail. Strong written and oral communication skills. Must perform well under pressures of deadlines, heavy volumes, and requests. Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies quickly and independently required. Must be a team player and have ability to work independently, with minimal supervision. Previous experience in a law firm or professional services organization, supporting a multi-office environment, preferred. Ability to work overtime as needed. This position description intends to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by individuals assigned to this position. It is not intended to include all duties and responsibilities. LI-CV1