Known for being a great place to work and build a career, KPMG provides audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today's most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It's also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it's no wonder we're consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you're as passionate about your future as we are, join our team. KPMG is currently seeking a Big Data Architect to join our Advanced Analytics Organization. Responsibilities: Facilitate the establishment of a secure big data analytics environment; including the Data Lake, EDW, BI & analytics, content management and data management Lead big data, data and software engineers to architect and deliver the solutions that fulfill the Business information needs and align with the information vision and strategy Develop data models and ETL flows to obtain maximum value of the data assets and to facilitate the easy usage of the data assets Help establish and maintain the data governance processes and mechanisms for Data Lake and EDW Understand various data security standards and use secure data governance tools to apply and adhere to the required controls on a per data set basis Provide advice, guidance, direction, and authorization to carry out major plans and procedures to help ensure schedule attainment, product development process adherence, and performance and budget targets are met Qualifications: Minimum of five years of data analytics experience with a professional services firm, technology firm, an internal strategy/analytics group or similar environment Bachelor's degree in a technical or quantitative field from an accredited college/university with working knowledge of topics such as computer science, statistics, econometrics, machine learning, operations research, decision science and cloud computing; Master's degree or MBA from an accredited college/university preferred Experience designing, architecting, and delivering big data solutions utilizing Microsoft Azure Preferred experience with HDInsight, Azure Data Lake, Azure Machine Learning, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Azure SQL, Streaming Analytics, IoT, Bot Framework, Cognitive Services, Data Catalog, Azure Data Factory and Power BI Ability to travel up to eighty percent of the time KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex/gender, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, physical or mental handicap unrelated to ability, pregnancy, veteran status, unfavorable discharge from military service, genetic information, personal appearance, family responsibility, matriculation or political affiliation, status with regard to public assistance, or other legally protected status. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192). No phone calls or agencies please.