Job Description We are currently looking for a skilled Senior Business Analyst to join our excellent team in LA. Our Senior Business Analyst works under the direction of the Project Manager to evaluate the business needs of our valued clients and create solutions to fuel their success. Key responsibilities for this role include: Review, analyze, and evaluate business requirements and user needs Collaborate with Consultants, Sr. Consultants, and Directors to design and implement systems that parallel overall client business objectives Works under the immediate supervision of the Project Manager, and exercise independent judgment on small engagements or as a part of a team on enterprise projects We are Bluewolf. As part of the IBM family, we are the next generation Salesforce consulting firm devoted to innovative design, technology and partnership to transform businesses and get our clients to the future first. With our award-winning services, we help organizations come up with simple solutions to their customer experience problems through customization across the entire Salesforce platform. Here at Bluewolf, we promote a company culture that thrives on collaboration, encourages creativity and empowers our employees to drive change. We are committed to the nurturing and development of our Pack by providing a wide variety of resources, support systems and professional development programs to fuel your success. The future is always now. Find out why your future should be with Bluewolf. Apply today to learn more! Required Technical and Professional Expertise Bachelor’s Degree in Business or Technical program AT LEAST 2 years’ prior experience in a related role Previous experience with analysis, design, implementation and configuration of enterprise systems such as CRM, SFA, or ERP Excellent oral and written communication skills Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Experience with Salesforce.com strongly preferred, but can be developed EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.