Global Business Architect Infotainment and Telematics: Displays, Controls and Audio Systems Description: The Global Business Architect (BA) is the Systems Management Team (SMT) focal point for cost ownership in Engineering. The role combines component level knowledge, strategy and cost data to feed vehicle programs with appropriate solutions at the right time. The BA role allows for some operational differences across functional areas due to the varied nature of the components. The Global Business Architect (BA) enables engineering to focus more on cost management and cost avoidance through invention and less on after the fact continuous improvement efforts. They understand technical strategies for parts in their area, with associated costs / tradeoffs for the near and long-term needs of the business. The BA is also the single-point contact for managing the status of Global B Electrical Architecture component issues and initiatives for the Displays, Controls and Audio Systems area. TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES: The BA is the driver for managing the business in their area of responsibility. Responsible for business imperatives (piece cost, tooling, enterprise cost) In addition to imperatives responsibilities, the BA may be the focal point to develop ED &D; business cases for the Financial Review Board (FRB), Budget Lead, Workload Model, Etc., within their area of responsibility. They will Work and Collaborate cross-functionally with Purchasing, Engineering, Program engineering and Cost Engineering, including: Buyers/ Global Customer Master (GCM's) Engineers, Vehicle Systems Engineers (VSE), Leads, BOM Family owners, Engineering Management and Global Subsystem Leadership team. Cost Engineers Program Finance The day-to-day Global B tasks involve interacting with the Engineering Group Manager (EGMs) and Design Release Engineers (DREs) to gather, track and communicate Global B issues to the Director and larger Global B leadership team and to roll out Global B initiatives/requests to the EGMs and DREs. Program Focus: Vehicle System Engineering / BOM Family Owner Support / Program Solutions Drive accurate production intent cost data into the global product development pipeline for initial program cost books. System Team Management BA’s are primary contact point for Cost Imperatives, maintaining and providing data to be used for status and target setting. Drive accuracy and consistency into Program Target Setting activity, i.e. Read-Across database, part of assembly ownership Document Program Target setting data for historical reference Support disciplined approach to early content definition, escalate product program content fidelity disconnects when inadequate or out of sync with target. Drive consistency into the Design Direction Review (DDR). Highlight total cost implications of DDR selections (complexity, supplier foot print, piece cost, investment, logistics) Review and approve all program BOM Picks to ensure programs content and solutions are in line with business strategies. Provide accurate data to rapidly evaluate option cost studies Investment Costs - Coordinate with Vendor Tooling/Vehicle Systems Engineering to document early tooling forecasts/assumptions by program. Understand detail and raise concerns early based on assigned area. Identify component BOM Strategy disconnects early enough in program development to impact System Management Team design/strategy. Component Focus: Ownership and documentation of component cost data. Gives Direction for updates to Cost Database when appropriate. Data intended to be shared between Global Purchasing & Supply Chain, Engineering, New Program Development Attends sourcing table as required to support global functional lead staff with data & background EDD Expertise and read-across for assigned areas Incorporate use of Big Data for read-across Cross Systems Management Team's Communication for cost and access point to Electrical Expertise Train and mentor new engineers and buyers to understand the cost structure of their components Request Cost Engineering support where appropriate. CE performs traditional functions, Estimates, Models, Reviews, Rates, Etc. Continuous Improvement Leaders for Engineering Global B Single Point Contact: Meet and/or communicate regularly (often daily) with EGMs and DREs in the Displays, Controls and Audio Systems area to roll out time-sensitive assignments to support management of the Global B development effort. Gather and consolidate Global B status inputs and issues from EGMs and DREs. Communicate status and issues to Directors and the larger Global B Leadership Teams using established forums, SharePoints, etc. Qualifications Basic Required Skills: 5 - 10 years of engineering/Global Purchasing & Supply Chain experience in Electrical BS in Engineering or equivalent Design for Six Sigma Black Belt Problem solving proficiency Outstanding interpersonal, oral and written communication skills Engineering Design and Release Experience Launch experience Creative skills with the willingness to take managed risk Understanding of front loading processes.