Job Description & Requirements Position will drive a rigorous approach leveraging financial modeling and business intelligence to solve problems, performing leading-edge analysis and developing new approaches to answer business questions. Responsibilities include the development of models, ongoing maintenance of models, project management, and the design and timely production of management reports. Utilize business data, programming, and statistical methods to provide insight into business performance. Conduct effective data research and associated analysis. Assist the team in automating manual processes and providing analytical support to our primary functional areas across the business. JOB DESCRIPTION: Support strategic projects team via data access, structuring and analytics Collaborate with stakeholders to establish requirements for the implementation of descriptive, diagnostic, predictive and prescriptive analytics. Develop and implement tools, analytics, and models to evaluate and identify performance and recommend performance improvement opportunities. Perform statistical analysis of data, assessing logical findings and recommendations, and illustrating findings using MS Excel, Tableau, and/or statistical tools. Lead efforts to automate manual processes to improve accuracy and efficiency of financial performance reporting including commercial, operations, logistics, procurement and strategy. Maintain current knowledge of emerging technologies and make recommendations as appropriate. Demonstrate a customer-focused approach with internal teams and management. Work collaboratively with appropriate IT teams to manage and support relevant systems, tools and databases. QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS: Undergraduate degree in Finance, Data Science/Analytics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Data Management, or a related field required; Master’s degree preferred. 3 years of overall work experience in financial modeling and/or financial analysis with undergraduate degree; 1-2 years with advanced degree. Experience building financial models, analysis and tools leveraging Tableau, Power BI or other business intelligence tools. Intellectual curiosity with regard to how data and analytics can be used to identify trends and pinpoint business improvement opportunities. Strong attention to detail, analytical capability, and excellent verbal and written communication skills. Advanced skills in Microsoft office products including, PowerPoint, Excel, and Access. R, SAS or other statistical analysis experience a plus. Ability to creatively and independently analyze data and propose solutions. Be a self-starter. EEO Statement Dean Foods considers marijuana (including medical marijuana) to be an illegal drug. Dean Foods will rescind offers of employment to applicants who test positive for marijuana (unless restricted from doing so by state or local law). Dean Foods is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.