Your Responsibilities : An exciting opportunity is available to apply the latest in data modeling techniques to the realm of drug discovery. The last few decades have seen an unprecedented growth of tools and technology to enable the extraction of relationships within and between complex sets of data. The successful candidate will leverage the tools of drug discovery informatics with the latest in data mining and modeling methods developed in other disciplines and apply them to the prospective modeling of on- and off-target behavior of drug candidates. The primary focus of these roles will be to work closely with collaborators from a variety of groups to provide data-driven decisions/suggestions on potential. In addition, the successful applicant will help to develop and optimize computational approaches that leverage external and proprietary data for the automated design and selection of small molecules from limited knowledge of drug targets. The ability to concisely and accurately communicate complex techniques and the results derived from their application to non-experts is essential. Responsibilities include: Understanding relevant datasets, both those generated internally and those from the public domain. Applying chem-informatics methods to support drug discovery, optimization, and development in medicinal chemistry project team settings. Applying machine learning algorithms to drug discovery problems and educating colleagues about machine learning approaches. Communicating data analysis and modeling results to the collaborators in the GSK scientific community. Engaging in scientific programming and algorithm optimization to enhance our software infrastructure. Why You? • MS or PhD in Cheminformatics, Computational Chemistry, Computer Science, Physics or other numerate discipline. Expertise in the design, implementation and execution of algorithmic solutions for the collection, curation, analysis, mining and modeling of complex chemical and biological data. A scientist who has experience working with small molecule structures and their featurization to answer scientific questions. Expertise in one or more programming languages (e.g. Python, Perl, C/C++, java, or R) and chemistry toolkits (e.g. RDKit, OpenEye or Chemaxon) Competent working in a Linux/Unix environment Demonstrated ability to work in multi-disciplinary teams, displaying excellent interpersonal skills Good organizational and communication skills, with the ability to liaise with scientists and external collaborators at all levels across the wider drug discovery organization Ability to independently review and appraise scientific literature Preferred qualifications: •• Solid foundation in chemistry, physics, computer science, statistics, probability theory and analytics. Experience with machine learning (supervised and unsupervised), active learning, statistical design of experiments, multi-objective modeling and QSAR techniques. Demonstrated expertise in analyzing multiplexed phenotypic or high content screening data. Knowledge of drug discovery: medicinal chemistry, toxicology, DMPK. Familiarity with workflow/pipeline-based programming tools, databases, high performance, and GPU computing. A candidate with experience working and leading on project teams designing of new medicines could see an expansion of responsibilities. Why GSK? : GlaxoSmithKline is a world leading research-based pharmaceutical company that combines both individual talent and technical resources to create a platform for the delivery of strong growth in a rapidly changing healthcare market. Our mission is to improve the quality of human life by enabling people to do more, feel better and live longer. Contact information: You may apply for this position online by selecting the Apply now button. _If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK HR Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US)._ _GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class._ __ _Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies_ _GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site._ Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.