Developer Analyst 3 Emerging I. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES The Department of Information Resources (DIR) requires the services of one Developer Analyst, hereafter referred to as Worker(s), who meets the general qualifications of ITSAC Developer Analyst 3 Category, Emerging Technology Type and the specifications outlined in this document for the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts (CPA). All work products resulting from the project shall be considered “works made for hire” and are the property of the CPA. CPA may include pre-selection requirements that potential Vendors (and their Workers) submit to and satisfy criminal background checks as authorized by the Texas law. CPA will pay no fees for interviews or discussions, which occur during the process of selecting a Worker(s). As a PeopleSoft/Business Intelligence Report Writer, the Worker must have a strong background in PeopleSoft 9.1 or above and have worked with BI, PeopleSoft and Data Warehouse technology. The Worker must have extensive experience in the following: developing PeopleSoft reports based on functional specifications for a group or organization working with business customers to gather requirements for report development working with business customers and IT SMEs to define BI training requirements providing training to users adhering to software development processes preparing detailed documentation generating work estimates in an SDLC environment. The Worker must be able to work with the Data Warehouse, PeopleSoft and Agency teams to ensure reports comply with the standards and all data modeling artifacts are prepared accurately in a timely fashion. The Worker must also be quality conscious and be dedicated to delivering quality products on time and on budget. Onsite Requirements: Worker will be required to work on site with the team. Working remotely will be limited and must be pre-approved by the Project Manager and Direct Supervisor II. WORKER SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS (Required) Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills. Must be able to work independently in a diverse team environment with local and remote teams Must possess problem-solving skills and ability to multi-task with readiness to put in extra efforts when necessary Perform related work as assigned Must be able to work independently Knowledge of software development methodologies Must possess problem-solving skills and ability to multi-task Must be able to work around projects and deadlines with readiness to put in extra efforts when necessary Terms and Conditions: If selected, the vendor shall be require to sign and adhere to the CPA’s Additional T&Cs. The contractor shall be required to sign several security documents and also adhere to CPA’s Additional T&Cs Minimum Requirements: Years Skills/Experience 8 Experience in Business Intelligence Report Writing 5 Experience with PeopleSoft 9.1 or above FMS and HCM 5 Experience with Business/System/Data Analysis and Improvement 5 Experience with the development of various reporting mechanisms 5 Extensive knowledge of/experience with data integration, data quality, multi- dimensional design and ETL tools, processes and methodology 3 Extensive experience with highly complex application security requirements Preferences: Years Skills/Experience 3 Proficient with the Microsoft Windows and Office products 2 Public sector experience (Federal, State or Local Government) III. TERM OF SERVICE Work Order Term: January 2016 thru August 31, 2016. Estimated hours for FY16: 1300. This assignment may be extended based on project need and funding. IV. WORK HOURS AND LOCATION A. Services shall be provided during normal business hours unless otherwise coordinated through the CPA. Normal business hours are Monday through Friday from 8:00AM to 5:00PM, excluding State holidays when the agency is closed. Candidate may have to work evenings or weekends in order to meet business needs and or deadlines. B. The primary work location(s) will be at 111 E. 17th Street, Austin, Texas 78774. Any and all travel, per diem, parking, and/or living expenses shall be at the Worker’s and/or Vendor’s expense. C. CPA will provide pre-approved, written authorization for travel for any services to be performed away from the primary work location(s). Pre-approved travel expenses are limited to the rates and comply with the rules prescribed by the State of Texas for travel by its classified employees, including any requirement for original receipts. D. The Worker(s) may be required to work outside the normal business hours on weekends, evenings and holidays, as requested. Payment for work over 40 hours will be at the hourly rate quoted and must be coordinated and pre-approved through CPA. RESPONSE DEADLINE for consideration and should be received by January 14, 2016 @ 5:00 PM (CT).