Interested in space? Would you like to work for a company that will that put astronauts on Mars, develop 3D printed satellites, or that will put payloads that learn into orbit? Space technology connects millions of people around the world and we’re accelerating tomorrow’s breakthrough to help our customers stay ahead in an ever-changing world. We’re shaping the space technologies of tomorrow, today. At Lockheed Martin Space (LM Space), we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and visionary thinking, everything is within our reach – and yours as a Lockheed Martin Space employee. At Space we value your Planning skills, training, and education. Come, join us and experience your future! This exciting role is for a program planning and integration assignment supporting several programs within the growing Strategic Missile and Defense (SMD) Line of Business. In this Program Planning role, you will have opportunities to interface with all areas of the business including Program Management, Finance, Supply Chain and Engineering. Responsibilities will include: Your task will be to work with these functions to develop their overall schedule plan to support the program and develop an overall performance measurement baseline Develop and maintain a compliant Integrated Master Schedule which accurately and comprehensively validates contract scope, work flow and resources to execute the program Support development of the IMS working with CAMs and other Business Areas to ensure full scope is captured Maintain integration between the detailed IMS and the Program Summary Master Schedule Provide planning support to CAMs as part of monthly earned value rhythms Perform schedule integrity checks as required Support internal and external reviews with customers as required To be successful, you must be a self-starter and have excellent verbal and written communication skills. Limited travel for this position may be required. Lockheed Martin Space offers a total compensation package from competitive wages, on-site medical care, 25 three-day weekends, and healthy living incentives just to name a few reasons to join Lockheed Martin Space. Desired Skills: • Experience with internal and external audits and reviews Working knowledge of MS Project Server Experience with resource loaded schedules Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to build effective relationships BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Working knowledge of MS Project 2013 or 2016 scheduling tool Earned Value Management experience Ability to perform typical schedule integrity checks Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.