About The Executive Office of Technology Services and Security The Executive Office of Technology and Security Services (TSS) is the state’s lead office for technology. We place our customers and constituents at the heart of everything we do. We provide modern and responsive digital services and tools to more than 40,000 internal customers who provide essential information and services to the citizens of the Commonwealth We directly serve our constituents by providing tools – such as Mass.gov – that enable taxpayers, drivers, businesses, visitors, families and other citizens to do business with the Commonwealth in a way that makes every interaction with government easier, faster, and more secure. Our Mission The Executive Office of Technology and Security Services provides secure and quality digital information, services, and tools to customers and constituents when and where they need them. The Role ePLACE offers online access to many licensing, permitting and certificate services within the Commonwealth of MA. With ePLACE, we aim to deliver more efficient, convenient, and interactive e-government services. The portal allows citizens to renew licenses, apply for applications, track progress on renewals, to name a few. The eLICENSING Developer will work with analysts and agency stakeholders to understand requirements and create customized configuration to meet the agency needs. The platform that is used to date is a product called Accela Software. ePLACE is undergoing a very active effort to upgrade to the latest version of Accela (v9.3.2) and on AWS. Ultimately the developer will administer, maintain, and configure the Accela software solution for the Commonwealth of MA eLICENSING program. Additional responsibilities include: Understand the external interface between Accela and the various systems (i.e. payment system) Test and resolve defects using JIRA as the tracking tool Oversee the migration process from lower environments to production Manage Accela functionality including UI/UX running/scheduling of batch jobs, configuration changes, text changes and workflow modifications Install, configure and implement Accela application and upgrades Maintain application scripts, providing technical support as needed Develop and run data patches Develop routine/ ad hoc reports and document established processes Qualifications Required Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: Minimum 3 years of software development experience Background in licensing and expertise in business processes pertaining to licensing Experience with Oracle PL/SQL for stored procedures and schema design in large scale relational databases (i.e. Oracle, MS SQL) Strong communication skills; ability to communicate technical terminologies Strong understanding and experience in system development life cycle within software implementations; estimating, planning, managing and developing technology solutions Working knowledge of the following operating systems: Windows (XP, 7, 10) and Linux Servers Understanding of cloud computing platforms such as Amazon cloud (AWS) Preferred Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: Experience with databases/data access: Oracle TOAD/Oracle SQL Plus Knowledge of Accela scripts/EMSE and expressions builder in Accela Civic Platform Basic database design and optimization experience Agile/ Scrum development methodology exposure First consideration will be given to those applicants that apply within the first 14 days. Please see Preferred Qualifications.