zulily is a retailer obsessed with bringing our customers something special every day. Unique products from up-and-coming brands are featured alongside favorites from top brands, including clothing, home decor, accessories, toys and gifts, giving customers something new to discover each morning at an incredible price. We are fast-paced, innovative and metric-driven, with a team passionate for delighting our customers. Whether you want to work with incredible product selection, develop smart marketing plans, help us in our pursuit of faster fulfillment, or do something else awesome in between, we have a place for you. With locations in Seattle, Reno, Columbus and Bethlehem, our team is excited to be changing the way people shop every day - and we are just getting started. As a Lead Software Engineer at zulily, you are chartered with building the technology that powers the second fastest growing online retailer in history. Our incredible growth means we face new challenges on a consistent basis. In this position, you must explore new technologies and collaborate with other engineers to design and build world-class technical services. Your team deploys production code rapidly to keep pace with zulily’s changing business, you are mindful of avoiding technical debt, and you take ownership of your team's roadmap and everything you do. The Data Warehouse/Machine Learning team is looking for a Lead Data Engineer to help build a core set of our high-demand data services to meet the company’s growth trajectories in both data volume and analytic needs. In this role you will: Collaborate with stakeholders to break down their informational needs into solvable components to recommend solutions. Leave your mark by formulating solutions using the latest technologies that are optimized, tuned, robust, reusable and highly scalable. Utilize programming tools to bring together a diverse and massive set of data sources and making them easily accessible and useful for analysis. Explore data sources to better understand the availability and quality of data and embraces emerging technologies in Big Data and analytics landscape for consideration and implementation. Disseminate knowledge across the team. Some things you can expect from us: You will architect your own code completely, and you can have it in production within less than a day. We have a well-defined career path for our technical talent, with measurable goals. zulily understands the value of learning; every tech employee receives an annual education budget for personal development. This includes external classes, training, conferences, etc. We also encourage you to bring your new knowledge back to the team to share! In addition, zulily also has internal L & D tools and opportunities available. HTO (Hack Time Off) - You have great ideas – here’s some extra time to work on them! All exempt employees will be granted 5 days of “Hack Time Off” per year – PAID! Giving back: Every quarter we offer zulily full-time employees 8 hours of PAID volunteer time. We also encourage you to get a team of volunteers together and make a difference in the community. Zuniversity is a lecture/fireside series that allows you to meet with local influencers and learn about what is going on in our community. QUALIFICATIONS Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field required. A combination of education plus equivalent work experience may be considered. Preferred education: Master's Degree (CS/MBA/MAIT) 7+ years programming experience Hands-on experience in “big-data” technologies such as Hadoop, Hive, Kafka and Spark, as well as a general understanding of the fundamentals of distributed data processing. Cloud technologies experience/knowledge is a plus (GCP, AWS, Azure) Professional history working in a Unix environment with scripting languages like bash. Experience and ability to demonstrate proficiency in writing moderate to complex SQL queries. You are curious and love to work with data and solve challenging data problems. Hands on experience and strong proficiency with either Scala, Python, or Java. Personal attributes that successful candidates display: Thrives in a fast-paced, evolving, growing and dynamic environment. Ability to work with and influence others. Can think system-wide and translate business requirements into code. Proficient analytical skills with a data driven approach and ability to measure impact of project. Willingness to explore new ideas and have a passion to make them happen. Embrace an environment that supports innovation and process improvement. zulily is an Equal Opportunity Employer zulily participates in E-Verify. zulily will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. You may reach us at (206) 388-0920.