Job Title: Data Engineer (Part-Time/Temporary) Job Location: Santa Clara, California Intertek Engineering Consulting provides Asset Integrity Management and Life Management support to infrastructure, facilities, and equipment through the conception, design, construction, commissioning, operations, and decommissioning phases. Our experts provide Asset Integrity Management services to clients worldwide, and have in-depth knowledge of the oil, gas, petrochemical, power, renewable energy, civil and infrastructure fields. We are looking for an exceptional Data Engineer/Machine Learning who is excited to work on challenging problems involving massive amounts of data from the energy sector. The candidate will work with a world-class multidisciplinary team to develop and deploy scalable predictive, reasoning and data mining algorithms and software for diverse industrial applications, including anomaly detection, diagnostics and prognostics on sensor and text data from industrial applications such as gas turbine engines, boilers, wind turbines, etc. We're seeking self-motivated individuals who are passionate about the mission of our company, and thrive with the demands of a small team environment. Responsibilities: Provide technical expertise to address supervised and unsupervised learning problems in an applied research environment. Develop and deploy modern machine learning and statistical methods for finding patterns/models from industrial data, e.g. operation data monitored from industrial machines, processes, environments, etc. Familiarity with large data sets, cloud based development and deployment, open source practices and frameworks, and experience in deploying an intelligent application in production is desirable. Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, or related field with strong mathematics, statistics, and programming background. 5+ years of experience with data engineering. Experience in modern advanced analytical tools and programming languages such as R or Python. Fluent in SQL and prior knowledge with Amazon EC2, infrastructure and development/deployment of applications. Proficient in Java is a must. Demonstrated experience building statistical and/or machine learning systems to solve large-scale customer-focused problems. Strong verbal and written communication skills, a team-player able to take initiative, as well as follow a plan and work collaboratively in a multidisciplinary team. Experience with big data technologies like Spark and Hive is a plus. Experience working with Web tool development is a plus. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against applicants due to veterans status or on the basis of disability. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. LI-BB