eBay Inc. (NASDAQ: EBAY) is a global commerce leader including the Marketplace, StubHub and Classifieds platforms. Collectively, we connect millions of buyers and sellers around the world, empowering people and creating opportunity through Connected Commerce. Founded in 1995 in San Jose, Calif., eBay is one of the world’s largest and most vibrant marketplaces for discovering great value and unique selection. THE OPPORTUNITY eBay’s Global Payments, Billing, and Risk Platform Engineering Team is looking for a Frontier expert to join our team to lead the scaling up of our Frontier platform. The ideal candidate will have experience building and maintaining high volume Frontier landscapes in an enterprise environment. Experience creating SOX narratives and best practices to comply with regulations is a plus. If you’re a Frontier expert looking for an exciting career with one of the largest marketplaces in the world, we’re looking for you! Responsibilities Maintenance of current Frontier Systems Capacity planning Installation of additional Frontier Systems Creation and execution of the Technology Roadmap for Frontier Platform Requirements 3+ years of experience using Frontier 5+ years of experience in a technical role Qualifications Experience with Unix and Windows application management Experience with Virtual Servers and familiarity with Best Practices on how to utilize Virtual Machines Ability to document system deployment architecture is a Subsidiary of eBay. This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies View our privacy policy View our accessibility info eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com . We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible. For more information see: EEO is the Law Poster EEO is the Law Poster Supplement