Are you a creative and talented developer who works hard to ship code early and often? Does working on a project that holds the source of truth about status for most major Internet companies float-your-boat? Do you want to help build the future of incident management at a company built by developers for developers? If so, come join us at Atlassian and work on the Statuspage team! You will be expected to take features from concept through to launch, while working in a dynamic SaaS environment where every line of code you write will be appreciated by major Internet players and the end-users that rely on them. You will be responsible for designing, implementing, monitoring, scaling and optimizing the code that powers Statuspage. This role will also include, but is not limited to: Playing an integral role in designing and developing new features and frameworks for Statuspage that will help the Internet stay honest around uptime Optimizing the Statuspage platform so that it's able to send hundreds of thousands of emails/SMS/webhooks in under a minute Leverage state of the art tools and technologies and incorporate writing specialized custom tools, when necessary, to get your job done Tackle the hardest problems facing the team, including memory and other resource allocation problems, lock contention in multi-processing and multi-threading systems, data consistency, race conditions and performance issues You're a builder at heart and, ultimately, you will help define what it means to provide status updates for the Internet On your first day, we expect you to have the following: Programming experience (Ruby on Rails or Python is strongly preferred, but not required) Experience with front end technologies such as CSS/HTML, React and SCSS Experience with schema-based data storage (Postgres, SQL) Experience in AWS EC2, ELB, ElastiCache, RDS and more It's great, but not required if you have experience: Breaking down problems into executable chunks and coordinating multiple engineers to deliver a solution With distributed version control internals (Git, Mercurial) Using Agile development methodologies like XP and Scrum More about our team Statuspage is used by many of the worlds top 1000 SaaS providers. This means that we have a responsibility to be up when these providers may be down. Resiliency is a core Statuspage feature. The nature of the business means that we have very inconsistent and spikey traffic. During a large, Internet-wide event we can see our traffic increase by a thousand fold. Building a service that can withstand these requirements and that can stay up while the rest of the Internet is down provides a unique set of technical challenges. Joining the Statuspage team means you get to play with some of the latest tech as part of a tight-knit, fast-moving team. You’ll be shipping live code into production starting week one. More about our benefits Our offices are open, highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year to support your favorite cause, plenty of food and beverages, ergonomic workstations with sit/stand desks, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years, generous employer-paid insurance coverage (medical, dental, and vision) for you and your family, 401k matching and more. More about Atlassian Software is changing the world, and we’re at the center of it all. With a customer list that reads like a who's who in tech and a highly disruptive business model, we’re advancing the art of team collaboration with products like Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, Trello, and now Stride. Driven by honest values, an amazing culture, and consistent revenue growth, we’re out to unleash the potential of every team. From Amsterdam and Austin to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who are powered by passion and eager to do the best work of their lives in a highly autonomous yet collaborative, no B.S. environment. Additional Information We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. _Atlassian, Inc., will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of SFPC_ _Art.49_ _._