Overview SIDEARM Sports, a leader in the collegiate website development industry, is actively seeking a Full Stack Web Developer to join our existing development team and help service the 900+ colleges and universities that use our platform. Our ideal candidate is motivated to improve and build upon our core product, the SIDEARM content management system, as well as our additional product lines including live video/audio streaming, e-commerce, mobile apps, and real time statistics platforms. Most offices are filled with employees that excitedly talk about the big play in the game from the night before, and ours at SIDEARM is no different. While we discuss the game, however, we also write the software that distributes that same news across the internet and social platforms, calculates the statistics for the game, and archives the video and audio clips so that fans that missed it can watch it later. SIDEARM Sports is the company that makes it possible for collegiate sports fans to follow their favorite teams no matter if they’re across town, across the country, or across the world. We're fortunate enough to be trusted by some of the biggest brands in the industry, with more than 980 total partners, including 250 Division I programs, and over 40 of the 65 Power 5 programs. If you ask us, we have the best job in the world. Responsibilities As a member of our team the successful candidate will do a mix of maintenance and new development on our flagship product, as well as a variety of supporting services and internal applications. We practice continuous delivery so you’ll be able to make an impact right away. Even though we’re growing, we still have that small tight-knit company feel with no politics and little ceremony. Qualifications Good problem solving and positive attitude Development experience with ASP.NET framework with C or VB.NET T-Sql/SQL Server 2005 and up Understanding of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3 & responsive design strategies Understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS Understanding of client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks, including jQuery