Intro Take your career to new heights. Come join us at MORI Associates and help us support the most exciting projects at NASA/Jet Propulsion Laboratory. As a Cyber Security Analyst (Systems), you will be part of a dedicated team of diverse professionals creating and supporting cutting edge solutions for our client’s critical missions. MORI is a mid-sized nationwide company founded in 1997 with the ideals that creating an agile organization full of innovative and passionate people will progress science and technology for all life on earth. We focus on offering a complete range of services from strategic consulting to the development of Information Systems and providing advanced engineering solutions. Now, let’s see if this opportunity is the right challenge for you. In the realm of Cybersecurity for the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (the agency that puts things on Mars and beyond), the selected candidate will design, implement, enhance and maintain Enterprise-level solutions for systems and products in order to meet JPL's strategic and tactical cybersecurity goals. Also, will utilize software-like product development methodology and best business practices, perform tasks such as gathering cybersecurity requirements, evaluating software, and designing cybersecurity solutions that meet the requirements of the JPL community. Responsibilities also include designing integrated test plans, testing, preparing problem reports, configuring applications, conducting and coordinating integrated tests, and acting as a liaison to the JPL community throughout the entire life cycle of the cybersecurity system/product. Also may serve as administrator/organizer for activities and events related to JPL's Cybersecurity program. Other specific responsibilities tasks for this job include the following: Providing technical support for major application(s) including troubleshooting operational software Providing functional remediation for operational software or functionality augmentation Designing workflow automation Auditing records and systems for policy compliance IT contingency planning and continuity of operations (COOP) Designing and executing IT contingency/COOP exercises, tests and activations Maintaining IT emergency preparedness and monitoring operational baselines Reviewing and providing enhancing/clarifying input for formal documents Requirements Educational Background Bachelor's degree in one of the following (or a closely related discipline): Cybersecurity, computer systems analysis, computer programming, computer science, information science or computer engineering CompTIA Security+, SANs Security Essentials, CISSP, CISM or related security certification. Required Experience includes the following: 5 years working in an Information Technology (IT) environment Familiarity with FISMA and NIST cybersecurity requirements Software testing and problem reporting Organization of work activities and administration of programs and events Formal IT-related documentation Defining software requirements and procedures development Solving business and technical problems. Desirable Experience includes the following: Requirements development, analysis and traceability Documenting risk assessments, security planning, business impact analysis and contingency planning Responding to Agency data calls and FISMA metrics Supporting external audits Using database and Excel skills to support requirements development, analysis and verification and traceability Documenting the requirements verification and test process Designing reports and compiling query searches to extract database information The ability to receive a security clearance required. Only US citizens will be considered due to involvement with sensitive government information and data.