GENERAL PURPOSE: As a member of the Business Information team, the Business Analyst will play an important business facing role. In this role, he/she will work directly with our business partners gathering data/reporting requirements, working with our IT partners in determining the best solution and supporting the testing and delivery process. The Business Analyst will also support the full BI Request Management process and will follow the requests from submission to delivery. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Information Management – Gain a solid understanding of the business reports and tools. Develop an understanding of the strengths/limitations of the various tools and technologies available. Suggest alternate methods of data presentation. Gather and document business requirements for report and data requests. Leverage the available reporting tools; confirm the data integrity via thorough testing. Lead creation and review of all test-related deliverables including test approach, test scenarios, test cases/conditions, scripts and results. Routinely manage user acceptance testing for moderately complex projects and obtain sign-off from the business. Develop training materials and job aides to support reporting rollouts. Identify and mitigate any project related risks. Relationship Management – Develop partnerships acting as a liaison between the technical and business teams to understand, troubleshoot, interpret and provide guidance on reporting and data needs. Facilitate meetings; issue tracking/resolution, escalation etc. as you follow a report/data request from submission through to delivery. Lead training classes, collect user feedback, and support the users as needed. Lead post deployment validation as instructed by project leadership or management. COMPETENCIES: Analysis and Judgment Results Driven Business Acumen Interpersonal Effectiveness Communication Technical Competence with data gathering Customer Service Presentation and training abilities QUALIFICATIONS AND SPECIAL SKILLS REQUIRED: Bachelor’s degree with a concentration in Business, Economics, Finance or Computer Science, or an equivalent diploma 3 years of retail experience in the business, business support or equivalent work experience Commensurate level of working business knowledge preferred Hands on experience with BI tools (i.e. MicroStrategy, Microsoft SSAS, etc.) High degree of proficiency with the Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Experience with merchandise planning processes and tools is a plus Visio skills is a plus Ability to understand and apply instructions or suggest alternate proven methods to move projects forward Ability to follow established practices, policies and procedures Ability to build and maintain stable working relationships Strong communication skills Strong analytical skills Able to create simple to complex analytical solutions Ability to take an abstract analytical problem and break it down into actionable tasks PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS/ADA: Job requires ability to work in an office environment, primarily on a computer. The job also requires sitting, standing, walking, talking on the telephone, attending in-person meetings, typing, and working with paper/files, etc. Job occasionally requires bending, kneeling, reaching, and lifting up to 10 pounds. May also require occasional driving and/or traveling overnight for business functions or site visits. Vision requirements: Ability to see information in print and/or electronically. Consistent timeliness and regular attendance. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: None DISCLAIMER This position description is a summary of the primary duties and responsibilities of the job and position. It is not intended to be a comprehensive or all-inclusive listing of duties and responsibilities. Contents are subject to change at management’s discretion. Ross is an equal employment opportunity employer. We consider individuals for employment or promotion according to their skills, abilities and experience. We believe that it is an essential part of the Company’s overall commitment to attract, hire and develop a strong, talented and diverse workforce. Ross is committed to complying with all applicable laws prohibiting discrimination based on race, color, religious creed, age, national origin, ancestry, physical, mental or developmental disability, sex (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth or breastfeeding), veteran status, military status, marital or registered domestic partnership status, medical condition (including cancer or genetic characteristics), genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, as well as any other category protected by federal, state or local laws. '156343