The AV Operations Analyst’s goal is to meet the exact IT support, and AV needs of the firms users. This individual will support, maintain and operate the firm's video conferencing systems and services associated with AV events. Job Description ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS : Manages AV/ video conferencing events for internal and external clients. Coordinates AV/ video conferencing system installations Provide hands on support to users who are experiencing desktop operating system, connectivity and applications issues and provide complete follow-through to successful resolution. Effectively translates user requests, business needs and technical specifications into formal written documentation. Creates, edits and produces video and multimedia content for firm wide Marketing, Attorney Professional Development and IT teams Performs any and all other duties as necessary and as assigned by your supervisor for efficient functioning of the Department, Office and Firm. QUALIFICATIONS / KSAs Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university or equivalent work experience required. Typically has 2 years of work experience. Ability to effectively and professionally communicate and collaborate with all levels of the organization and peers to reach common goal. Dedication to customer service. Experience supporting AV and videoconferencing equipment. Additional Job Description PHYSICAL EFFORT / WORK CONDITIONS This position operates in a professional office environment which is generally free of hazards and exposure to adverse environmental conditions. This position requires regular attendance on-site at a Dechert location. This position routinely operates standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopy machines, fax machines and filing cabinets, and requires frequent communication with the firm’s employees and partners as well as third parties. This position is mainly sedentary. Primary functions require sufficient physical ability and mobility to work in an office setting; to read, sit and type for sustained periods of time; to walk, stand, reach and bend _; to open and close filing cabinets and access and retrieve materials in file rooms; to lift, carry and move files or other items of light to moderate weight;_ to operate equipment requiring repetitive hand movement and fine coordination; and to verbally communicate to exchange information.. This position requires a normal audio range, with or without correction. It also requires the normal visual range, with or without correction. Specific vision abilities required include close vision, distance vision, color vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. This position requires the ability to lift, move and/or carry firm technical equipment up to approx. 40 lbs., including, but not limited to PCs, Printers, and other computer peripherals and equipment. This position requires the ability to handle crates up to 150 lbs. utilizing appropriate equipment such as hand trucks or dollies. Location(s) Philadelphia Time Type Full time Dechert LLP is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and non- discrimination. The Firm prohibits unlawful discrimination in any term or condition of employment against any employee or applicant for employment because of the individual’s race, color, creed, religion, sex, age, marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, disability, membership or service in the armed forces, or any other characteristic protected by law.