The IT Desktop/Help Desk Support – Technical Craft Specialist A position is responsible for providing IT technical support to the College’s faculty, staff and students campus-wide. This position provides exceptional customer service in resolving support service requests via telephone, email, walk-in or via remote desktop control; and filters, articulates, logs, and/or escalates more complex issues to the appropriate support level(s). This position performs installations, deskside support and maintenance of computer hardware and software; as well as problem recognition, research, isolation and resolution steps for all client requests for technology services support. Travel from the College’s main campus to the regional centers, as needed, to move equipment between rooms/sites. The hours for this position are: Tuesday through Friday, 10:00 am – 6:30 pm and Saturday, 8:00 am – 4:30 pm. Specific Responsibilities Gather and analyze computer and client provided information to respond to telephone, email and walk-in requests for technical support or assistance to end users on a variety of issues. Respond to all service requests in a timely manner, ensuring appropriate customer service at all times. Log all requests for support using electronic ticketing systems and resolve all requests to full closure. Diagnose and correct desktop computing problems which may result from system failure, system configuration, system errors, operator errors or operator inexperience whenever possible via the phone, in person or remote desktop support. Reset passwords and unlock accounts effectively, clear print queues and log all incoming calls for service into helpdesk, incorporating college acceptable use policies. Install, build, support, maintain, and diagnose hardware, software and network components needed to support academic and administrative desktop computers, as directed. Ensure the integrity of support procedures, processes, and documentation pertaining to the college-wide technical support initiatives. Collaborate effectively with faculty, staff, and administrators at all levels, technical and non-technical, to determine and ensure all support needs are met. Collaborate effectively with ITS management, vendors, faculty, and staff to affect repair or replacement of failed equipment components (both in or out of warranty), ensuring proper documentation and reimbursement of warranty related items. Deliver quality customer service to all internal constituents in a professional, helpful and courteous manner. Work independently, determining priorities in unusual or emergency situations and effectively escalating matters to appropriate resources. Work collaboratively with college-wide resources, and/ or vendors to diagnose, isolate and resolve desktop computing problems as directed. Assist with the maintenance and tracking of inventory and deployment of hardware and software college-wide, as directed. Maintain industry standards certifications in support of the installed base equipment at the College. Travel to regional sites, as needed. Maintain sensitivity, understanding, and respect for a diverse academic environment, inclusive of students, faculty, and staff of varying social, economic, cultural, ideological, and ethnic backgrounds. Other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications Associate’s Degree in a related field is required. Any and all degree(s) must be from a regionally accredited institution of higher learning. At least five (5) years direct experience supporting personal computers, mobile/tablet devices, and mobile applications in a professional work environment using MS Windows and the MS Office Suite of applications. Excellent verbal and written communication skills are required. Demonstrated ability to translate technical knowledge into actionable direction required. Demonstrated excellence in customer service and professionalism is required. Demonstrated commitment to detail and follow through. A + certification is required. Flexibility to work evenings and weekends, as needed. Must possess and maintain a valid driver’s license and access to reliable transportation. Must be able to lift a sixty (60) pound parcel from floor to a desktop height as needed. Ability to maintain sensitivity, understanding and respect for a diverse academic environment inclusive of students, faculty and staff of varying social, economic, cultural, ideological and ethnic backgrounds. Preferred Qualifications At least two (2) years experience working in a Microsoft AD environment is preferred. Microsoft MCTA or MCSA certifications, as well as industry standard technical certifications on Dell computers and Hewlett Packard peripherals are preferred. Experience installing and configuring hardware/software is preferred. Experience with Apple Macintosh is preferred. Work Location Main Campus Benefits Special Instructions to Applicants Interested persons should complete an online application. Cover letter of interest and resume REQUIRED. Names and contact information of 3 professional references OPTIONAL. Review of applications will commence on May 1, 2018 and will continue until the position is filled. Applicants must be legally eligible to work in the U.S. Community College of Philadelphia is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity and Equal Access Employer. The College encourages applications from individuals from traditionally underrepresented groups. Salary Grade or Rank VIII