At Toyota Research Institute (TRI), we’re working to build a future where everyone has the freedom to move, engage, and explore with a focus on reducing vehicle collisions, injuries, and fatalities. Join us in our mission to improve the quality of human life through advances in artificial intelligence, automated driving, robotics and materials science. We’re dedicated to building a world of “mobility for all” where everyone, regardless of age or ability, can live in harmony with technology to enjoy a better life. Through innovations in AI, we’ll… 1) Develop vehicles incapable of causing a crash, regardless of the actions of the driver. 2) Develop technology for vehicles and robots to help people enjoy new levels of independence, access, and mobility.3) Bring advanced mobility technology to market faster. 4) Discover new materials that will make drive batteries and hydrogen fuel cells smaller, lighter, less expensive and more powerful. Our work is guided by a dedication to safety – in how we research, develop, and validate the performance of vehicle technology to benefit society. As a subsidiary of Toyota, TRI is fueled by a diverse and inclusive community of people who carry invaluable leadership, experience, and ideas from industry- leading companies. Over half of our technical team carries PhD degrees. We’re continually searching for the world’s best talent ‒ people who are ready to define the new world of mobility with us! We strive to build a company that helps our people thrive, achieve work life balance, and bring their best selves to work. At TRI, you will have the opportunity to enjoy the best of both worlds ‒ a fun start up environment with brilliant people who enjoy solving tough problems and the financial backing to successfully achieve our goals. If you’re passionate about working with smart people to make cars safer, enable the elderly to age in place, or design alternative fuel sources, TRI is the place for you. ‒ Start your impossible with us. TRI's Automated Driving team is developing hardware platforms and software systems for autonomous driving research and development efforts. On the Guardian project we aim to apply autonomous driving technologies using a driver centric approach to meaningfully improve the driving experience and road safety. We are looking for exceptional probabilistic robotics researchers who can develop and apply state of the art algorithms in sensor fusion and motion planning. We seek individuals that enjoy working with other researchers on the Autonomous Driving team to develop world leading capabilities. We are seeking people who are passionate about applying the results of their R&D efforts to enhance and improve the lives of millions. Responsibilities You will develop, deploy and evaluate state of the art algorithms in probabilistic robotics, sensor fusion and motion planning. Collaborate with other software engineers and research scientists to build new and robust capabilities in autonomous driving. Develop creative solutions to technical problems of controlled scope. Design reusable software components as part of an integrated system. Understand and fulfill the software practices that produce maintainable code, including automated testing, continuous integration, and code review. Qualifications Ph.D. or equivalent in computer science, mathematics, mechatronic, software, or systems engineering. You possess strong research potential in probabilistic robotics, computer vision, machine learning and/or human machine interaction. You have a proven understanding of common software performance issues and trade-offs. You're experience with advanced driver assistance systems very esteemed. Your experience with human machine interaction and/or driver modeling would be very highly regarded. Experience with modern machine learning techniques highly regarded. Experience with robotics and/or control engineering would be highly regarded.