Overview: This role provides technical oversight and leadership for a core team dedicated to a given data sprint or use case. This role leads resources from data engineering, metadata discovery, data quality analysis and cleaning, architecture, data science, and business analytics. This role is accountable for managing the communication and relationship with client counterparts. This role requires a broad level of exposure to technologies and platforms of all types – legacy (e.g., VSAM, DB2), modern (e.g., warehouses, ETL/ELT) and new (e.g., Hadoop). Responsibilities: Perform program functions including management of stakeholders, project metrics, and issues Supervise and lead all data discovery exercises Enforce and administer metadata acquisition requirements Discover and document business processes associated with a given data sprint Document various role types that create, consume and change data associated with the data sprint Recommend changes to policies and establishes procedures that affect immediate client success Receive high level assignments determine how to use resources to meet schedules and goals. Review detailed estimates. Engage with core team members and stakeholders to collect and communicate changes in plans Demonstrate ownership of problems, issues, or requests from start to finish. Other duties as assigned Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent, MBA preferred 7+ years of increasingly challenging implementations of continuous improvement practices. Demonstrated ability to implement and monitor an effective Continuous Improvement program Knowledge of ERP systems, Hoshin Kanri, and generally accepted lean practices is essential 3+ years working with Hadoop (e.g., Cloudera, Hortonworks, Apache) 2+ years in Relational Data Management (e.g., Data Warehousing, Operational Data Store, Marts) 2+ years working in Legacy Data Management (e.g., VSAM, DB2) 2+ years working in Integration Development Experience planning initiatives including creation of business cases and creation of resource plans Experience managing large and complex business process reengineering efforts focused on modernization of an application portfolio Demonstrated delivery of multiple complex projects Specification: Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work well with others at all levels, including at the C-level. Proactive in nature with customer satisfaction as primary goal Quick learner of new technologies and tools Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Ability to manage multiple priorities and meet critical deadlines The ability to guide a team to achieve important goals together The desire to solve tough problems collaboratively with facilitation skills Strong ability to coach engineers, business executives, technology collaborators and various other members of the broader data and corporate community Experience in enterprise change management, training and education. Join our winning team and unique, team-spirited company culture. We offer numerous benefits for your contributions and teamwork. These include: Comprehensive medical, dental and vision insurance Pre-tax Flexible Spending Plan for healthcare and childcare Fifteen personal days the first year of employment Eight paid holidays and up to two floating holidays per year A 401(k) with excellent company match Company-provided life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance Company-provided short- and long-term disability insurance Training and certification opportunities Infogix, Inc. and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers. Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran. For additional product information and company overview, please visit our website at www.infogix.com.