We love programming and the excitement that comes with building something people use. We are the kind of people that love talking to users and can find the balance between solving a problem quickly and thinking about how your code will work in the future. We love to move fast, keep learning and get stuff done. Our data science team is analyzing large data sets (we’re collecting billions of individual actions every month) and building products that enable our customers to grow faster and communicate more effectively with their customers. We’re looking for machine learning engineers to develop machine learning models and pipelines for research and production. Our data science team is still in its early days and you’ll have a big impact on our direction and how we operate. You’ll be central to researching, developing and shipping products that help our customers learn and grow from their data. For this role, we’re looking for people who have developed split brains-software engineers who have become great at writing machine learning code or data scientists who have become great software developers. You: Have experience implementing machine learning models, data pipelines and testing frameworks for research and production use. Have demonstrated a measurable impact based on the models you’ve created. It’s not always easy getting a model correct, we love talking about places we got stuck and work as a team to think through ideas that could unblock us. Have experience processing cloud-scale data using parallel, elastic, streaming and similar techniques. Enjoy tuning and validating machine learning models and take a rigorous approach. Understand how to profile code and optimize performance. Aspire to correctness (e.g. in your code, in drawing conclusions from data) Have a bachelor’s or advanced degree in computer science, applied math, statistics or other relevant quantitative discipline, or equivalent industry experience. Technologies we use (not comprehensive!): Python Numpy, Scipy, Pandas Aurora, Cassandra, Kafka HTML, JavaScript, React SageMaker About Us Klaviyo is a team of people who are crazy motivated by growth. It’s what we help our customers do: grow their businesses by making it possible and easy for them to use their data to power better marketing. It’s how we behave as individuals: we’re all deeply passionate about learning. It’s how we manage our business: we have thousands of paying customers, we’re profitable, and we’re growing insanely fast. And it’s what our culture is all about. Working at Klaviyo means you’ll work on things you never imagined you would; you’ll grow in ways you didn’t consider possible; and you’ll do the best work of your career with people who are just as motivated and talented as you are. If this sounds like your ideal place to work, drop us a note!