Little Caesars is the fastest growing pizza chain in America. And we’re growing at the speed of fun! Come join us and help do what we do best everyday – making customers’ lives easier. Currently, there are several opportunities available at both the store level and in our corporate headquarters in Detroit. Here’s one of them: The Quality Assurance (QA) Engineer will be involved in all phases of the moderately complex Software Testing Life Cycles (test case development and execution, reviewing requirements, etc.) and the validation process. The QA Engineer will verify field reported problems in the test lab and report progress on problem resolution to Management. This position will interact widely with various functional areas and franchisees, advocate quality approaches and support Quality Assurance strategic goals. This position may work on projects for LCE or other Ilitch companies. Key Responsibilities: Participate in the testing of applications and processes. Collaborate with the development team and stakeholders to ensure testable Application is estimated and developed. Identify test conditions for user stores and administer the test plans, scenarios and cases used in testing based on business requirements, technical specifications and/or product knowledge to ensure proper functionality and that the process aligns with the overall corporate life-cycle. Participate in planning activities, such as user story creation, point estimation, expected testing tasks while paying particular attention to testability. Support user testing and perform data validation. Develop, execute and maintain manual and automated tests to ensure code quality in a continuous integration environment. Represent quality principles and processes within assigned product teams. Research and recommend continuous process improvement ideas to management. Document and disseminate test results, release notes and troubleshooting guides needed for field support. Complies/enforces standards and regularly participates in process improvement activities. Supplemental Job Functions: Maintain proficiency with existing technologies and develop skills with new technologies. Build and share product knowledge within project and QA team and consistently represent quality activates and processes. Other duties as assigned. Minimum Skills, Knowledge and Abilities: Bachelor degree in Information Technology, Computer Information, Quality Assurance or related discipline. Equivalent experience may be considered in lieu of formal education. Minimum of three (3) years’ experience in a Quality Assurance role with automated test case definitions, execution experience, writing test plans and procedures, tracking errors, documenting results and developing test cases for software applications. Understanding of automation testing approaches and a quick adaptability to new testing tools. Understanding of Source Code Delivery system (SDLA) and Quality Assurance best practices, in accordance with various methodologies, including Agile, Waterfall, etc. Demonstrated ability to effectively collaborate with others and successfully interface with both internal and external customers (CV Techs, franchise owners, etc.) to coordinate activities and arrive at decisions. Effective communication skills with a clear, concise technical writing style. Able to communicate with internal colleagues of all levels, both technical and non-technical, as well as external vendors and franchisees. Demonstrated ability to learn new information and increasingly complex business functions as well as apply the knowledge to new concepts and projects. Logical prioritization and project planning skills, completes tasks with a high sense of urgency and follow through, while representing Enterprise Technology with a positive, energetic demeanor. Demonstrated ability to work in a team setting with moderate supervision, while following internal policies, guidelines and procedures. Ability to work autonomously with limited supervision. Work Environment: This position requires the ability to work directly or remotely during traditional and non-traditional business hours, including nights, weekends and holidays. This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, testing equipment (registers, printers, etc.). Position requires responding to inquiries, requests for assistance with extended periods on the phone or in the testing lab to test current code. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and responds to phone inquiries for assistance as well as required to walk to QA testing lab to test current code.