AECOM is actively seeking a creative, highly talented Entry Level Geologist/Hydrogeologist or other related scientific field for employment in the Houston, Texas office. The appropriately qualified applicant will work closely with various Project Managers and senior staff in implementing project tasks to meet client objectives and priorities, primarily on environmental assessment and remediation projects, with a mixture of field and office work. Applicant must be able to work outdoors and travel will be required, including short-term overnight stays. AECOM will provide 40-hour OSHA HAZWOPER training. AECOM is pleased to include you in a unique development opportunity, the Graduate Development Program (GDP). This program is designed to support your assimilation into the organization and assist with creating a foundation of knowledge for a successful career at AECOM. You will gain experience in your discipline through learning on the job and participate in development opportunities during the program, including access to AECOM's social media resources, group mentoring, and professional networking. The program also has learning activities that will be available to you, including webinars and online programs. Imagine working on rewarding projects within a diverse culture, and having access to exceptional training and career development opportunities. Working at AECOM means being part of a global team, working with award-winning professionals across the world. Aspire to be a key player on some of the best projects regionally, with opportunities to work on projects nationally or internationally. Our people bring deep industry knowledge to help you succeed. Responsibilities of this position include, but are not limited to: \+ Support site assessment and remediation projects at sites impacted with petroleum products, drycleaner solvents, and/or other hazardous substances at private, state, local and federal facilities \+ Assist with collecting and evaluating geological, hydrogeological, and remediation system performance data in both field and office settings \+ Perform environmental fieldwork, including overseeing drilling of wells, soil borings, and excavation of contaminated soils, as well as collecting soil, groundwater, and soil gas samples \+ Perform aquifer tests, including slug tests, step-drawdown tests, and pumping tests, and interpretation of aquifer test data with supervision of project hydrogeologist \+ Interpretation and presentation of field data in reports that will require technical writing, and preparation of data analysis summary tables, graphs, subsurface cross sections, potentiometric surface maps, boring logs and figures suitable for client and government agency/regulatory review \+ Apply technical principles and theories for environmental assessments and to define the nature and extent of contamination in soil and groundwater \+ Track and communicate workload and availability with direct manager \+ Act as task manager for small segments of projects, and assist in determining schedule and budget requirements \+ Learn and apply AECOM safety requirements Minimum Requirements \+ BS or MS degree in Geology, Hydrogeology or other related scientific field \+ Ability to take instruction, operate within a team network, and work independently without direct supervision \+ Able to write and convey thoughts and ideas in a clear, concise manner \+ Highly proficient in Microsoft Excel with experience in word processing and standard office software \+ Must pass random client-mandated drug screens \+ Valid driver license required, and must be able to safely drive to job sites \+ This position does not include sponsorship for United States work authorization Preferred Qualifications \+ Field experience \+ Mechanical aptitude and/or experience with operation and maintenance of remediation systems \+ Strong technical writing skills \+ Experience reading and interpreting environmental regulations \+ Geologist-in-Training (GIT) or Fundamentals of Geology (FG), by ASBOG exam preferred What We Offer AECOM is a place where you can put your innovative thinking and business skills into high gear and work alongside other highly intelligent and motivated people. It's a place where you can apply your skills to some of the world's most challenging, interesting, and meaningful projects worldwide. It's a place that values the diversity of our areas of practice and our people. It's what makes AECOM a great place to work and grow. AECOM is an Equal Opportunity Employer. At AECOM, employee's safety and security are our top Safeguarding core value. All employees are expected to set the highest level of safety expectation in their work, display the highest level of safe behavior, and actively participate in AECOM's Safety For Life Program. SH&E; is a part of our company culture and participation is required for all employees. _NOTICE TO THIRD PARTY AGENCIES: Please note that AECOM does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Recruitment Fee Agreement, AECOM will not consider or agree to payment of any referral compensation or recruiter fee. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement, AECOM explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. Any unsolicited resumes, including those submitted to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of AECOM.