Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking an experienced Controls Engineer to join our Data Center Facility Operations team. Our data centers serve as the foundation upon which our software operates to meet the demands of our customers. Our controls systems, direct digital controller and logic controller, provides the smarts to efficiently and reliably run our data centers. The candidate will provide site support, where a Facility Operations team operates multiple data centers, for facility retrofits, optimization efforts, escalated technical issues, and new construction ‘ready for operations’ activities. The ideal candidate shall be able to work both broadly leading critical projects cross-functionally, as well as work independently through deep dives and expert analyses. This position is full-time and located in the Menlo Park office. RESPONSIBILITIES Definition and rollout of new engineering standards/best practices. Develop and generate specifications, RFPs, ROMs and SOWs for projects. Point of escalation for complex system malfunctions. Facilitate and decision change control reviews. Perform readiness review of new build projects to inform overall building acceptance. Travel to data center site in support of pre-engineering, implementation, startup testing, and commissioning of projects at the assigned site. 30% domestic and international travel. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years controls experience in programming development, start up, and commissioning of electrical monitoring systems, central plants, air handling units, and evaporative cooling/humidification systems. Associates in Engineering/Technical studies or Military Technical School. Working knowledge of mechanical, electrical and life safety systems associated with critical environments. Experience understanding and auditing blueprints/CAD drawings and controls diagrams. Communication and organizational experience. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in engineering discipline. Experience with software programming languages such as Python, PHP, SQL. Experience beyond field technician level such as project management, project engineering, and operations management. IT/Networking Certification.