Firebird AST is looking for a highly experienced Contract Financial Investigator (CFI) to support a Federal Law Enforcement customer out of their Chicago, IL Field Office. The CFI responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Support the client’s investigative missions with forensic financial investigative services to support all aspects of the investigative process, both civil and criminal. Respond periodically to investigative case needs to include legal documents, forensic accounting, targets, and uncovering investigative leads. The CFI will be primarily located at Field Office in Chicago, IL, but may be required to travel occasionally in support of investigations. All CFI candidates will: Be interviewed, screened and approved by the government prior to being selected to start any work. Have at least 5 years experience with law enforcement and financial investigations, and forensic accounting services. o Investigative experience shall be in at least three of the following areas: 1\. Complex financial fraud crimes to include bank fraud, wire fraud, mail fraud, and credit card fraud 2\. Money laundering investigations 3\. Mortgage fraud 4\. Identity theft 5\. Cyber fraud investigations Have at least two years' experience in asset identification and removal activities. CFI Candidates must possess: Detailed knowledge of how to conduct criminal investigations from start to finish, asset identification and forfeiture, while conducting federal and/or state/local law enforcement investigations vs. individual and corporate clients; knowledge of financial documents, the application of forfeiture sanctions, the conduct of forfeiture-related investigations, and the ability to apply sophisticated analysis procedures and software. Significant knowledge and skills in the following areas: o Understand how criminal and financial investigations are conducted and how asset forfeiture is used in criminal investigations. o Experience working with records and information relative to identifying property ownership interests, and sources of funding for the acquisition of such interests. o Understand methods used to hide property interests and sources of funds used to purchase property. o Ability (demonstrated through past performance) to trace and identify all proceeds deposited into traditional and non-traditional financial institutions. o Ability (demonstrated through past performance) to trace and identify all stocks, bonds, securities, and other investments related to criminal activity. o Ability (demonstrated through past performance) to provide commercial accounting, auditing, business analysis and /or forensic financial analysis, expertise, and assistance to Special Agents in support of specific cases in order to prosecute individuals and businesses and/or seize assets associated with illegal activities. o Ability to analyze financial or other records to determine the amount of illegal proceeds subject to forfeiture. o Capability to conduct a financial encumbrance analysis of assets targeted for seizure to determine whether the seizure of such assets would result in an undue liability to the client, if seized. o Ability to travel to other locations and provide assistance and/or advice to personnel on the forfeiture-related aspects of their investigations. o Researching known transnational organized crime syndicates/terrorist organizations by reviewing their financial infrastructure in order to collect information. o Conducting forensic analysis, counter terrorism expertise, and assistance in support of specific cases in order to prosecute individuals, businesses, terrorist groups, and/or seize assets associated with illegal activities. o Conducting comprehensive analysis of forensic matters related to the administrative management of the investigation, to include documenting funds transferred through complex financial networks and examining, interpreting, and recording account data. o Performing analytical research to identify and record potential substitute assets. o Writing reports and maintaining detailed case documentation and database files of financial investigative research to trace proceeds of criminal activities and investigative interests in targeted property. o Developing comprehensive open source intelligence products that will provide crucial insight to investigators, as well as, assist with investigative database queries. o Completing visual representations of investigative targets and applicable financial information using advanced data visualization tools and/or link analysis supplied by the contractor with capabilities greater than or equal to Palantir and/or i2. CFI Duties: Receive and analyze forensic financial investigative material from a variety of sources such as investigative reports, database reports, banking records, account and invoicing records, investment portfolios, import and export documents, tax records, and other types of documentation associated with the investigation. Document formats are not consistent between institutions and the contractor will be expected to manipulate data software for analysis. Provide forensic financial analysis, expertise, and assistance to Special Agents in support of specific cases in order to prosecute individuals and businesses and/or seize assets associated with illegal activities. Produce high quality written or visual products that are clear, concise, and well-organized. Develop comprehensive open source intelligence products that will provide crucial insight to investigators as well as assist with investigative database queries. Provide link analysis using software programs with capabilities equal to or greater than i2 and/or Palantir. Research, collect, and analyze data from a wide variety of sources, including but not limited to, on-line commercial databases, to draw conclusions about its relevance, importance, or accuracy. Collaborate and work with personnel to accomplish work-related activities. May be required to testify in court as a subject matter expert. Participate in training to improve skills and abilities to perform tasks. Comply with security and administrative policies, procedures, and regulations as it pertains to forensic financial investigative support. Provide continuous support for long-term complex fraud investigations. Ensure that the deliverables are provided to the government on a timely basis. Provide recommendations in improving program operations and effectiveness as applicable. Identify for seizure and/or forfeiture all assets and investments that have been legally and illegally acquired by individuals and criminal groups. Identify, trace, seize, and forfeit all proceeds deposited into traditional and non-traditional financial institutions. Trace and forfeit all stocks, bonds, securities, and other investments related to criminal activity. Disrupt and dismantle known criminal organizations by targeting their financial infrastructure and seeking criminal, civil, or administrative forfeiture actions to accomplish the mission. Conduct analysis of seized records to determine the amount of illegal proceeds subject to forfeiture. Assist in the pre-seizure analysis of assets to determine which assets will result in the government assuming unacceptable liabilities. Debrief undercover operatives, confidential informants, cooperating defendants, and witnesses to identify assets to be forfeited. Prepare affidavits in support of asset seizures. Examine records at search warrant locations (after the location has been secured) to locate information pertaining to assets. Provide assistance and/or advice to personnel on the forfeiture-related aspects of their investigations. Perform the following: extensive consultation with the case agent and prosecutor(s), analysis of business, financial and other records, and complex link analysis of events and records. Research known transnational organized crime syndicates/terrorist organizations by reviewing their financial infrastructure in order to collect information for the government to seek criminal civil or administrative forfeiture action to accomplish the mission. Provide forensic analysis, counter terrorism expertise, and assistance in support of specific cases in order to prosecute individuals, businesses, terrorist groups, and/or seize assets associated with illegal activities. Conduct comprehensive analysis of forensic matters related to the administrative management of the investigation, to include documenting funds transferred through complex financial networks and examining, interpreting, and recording account data. Identify and trace assets and proceeds subject to seizure and forfeiture as well perform analytical research to identify and record potential substitute assets. Maintain detailed case documentation and database files of financial investigative research to trace proceeds of criminal activities and investigative interests in targeted property. Identify potential witnesses and subjects regarding the ownership and source of targeted property of ongoing case investigations. Develop visual representations of investigative targets and applicable financial information using advance data visualization tools and/or link analysis, supplied by the Contractor, with capabilities greater than or equal to Palantir and/or i2. Analyze corporate intelligence in order to further support the USSS financial crimes investigative mission, in particular, corporate intelligence on foreign-based entities (corporations and/or businesses) and individuals. Desired Skills (but not Mandatory): Possess fluent (speak/read) language skill and assist with foreign linguistics support, particularly in the languages of Russian, Ukrainian, and other Eastern European languages, in furtherance of the client’s mission. Salary will be based on experience and education levels.