Position Type: Technology Date Posted: 7/9/2018 Location: LAGO VISTA ADMINISTRATION Primary Purpose Administer and operate the district’s central administrative computer networks. Develop, maintain, and monitor all district local area networks (LAN), wireless local area networks (WLAN), and wide area networks (WAN). Responsible for installation, testing, and oversight of all network hardware, personal computers, software, and related equipment. Qualifications Education/Certification: Bachelor’s degree in computer science or management information systems, or equivalent experience in network administration Cisco Certified Networking Professional (CCNP) (include if applicable) Experience: Experience performing network maintenance Experience writing code/scripts to connect APIs to the different systems/software we use Experience managing and maintaining Windows servers Experience integrating our systems/software with our SIS (TxEIS) Special Knowledge/Skills: Knowledge of LAN, LWAN, and WAN network design and installation Knowledge of network hardware and software applications including network servers, printers, and other equipment Ability to work with multiple operating systems and network protocols Ability to analyze and resolve computer network problems ?Strong organizational, communication, and interpersonal skills Major Responsibilities and Duties Network Management Oversee the installation and testing of network hardware, software, and upgrades, and identify and resolve issues. Implement and maintain all system configurations and ensure that system maintenance is performed. Monitor and analyze system utilization; recommend improvements as needed. Network Security Develop and oversee implementation and maintenance of security for all systems and networks. Develop and implement backup procedures to ensure that all network and workstation backups are performed on a regular basis and district data is restored as needed. Assist with the development and implementation of a disaster recovery plan. Technical Support Serve as liaison to software and hardware vendors to maintain appropriate product support. Develop and maintain network design and configuration documentation. Consult with end users to identify need, analyze systems specifications, and correct related problems. Other Identify and recommend the acquisition of software and hardware to meet the networking needs of the district. Compile, maintain, and file all reports, records, and other documents required. Comply with policies established by federal and state law, State Board of Education rule, and local board policy. Mental Demands/Physical Demands/Environmental Factors: Tools/Equipment Used: Hand tools and test instruments for electronic repairs and cable installations; standard office equipment including personal computers and peripherals Posture: Prolonged sitting; regular kneeling/squatting, bending/stooping, pushing/pulling, twisting Motion: Repetitive hand motion; frequent keyboarding and use of mouse; regular walking, grasping/squeezing, wrist flexion/extension, reaching; may climb ladders Lifting: Regular moderate lifting and carrying (up to 44 pounds); occasional heavy lifting and carrying (45 pounds and over) Environment: Work is performed in an office environment; frequent on-call and after-hours work; occasional districtwide travel; may be required to be on-call 24 hours a day. Mental Demands: Work with frequent interruptions; emotional control under stress. Salary range : $48-52K, based on experience 226 days Benefits : TRS Active-Care - The District provides $434 a month toward the employee health insurance premium Lago Vista Independent School District is a 3A public school based in Lago Vista, Texas on the beautiful north shore of Lake Travis. There are four campuses with approximately 1,500 students. For additional information, please visit the district website at: www.lagovistaisd.net. 1 Email To A Friend Print Version