Overview Founded in 1951, Iron Mountain Incorporated (NYSE: IRM) is the global leader in storage and information management services. Iron Mountain is committed to storing, managing and transforming what our customers value most, from paper records to data to priceless works of art and culture. Providing a full suite of solutions – records and information management, data management, digital solutions, data centers and secure destruction – Iron Mountain enables organizations to lower storage costs, comply with regulations, recover from disaster, and protect their data and assets from a complex world. Visit the company website at www.ironmountain.com for more information. Iron Mountain enables 94% of the Fortune 1000 to smartly and securely manage their physical and digital information assets. With unmatched innovation and collaboration, our teams create information management solutions for our customers’ data, no matter what format, location or lifecycle stage it’s in and no matter where it’s kept. We are more than 17,000 people strong and growing. We’ve been a trusted records management leader since 1951. Iron Mountain is an equal opportunity employer, and does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, marital status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity characteristics or expression, disability, medical condition, U.S. Military or veteran status or other legally protected classifications in making employment decisions. Iron Mountain Canada is an employer broadly committed to providing an inclusive work environment that welcomes all people. Globally, we believe it is our diversity that contributes to our companies’ shared success. We work hard always to avoid discriminating on any grounds other than capability to perform the requirements of the job. Iron Mountain complies with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act and welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. Responsibilities Position Summary: Destruction Technicians serve customers by accurately processing and destroying all materials delivered to the production facility. They sort material and operate forklifts and other machinery. These critical team members maintain the facility, empty trash, bale corrugated material and assist the production supervisor with other necessary duties. They perform each and every task with the utmost regard for safety and security. The DTs collaborate with team members to enable success for all. Primary Duties and Responsibilities: Empty collected material from containers; cut open bags, dump payloads, empty roll-arounds Sort material by grade; separate and discard rubbish Collaborate with team members Perform emergency equipment repairs Clean facility and containers Maintain strict security of material and trucks Ensure safe machine operations Perform all physical tasks without assistance Mentor others as opportunities arise Qualifications Required Skills and Education: It’s a 12-hour shift with about five hours spent on forklift or performing “Bobcat” operations. The DT spends about seven hours standing while operating machinery or moving/lifting boxes and pulling/tipping two- and four-wheeled bins weighing 25 to 525 pounds (average bin weight is 170 pounds). The DT works in an atmosphere that is not climate controlled. High school diploma or equivalent Current experience shredding or recycling operations/warehousing environment Ability to lift heavy bags, push rolling carts and pull two- and four-wheeled containers Bobcat experience is preferred Ability to follow directions Ability to safely operate machinery Ability to work well in a team environment Compliance Obligation: It is the responsibility of every Iron Mountain employee: to comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and company policies to exhibit ethical behavior in accordance with our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct to complete required training within the allotted time frame