With a focus on Mobility, Operational Excellence, Value to our Customers and the Electrification of vehicles, you can expect to be part of something exciting. From the sleek design of our vehicles to the unique opportunities we offer around the globe, Nissan exemplifies ingenuity in everything we do. Our people are what drive the business forward. We’re currently looking for a Regional Dealer Technical Support Specialist to join our team in the Central region, supporting New Orleans and Baton Rouge areas. This role will be responsible for assisting in resolving vehicle repairs that dealer technicians are unable to diagnose and repair. Instructs dealer technicians in proper diagnostic and repair procedures. Analyzes dealer service department operations and provides constructive feedback to dealership management and NNA regional staff. Performs incident investigations and prepares related reports. Conducts evaluations of customer buyback vehicles. Acts as primary interface with national consumer affairs and the technical hotline in relation to customer requests, Better Business Bureau (BBB) arbitration, and Lemon Law cases. Also, contributes to building brand value and achieving enduring profitable growth. Job functions Include but are not limited to: Assists in resolving vehicle repairs that dealer technicians are unable to diagnose and repair. Instructs dealer technicians in proper diagnostic and repair procedures. Demonstrates the awareness for adding value to the Company by decreasing warranty costs. Communicates with engineering and technical hotline staff to identify, report and resolve technical issues. Identifies and analyzes technical issues resulting in repeat repairs, or customer dissatisfaction. Analyzes decisions from the customer’s viewpoint and takes action with the customer’s needs and values in mind. Conducts investigations into incidents by examining vehicles and subsystems, provides supporting photos and reviews repair history and related fire, police, witness, and expert reports. Prepares reports to company management documenting the facts and results of investigation. Makes swift and thoughtful decisions based on a clear understanding of Nissan’s strategy. Conducts customer buyback evaluations determining suitability of vehicles for resale or donation; oversees final repairs; prepares related reports and documentation, and coordinates final disposition of vehicle. Acts as the company’s representative and expert witness for Lemon law arbitration, product liability, and breach-of-warranty litigation providing testimony during depositions. Prior to arbitration, works with the consumer affairs department to assess the situation and to develop an equitable resolution for the customer. Teams with people from other organizations, independently of borders (functions, regions, and affiliates), to reach a target. Reviews and evaluates dealership service department processes and procedures, technician training needs, special tool inventory, electronic information system, and service advisor training on special programs; identifies areas of deficiencies and recommends solutions. Consistently contributes to building brand value by delivering on our brand promise. Minimum Qualifications: Job Knowledge and Skill: Thorough knowledge of automobile mechanical and electronic functions; good general knowledge of dealership service operation. Good verbal and written communication skills. Experience: Eight or more years of increasingly responsible administrative experience, plus two or more years of directly related professional level experience. Education: Professional Certification (e.g. paralegal, etc.) or an AA degree. Consider equivalent related college or technical courses, seminars and in-house classroom training. Computer Skills: Basic knowledge of word processor, spreadsheet, other PC applications, etc. to output routine products with similar, non-creative formats. Travel: More than 50% day and overnight travel. Welcome to an open lane of possibility. Drive your career forward and join the company leading the technology and business evolution of the automotive industry by applying today. _All of us at Nissan – regardless of functional area or expertise – share a passion to design, manufacture, and sell high-performance vehicles. It is Nissan’s policy to provide Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of race, gender, military status, disability, or any other status protected by law. Candidates for this position must be legally authorized to work in the United States and will be required to provide proof of employment eligibility at the time of hire._ Irving Texas United States of America