Overview Susquehanna International Group (SIG) is a 30 year-old privately held trading firm located just outside of Philadelphia, PA. Building virtually all of our own trading technology from scratch, we are leaders and innovators in high performance trading. SIG is hiring a web services developer into our Market Data team. This team develops applications that parse market data into our downstream trading systems, as well as create tools used by other developers within the firm. We are looking for a Python Web Developer responsible for managing the interchange of data between the server and the users. Your primary focus will be the development of all server-side logic, ensuring high performance and responsiveness to requests from the front-end. You will also be responsible for integrating the front-end elements built by your co-workers into the application; therefore, a basic understanding of front-end technologies is necessary as well. SIG Engineers Are: Able to execute on ideas quickly Committed to innovation Focused on the entire technical stack with an eye for building a stable, scalable, optimized environment with minimized risk Passionate about technology and interested in exploring new technologies to find the optimal solution Strong object oriented software development skills What we're looking for 3-5 years of experience working in a software development environment, including at least two years of full-time, hands-on application software development experience. Hands-on experience developing in Python Experience with at least one Python web framework such as Django, Flask, etc. Ability to work as part of a team of developers and with the testing groups while also successfully managing individual tasks and projects with minimal guidance. Keen attention to detail and accuracy. Excellent communication skills that facilitate teamwork and interaction with colleagues and internal clients. Visa sponsorship is available for this position Want to contact the recruiter directly? Tim Lynott tim.lynott@sig.com We don’t post salary ranges externally so any salary estimate you see listed here was not provided by SIG and may not be accurate. We think it’s important to take your skills and experience into account when determining compensation. SIG is not accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at SIG via-email, the Internet or directly without a valid written search agreement will be deemed the sole property of SIG, and no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by SIG.