Job Description Position Overview: We believe that freedom of movement drives human progress. Ford Information Technology (IT) is shaping the future of mobility by redefining the transportation landscape, enhancing the customer experience and improving people’s lives. Join the Ford family as we change the way the world moves. Cyber Defense Center (CDC) Detection Analysts focus on addressing information security incidents, including phishing, information theft, misuse of data, intrusions, hostile probes, and malicious software. Daily activities include analysis of multiple data sources using one of the many available tools as well as investigating and determining whether a threat applies to Ford. Candidates must be willing to work 3 to 4 full weeks including weekends (Weekends can be worked from Home), per year, on an 11am-8pm shift during Daylights saving time and 10am-7pm shift during Standard time. Outside those 3 to 4 weeks, must be able to work late or possibly during weekends for Critical events - this is not frequent. This is an excellent position for a technology focused individual, who works well with others, and wants to learn Ford technologies, and is a “night owl”. Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related 1+ years of experience with Windows Server. 1+ years of experience with Linux 1 + years of experience with Windows Client Preferred Qualifications: Strong deductive reasoning, critical thinking, problem solving, and prioritization skills combined with ability to understand what management means and complete. The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team, discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.