JOB DESCRIPTION Tokio Marine HCC is a leading specialty insurance group with offices in the United States, the United Kingdom, Spain and Ireland, transacting business in approximately 180 countries and underwriting more than 100 classes of specialty insurance. Tokio Marine HCC products and capabilities set the standard for the industry, and many of the Company’s almost 3,000 employees are industry-leading experts. We have an exciting opportunity for a Director Digital and Data Technologies in our Corporate Headquarters located in Houston, TX. This position will be a key member of the Corporate IT and will work extremely closely with the senior members of IT as well as various lines of business. The position will be responsible to align digital information technology solutions with strategic business initiatives. The position carries out responsibilities in the following areas: Lead ongoing expansion of the TMHCC digital strategy - offering approach, methodologies and techniques across the Enterprise, in conjunction with and supportive of business stakeholder input. Inclusive of proof of concepts and R&D; efforts to drive support and adoption of innovative ideas. Acts as the IT Business Liaison for internal stakeholders within the domain of expertise (Actuary, Marketing, Reporting/Analytics stakeholders) Assumes responsibilities as internal Product Manager of existing digital solutions inclusive of the identified strategic technology platform, with ownership and responsibility for governance, facilitation of Steering Committees, and prioritization of investment capital with stakeholder alignment. Responsible for vision and direction of strategic projects and initiatives within the Business Intelligence domain including Cloud based development and sustainment, Cloud and on-premise platform administration, and business intelligence/analytics. Responsible for guidance and leadership of the Data Development and Support teams Plan and perform analysis of the enterprise digital activities and/or functions and guides the subsequent design and implementation or improvement of existing enterprise digital applications. Modifies, extends, and improves the Strategic Platform through the understanding of business needs with digital technology solutions Train and promote technologies to end users on business software/digital solutions to identified business problems JOB REQUIREMENTS Qualifications Experience: Ideally, the successful candidate will have a minimum of nine years of relevant IT experience with a focus on Digital Technologies and minimum of six years of strong leadership experience. Insurance industry experience preferred Ability to build trust and relationships with department heads is essential Optimization of work processes. Knows the most effective and efficient methods to get things done, with a focus on continuous improvement Understanding and experience of customer service IT approach Flexibility and a willingness to learn Sound analytical skills, as well as strong decision-making and problem-solving aptitude Communication: Must be an exceptional communicator and able to make connections across the organization while working with employees and managers in multiple locations Leadership: Must be a strong leader and able to delegate, inspire and plan effectively Educational and skills requirements: The ideal candidate will have a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science / Information Technology or a related field or the equivalent education and/or experience Previous experience with SaaS driven digital strategic initiatives Experience with several software development methodologies (i.e., Agile, SCRUM) Previous experience in delivering digital solutions within a development team Overtime hours may be required Will require travel outside normal work location The Tokio Marine HCC Group of Companies offers a competitive salary and employee benefit package. We are a successful, dynamic organization experiencing rapid growth and are seeking energetic and confident individuals to join our team of professionals. The Tokio Marine HCC Group of Companies is an equal-opportunity employer. Please visit www.tokiomarinehcc.com for more information about our companies.