M.C. Dean, Inc. is the nation’s premier electrical design-build and systems integration firm for complex, mission-critical organizations. M.C. Dean’s capabilities include electrical, electronic security, telecommunications, life-safety, instrumentation and control, and command and control systems. M.C. Dean, Inc. serves a diverse group of markets including Fortune 1000 corporations; universities; high tech and biotech firms; Federal; state, and local government clients; and other organizations with large scale, complex, and mission-critical infrastructure needs. Established in 1949, M.C. Dean, Inc. has earned a reputation as an innovator and pioneer. Headquartered in Dulles, Virginia, M.C. Dean, Inc. employs more than 2,500 professionals in offices throughout the Eastern United States, Europe and the Middle East. M.C. Dean, Inc. offers an excellent benefits package including a competitive salary; medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; paid-time off; tuition reimbursement; 401k Retirement Plan and Military Reserve pay offset. For more information about our company, you can visit www.mcdean.com. JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:<span style="font-size:11.0pt;font-family:" calibri","sans-serif";="" mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;mso-fareast-font- family:"times="" new="" roman";="" mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;mso-bidi- font-family:"times="" mso-ansi-language:en-us;mso-fareast-language:en-us;mso- bidi-language:ar-sa;="" mso-bidi-font-weight:bold;;"=""> The Technical Specialist will demonstrate the following capabilities: Manage physical security system support to meet service level agreements Analyze physical security system performance and recommend improvements Resolve complex system issues for physical security systems and networks Provide Tier 3 support to the system administration team Programming and integrating an entire system at the global level Using advanced knowledge of networking principals and system administration skills to troubleshoot systems and operating systems Communicate with customers, manufacturers, vendors and system administrators Train system users and other system support personnel Analyze and modify preventive maintenance checklists for system changes Troubleshoot system performance issues and implement corrective actions Perform preventive maintenance actions including system back-ups, error log reviews, database size and integrity checks Organize and prepare detailed documentation of system performance, including service request records and analysis Perform desktop hardware and operating system set-up, imaging software loading, and antivirus updates Conduct in depth research and evaluate the research of Technical Specialists in order to evaluate existing and future systems Perform and manage PITCO's. Perform final programming of systems Provide on site system support post deployment Read and interpret engineering drawings Understand SOP and SOW documentation Ensure test lab equipment is maintained Assisting with annual performance evaluations Ensure availability of remote Pitco and remote access Interface with engineering team to ensure design efficiency Interface with internal and external customers Provide advanced level database support Conduct research and development of entire systems and analyze all interoperability and constructability scenarios Delegating tasks and providing support to level I and II Electronics Technical Specialists Using 60% or 90% designs to develop and build out PITCO Read blue prints, schematics and statements of work (SOW). Ensuring PITCO build outs adhere to statements of work (SOW). Coordinate with field personnel and/or engineering team to discuss any potential installation issues Answer support calls to help field personnel and system administrators with any installation issues encountered on the job site Document support calls in the internal support systems (IMMS); ensuring all tickets are addressed and closed. Conduct research and development on new system manufacturers (i.e. access control, intrusion detection and closed circuit television systems). Perform all duties with minimal direct supervision Specific position requirements are as follows: Requires ten (10)+ years of experience with installation, troubleshooting and testing of electronic security systems Requires one (1)+ years of experience administrating Enterprise Level Access Control Systems Requires system administrator experience in performing triage on system problems, resolving the system problems, analyzing system data to prevent problems, and implementing new workstations and system extensions Requires a bachelor's degree in a technical discipline or HS diploma/GED coupled with three (3) additional years of security systems experience Requires reliable attendance at customer site during work hours required by customer Requires the ability to work a flexible schedule that includes occasional nights and weekends Requires minimal travel Specific desired experience, skills and certifications are as follows: Certification in CCure 9000 Access Control System Certification in DVTel Digital Video Systems Experience programming/administrating Digital Video Systems Microsoft SQL Server and Microsoft Server 2008 experience Dell Storage Area Networks, Brocade and Cisco network equipment Symantec Netbackup software Configure and manage UNIX and Windows operating systems Install and load system operating software CCNA, A+, Network+ Certifications