Closing Date/Time: Mon. 08/13/18 5:05 PM Pacific Time Salary: $3,911.00 - $4,787.00 Monthly $46,932.00 - $57,444.00 Annually Job Type: Regular Full-time Location: 220 4th Ave. S., Kent, Washington General Purpose The City of Kent is looking for someone who can perform important administrative support functions for the Permit Center in our Economic and Community Development Department. Do you pride yourself on providing excellent customer service? Do you have top-notch organizational skills and the ability to perform a variety of clerical functions in a fast-paced work environment? If so, the Office Technician III position may be a perfect fit for you! This is a full-time, benefited position that is represented by the AFSCME union. The City may establish a non-ranked applicant pool for this classification that would be in effect for a period of up to 12 months. A cover letter and resume are required with your online application in order for your application to be considered complete. Uploading your resume to auto-fill portions of the application does not automatically attach it to your application. Incomplete applications will not be considered for this position. Please note that you cannot attach documents to your application after it has been submitted. If you have any questions or concerns regarding your online application, please call our office at (253) 856-5270 and we will do our best to assist you. Applicants who meet the minimum requirements for this position will be invited to a written exam. Dates for recruitment processes have not been established, but applicants will be informed of these dates as soon as they have been confirmed. Under the direction of the Administrative Assistant III, perform a variety of responsible secretarial, administrative and technical support duties for the Building Services Manager, Administrative Assistant III, and staff. Incumbent is responsible for responding to customer inquiries by providing information and assistance to the public concerning fire, building, engineering, planning and land use permits. Work is characterized by a high volume of customer service duties as well as complex and specialized clerical and technical duties such as communicating with the City's public, it's clients, citizens, fellow employees and other divisions; processing forms, records and reports, ordering and maintaining a wide variety of supplies including those unique to the division; independently preparing and editing correspondence and reports; arranging meetings, travel and lodging, assisting with special projects; creating and maintaining filing systems, and clerical duties related to the processing of development permits. They are also required to exercise a considerable amount of tact, patience, and courtesy in dealing with the City's public, its clients, citizens, fellow employees and other divisions. Supervisor defines objectives, priorities, and deadlines; and assists incumbent with unusual situations, which do not have clear objectives or precedents. Incumbent plans and carries out assignments and handles problems and deviations in accordance with instructions, policies, procedures and/or accepted practices. Work is evaluated for technical soundness and conformity to practice and policy. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Provide a full range of clerical and internal and external customer assistance activities, by interacting with the public in person, by telephone, and through written correspondence. Maintain an understanding of current Permit Center, Planning Services, Building Services, Development Engineering, and Fire Prevention divisions' diverse functions and programs. Research permit data and other inquiries, using computerized permitting and/or GEO base systems, including, but not limited to, permit application name, number and status, inspection history and status, address and parcel number, property ownership and other permit/land information verification. Resolve or refer customer questions and complaints regarding development permitting and the city development review process. Answer multi-line telephones and respond to general inquiries about development permitting and city development; direct calls as appropriate. Assist with public records for the department, Building Services and Permit Center. Provide and perform administrative, technical, and clerical duties in support of the Permit Center, the Administrative Assistant III, and the Building Services Manager. Update, order, track and maintain customer service materials, office forms, procedures, division supplies, business cards, and other supplies as requested. Assist in delinquent payment procedures by running monthly reports, researching unpaid fees and preparing statement report, making customer contacts on returned checks and other non-payment situations, handling customer inquiries, and making arrangements with customers for payment, etc. Research permit fees refund requests and prepare refund form and documentation for Manager's approval and signature as needed. Assist the Building Services Manager in the preparation of the division budget, report statistics pertaining to the division budget and performance measurements. Update and maintain City Code books, the Permit Center Operations Manual, the Community Development Emergency Management Manual, and other reference materials as requested. Maintain permit performance database, prepare monthly permitting performance and performance measurement reports and may assist in creating formats for related reports. Create, maintain and organize multiple Permit Center filing systems. Assist Building Services Manager in the preparation of visual presentations for City Council, Community Development Department, Chamber of Commerce, service organizations, and other public presentations. Research and compile statistical data and documentation on various permitting information for inclusion into a variety of administrative and outside agency reports; and establish appropriate report formats, prepare, proofread, and edit materials as required. Maintain calendars for assigned division and Permit Center staff, registering Permit Center staff for agency memberships and training courses and ensuring that dues and fees are kept current, scheduling the Permit Center meeting room, and scheduling appointments for application intake or meetings. Track and bill departments for large plat map copier use. Review Permit Center cellular phones records and report any cellular phone problems or changes. Attend meetings, seminars, and training as appropriate; represent division as assigned. Receive, sort, and distribute mail; create mailing lists, prepare materials for mailing and respond to correspondence as assigned. Actively support the vision, mission, values and goals of the department and the City. PERIPHERAL DUTIES: Perform other related duties as assigned. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: KNOWLEDGE OF: Basic municipal government policies, procedures, and structure; applicable local, state and federal laws, codes, regulations, ordinances and fees, or the ability to learn within 6 months of employment Correct usage of English grammar, spelling, punctuation, and vocabulary Quality customer service principles and practices General record-keeping principles and practices Modern office practices, procedures and equipment including personal computers and related software such as word processing and spreadsheet programs to perform a wide variety of clerical and technical duties Basic administrative research methods and practices Basic budgeting procedures SKILLED IN: Using interpersonal skills effectively to deal with the public in a tactful, patient, and courteous manner even in hostile situations, and to promote a positive and professional City image Using professional telephone etiquette and techniques to properly assist a diverse assortment of inquiries and persons Interacting positively and effectively with diverse individuals to accomplish common goals Assembling data and preparing reports Use of Excel, Word, Access, PowerPoint, and KIVA ABILITY TO: Read, comprehend, apply and explain governmental laws, rules, codes, regulations, ordinances including City and departmental policies and procedures as applicable to the operations of the department/division Learning and understanding the functions, policies, procedures, activities and programs of the permitting process quickly and accurately Solve practical problems and deal with a variety of variables in situations where only limited standardization exists Plan, organize and prioritize work to meet time lines despite numerous interruptions Perform complex technical and administrative duties with speed and accuracy Understand and follow oral and written directions Establish and maintain cooperative and effective working relationships with others Function effectively as a member of the "team" Create and interpret graphs and charts Create and edit visual presentations using Power Point, slides and other graphics Maintain budget and financial records Prepare, proofread and edit reports, correspondence, and procedure manuals Maintain records, reports and data Add, subtract, multiply, and divide quickly and accurately Education, Experience and Other Requirements: Education: High school diploma, general education degree (GED), or equivalent, supplemented by some college level coursework; and Experience: Three (3) years of increasingly responsible clerical and customer service experience involving substantial public contact and some record-keeping experience. Or: In place of the above requirement, the incumbent may possess any combination of relevant education and experience which would demonstrate the individual's knowledge, skill and ability to perform the essential duties and responsibilities listed above. LICENSES AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS: Washington State Drivers License Bilingual skills are preferred Must successfully pass a Washington State Patrol background inquiry