Description Infoblox is seeking a Security Architect to join our IT team in Tacoma WA. The role is both a hands-on architecture role and an important leadership position reporting directly to the Sr. Director of Cyber Security who is located in Santa Clara CA. The best candidate will have a balance of high level architectural vision across the full range of corporate security technologies required by Infoblox and hands on configuration and testing. The Security Architect secures enterprise information by determining security requirements; planning, implementing, and testing security systems; preparing security standards, policies, and procedures; mentoring team members. The successful individual for this role will be passionate about their area of expertise and be interested in a specialist track as a long-term career objective. The successful candidate will have a clear record of achievement, a willingness to work hard and perseverance to make things happen. Pragmatism is essential for success in this role. He or she will be creative with a practical approach and have an intuitive feel for applying numbers, sense of proportion and appropriate orders of magnitude. Responsibilities: Plan security systems by evaluating network and security technologies; developing requirements for local area networks (LANs), wide area networks (WANs), virtual private networks (VPNs), routers, firewalls, and related security and network devices; design public key infrastructures (PKIs), including use of certification authorities (CAs) and digital signatures as well as hardware and software; adhering to industry standards Implement security systems by specifying intrusion detection methodologies and equipment; directing equipment and software installation and calibration; preparing preventive and reactive measures; creating, transmitting, and maintaining keys; providing technical support; completing documentation Verify security systems by developing and implementing test scripts Maintain security by monitoring and ensuring compliance to standards, policies, and procedures; conducting incident response analyses; developing and conducting training programs Upgrade security systems by monitoring security environment; identifying security gaps; evaluating and implementing enhancements Prepare system security reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing data and trends Requirements: Minimum 8 years of experience in: Security architecture, demonstrating solutions delivery, principles and emerging technologies - Designing and implementing security solutions This includes continuous monitoring and making improvements to those solutions, working with an information security team Consulting and engineering in the development and design of security best practices and implementation of solid security principles across the organization, to meet business goals along with customer and regulatory requirements Security considerations of cloud computing: They include data breaches, broken authentication, hacking, account hijacking, malicious insiders, third parties, APTs, data loss and DoS attacks Identity and access management (IAM) – the framework of security policies and technologies that limit and track the access of those in an organization to sensitive technology resources _The ideal candidate will possess…_ Experience in both detailed data and XaaS architecture, and high-level enterprise application architecture A high degree of raw analytic horse-power, logical reasoning ability, and curiosity NIST, FedRAMP, ISO27002 experience are a big plus Education: Possess a technical undergraduate degree and post-graduate degree from internationally recognized schools as well as demonstrated participation in industry peer groups, organizations, and practices, engineering school alumni organizations, etc., is also desirable It’s an exciting time to be at Infoblox. We are the market leader in technology for network control. Our success depends on bright, energetic, talented people who share a passion for excellence in building the next generation of networking technologies—and having fun along the way. Infoblox offers a fast-paced, action-oriented environment. We promote a culture that embraces innovation, change, teamwork, and strong partnerships. Join the winning Infoblox team—our future looks bright, and so will yours.