Under the supervision of the Director of Decision Support, the Decision Support-Cost Accounting Supervisor is responsible for all Decision Support related and Cost Accounting services for Six Hospitals within Trinity Health. The position overseas the work of three staff analysts in the daily operation of and maintenance of the Decision Support (DS) system: Change Healthcare's (previously McKesson) Performance Analytics (PM) application. The Supervisor ensures the accuracy and timeliness of the data used to provide costing and financial analysis to key decision makers (including corporate and regional leadership teams) throughout the company and requires a strong working knowledge of system operations. This individual supervises and analyzes the preparation of quarterly Service Line profit and loss analysis, financial analysis and modeling, process and operations improvement functions and is knowledgeable of costing/cost allocation processes and contract terms. The Decision Support-Cost Accounting Supervisor is a liaison to the specified Hospital contact and participates in special projects as assigned. In addition to Change Healthcare (McKesson), or other DS/cost accounting vendors/products, knowledge of patient accounting systems (Meditech, Cerner, Epic, etc.) is favorable. Supervises and ensures the team performance of best practice procedures for weekly and monthly data integrations, validation and related processes to ensure the integrity of the patient centered datasets. Supervises and ensures the team updates the General Ledger datasets; prepares and analyzes quarterly cost accounting and estimated net revenue models. Supervises the creation, implementation and timely distribution of detailed Profit & Loss (P&L) reports which are distributed directly to the hospitals' Finance Directors and CFOs. Oversee the Cost Accounting and Net Revenue modules; following standardized audits and review procedures to ensure data integrity of all cost and reimbursement data; meeting assigned deadlines for completion. Develop a level of expertise, through experience and education that will allow for effective and efficient training of analysts and end-users throughout Trinity Health. Work collaboratively with teams and subject matter experts to promote and improve existing processes. Ensure the timely and accurate transfer of data to the web-based data visualization tool (Business Intelligence and Explorer). Successful candidates will be detailed-oriented and possess strong analytic and managerial skills with a drive to determine variances by researching cause and effects of data inputs; adaptable to on-going changes with the ability to organize, delegate and prioritize tasks to meet project deadlines. An effective communicator and educator with the potential to guide and mentor staff toward building a strong cohesive team.