This is your opportunity to match your creativity and love for data to continue to grow business and fame for a favored local Global Sportswear retailer. The Data Scientist for TBWA\Engage is a creative soul, responsible for organizing and collecting large datasets from all kinds of different sources, (web APIs, internal databases), performing exploratory data analyses, use statistical and econometric techniques on said datasets, identify the best techniques to identify causal impact and attribution, and develop, implement and deploy different modeling projects as required by the agency clients to create actionable initiatives. Responsibilities Provide POV's in new marketing analytics methodologies, techniques, tools & technology Derive and write clearly articulated key findings and observations from analyzing various data sources and determine a strategy on actionable next steps. Stay abreast of industry trends, best practices, and the evolving analytics landscape. Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends. Communicate results and actionable ideas for business growth to key decision makers. Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis. Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design. Requirements 2-4 years of work experience in marketing analytics or related field such as advertising, direct marketing, online marketing, loyalty marketing, using data to solve complex Marketing problems. Working knowledge of marketing/advertising/research principles. 2+ years’ practical experience on data processing, database programming and data analytics using programming languages such as R, Python, Java, SAS, SPSS, SQL, etc. Advanced skills in Excel functions: Pivots, advanced formulas/macros, multi-spreadsheet links. Background in data mining and statistical analysis. Able to understand various data structures and implement common methods in data transformation. Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills. Alignment with our Engage values Data is human, entrepreneurial, nimble and scrappy, big brands/all budgets. Leave ego at the door. Our ambition is to create compelling, effective communications for our clients that lift their businesses and brands. Ideas are our business. We believe that great ideas can come from anywhere. At the core we are a creative agency, and we see analytics as a truly creative discipline. Certain attitudes define how we work and are important in what we seek for our culture. Curiosity: Be open-minded to ideas wherever they come. Curious people are unafraid of change and growth. Collaboration: Be self-confident without a big ego and be eager to work with all types of people. Integrity: What we say is what we do - honesty and respect in our dealings are always required. Resourcefulness: To find ways to do whatever it takes for our clients and our people. Dedication: We celebrate passion and champion the entrepreneurial spirit. This is an incredible opportunity to grow and expand, to live up to your potential and to launch your career as an analytics expert. We are passionate about our work and you should be too. Join our dedicated team to see just how far you can go.