Policy Analyst, Government Funding Team Center for Employment Opportunities Who We Are The Center for Employment Opportunities (CEO) provides employment services to people with recent criminal convictions. Across the United States, over 5,000 people participate in CEO each year, transitioning to employment that supports themselves, their families, and their communities. What began as a demonstration project of the Vera Institute of Justice in the 1970s to address employment barriers facing the formerly incarcerated following release in New York City has grown into the leading reentry employment organization in the country, where over 25,000 formerly incarcerated individuals have secured full-time employment since 1996. Since 2009, CEO has gained support to expand its programs through government, nonprofit, and private organizations including the Federal Social Innovation Fund, the Edna McConnell Clark Foundation, Robin Hood Foundation, Tipping Point Community, Google.org, George Kaiser Family Foundation, James Irvine Foundation and Rockefeller Foundation. In 2016, CEO embarked on a 5-year strategic plan to grow to serve 9,000 participants annually. The Opportunity We’ve recently received funding to pilot a department dedicated to securing sustainable funding at the state-level for our work. In the past, we’ve pursued multiple funding streams from various local, state, and federal agencies, combining them to cover our operating costs. A successful state- level approach would allow us to more easily ramp up our offerings in existing cities and in turn enable us to offer larger-scale access to our model. To carry out this pilot, we’re building a team who will identify states for the pilot, develop a unified values proposition that outlines the benefits CEO could provide at a larger scale, the funding needed to achieve this, and the cost savings that would result for each state, and deliver the proposition to key individuals and agencies. We’re seeking a strong researcher and writer to serve as the Policy Analyst for this pilot who will research and develop key content based on findings to provide to identified individuals at the state level. This is a great opportunity for an individual interested in supporting a newly formed department in laying the groundwork for and securing state-level commitments that will enable CEO to deepen its impact on people and communities that have experienced cycles of incarceration and poverty. This position is currently funded for two years. Continuation of the position is dependent upon availability of future funding which we hope to be able to secure. Additional Responsibilities Identify relevant state budgets Research workforce and justice-related policies Develop fact sheets and policy briefs on potential strategies for increasing investment in re-entry employment services Identify and capture strong practices and state-led reentry employment initiatives that leverage state funding (e.g. justice reinvestment initiatives) Provide additional support that enables team to move projects forward in multiple states Who You Are You are deeply dedicated to social justice and come to CEO with 2-3 years of demonstrated experience in policy research and analysis and a desire to dig deep into the criminal justice and workforce development realms. You thrive best in fast-growing and results-oriented environments and enjoy taking initiative to secure the information needed to move your work forward. You’re a strong researcher and are skilled in quickly producing content based on your findings. You’re able to accurately and with quality convey and communicate your learnings to others, tailoring your approach to the needs of a specific audience. Your attention to detail allows you to juggle multiple projects at one time. You are comfortable with technology, including Google Suite and Salesforce. You’re eager to build your knowledge about local policy and how decisions are made in various states. Compensation and Benefits The salary range for this position is $50-65K, commensurate with demonstrated experience and abilities. We also offer a comprehensive benefits package, including medical and dental coverage, paid parental leave, participation in a retirement plan, sick and vacation leave, paid holidays and more. We're a workplace that promotes continual learning and teamwork, offering lunch and learns, team outings, holiday gatherings and more for our staff. Note: Applications without a cover letter will not be considered. More About Us We welcome diversity and highly encourage applications from people of color and people with convictions. We are an equal employment opportunity for all regardless of race, color, citizenship, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran or reservist status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law.