Veritiv has an expansive North American network with more than 180 locations, and we do business with more than half of the Fortune 500. We're a big company, but we’re also a new company, shaping our systems and processes to support a successful and sustainable future. We don't just encourage an entrepreneurial spirit, we embody it. Are you looking to join a company where you feel empowered in your work and your job is not just a job, but a path toward a rewarding and successful career? Do you want to be part of a company that customers and suppliers not only want to do business with but need to do business with? If you answered yes, then Veritiv might be the place for you. We encourage you to learn about and apply to Veritiv if you seek a unique work experience, where diverse ideas are met with enthusiasm, and where you can realize your full potential. Position Description Job Summary and Scope: The Graphic Designer I, will create and develop packaging graphic solutions for a variety of clients. Under general direction. Utilizing current graphic design technology and computer software to develop, and edit, graphic layouts to meet customer needs. Prepares files for optimum alignment through quoting and sourcing. Investigates and procures all data necessary to prepare graphic concepts and digital printed mock-ups. Originates design art and graphic layouts to produce quality graphic design and 3D illustrations. Has primary accountability for graphic development ensuring that project parameters are satisfied. Will analyze and recommend proper substrate, ink, type, illustrations and process. Works in an unrestrained innovative environment. Capable of generating multiple creative ideas for a single project. Has knowledge of the print industry, inks & coatings, print processes and techniques. Ensures that graphic projects are completed on time and align with customer expectations and project scope. Flexible to changing priorities and multiple edits. Capable of digital photography and editing photos, collaborates with sales and project managers worldwide to provide graphic design solutions that meet customers’ expectations. Uses knowledge of graphic design software to produce graphic art and visual materials for packaging, and collateral material. Generates and manipulates graphic images, animations, sound, text and video into consolidated and seamless multimedia output. Must remain abreast of technological advances in the field and be able to identify areas of use in the organization. May require a bachelor's degree or its equivalent and 0-3 years of experience in the field or in a related area. Has knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular field. Relies on instructions and pre-established guidelines to perform the functions of the job. Works under immediate supervision Job Responsibilities : Ability to visualize concepts and turn concepts into 3D renderings, graphic layouts and physical mock-ups General knowledge of commercial art and printing industry. Working knowledge of in-house graphic design equipment. Design and layout printed and graphic materials Perform routine and complex duties in the preparation of printing specifications Design and produce quality graphic design artwork Utilize graphic design equipment Contact in-house or outside vendors to verify print specifications Prepare design layouts, specifications and mechanicals for booklets, brochures, packaging and other printed and graphic materials analyze and select proper paper, ink, type, illustrations and printing techniques to be used in total production Coordinate interrelated activities with others to promote efficient workflow Maintains comunication with clients, other staff members and vendors, including illustrators, photographers, printers and writers, in order to communicate job specifications and ensure deadlines are met Meet with clients, program managers and sales representative to develop design concepts, gather information, discuss alternatives, gain approval and review design specifications Qualifications / Knowledge & Experience: BS degree in Print, Graphics, Branding, Marketing 0-3 years Duration in prior role: N/A Entry level understanding of Adobe Creative Cloud Ability to work in 2D and 3D. Ability to prepare high quality customer presentations to identify multiple concepts or ideas. Understanding of software required to manipulate digital photographs. Ability to visualize concepts and turn concepts into 3D renderings, graphic layouts and physical mock-ups. General knowledge of commercial art and printing industry. Working knowledge of in-house graphic design equipment. Working Conditions/Physical Requirement : Ability to generate prototypes (cutting, folding, gluing) Ability to work with standard materials like paper, folding carton, corrugated, and films. Direct communication with PM's, Designers, Regional Mgrs. and Sales Works effectively in both individual and team environments. Ability to take direction from others and accept constructive criticism. Decision Rights : Graphic design proposals Making graphic design changes per customer instructions Defining printing specifications Designing layouts Choosing correct colors Ensuring graphic output meets industry standards for manufacturability Veritiv is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Individuals seeking employment are considered without regards to race, ethnicity, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, age, disability, gender identity or expression, genetic information, national origin, protected veteran status or any other classification protected by law. Additionally, Veritiv will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with Veritiv’s legal duty to furnish information. If you would like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant, please click here: http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf