Our Corporate team may not provide direct care, but we still touch people's lives in a very real and substantial way. The services we provide contribute greatly to the overall patient and member experience, supporting our reputation for excellence. Responsibilities: MJHS is seeking an Information Security Analyst with Incident response, vulnerability management, penetration testing and event management (SIEM) experience. The ideal candidate will be part of our information security team and must have strong technical foundations in interpreting security events, the capability to analyze large sets of data and a genuine curiosity and passion for information security investigations. The individual within this role will: Monitor, investigate and interpret SIEM logs and MSSP alarms for Information Security events. Investigate and document gaps in existing controls. Create documentation for policies and procedures as needed. Documenting investigations. Participate in Incident Response activities. Analyze and interpret malware, exploit and threat activities. Perform audits of information systems and controls. Conduct regular vulnerability scans on systems and applications. Qualifications: Requirements: Bachelor degree in IT related discipline or equivalent experience. 3+ years of Information Technology experience. 1+ years experience of full-time information security related experience. Working knowledge of application & infrastructure security solutions (Firewalls, Intrusion Detection/Prevention Systems, Network Security, Password Management, Data Encryption, and Access Control). Preferred Skills: Strong Windows, Networking and Malware analysis background. Ability to prioritize competing work assignments and initiative to complete tasks. Working knowledge of ITSM, incident handling, security frameworks and best practices. Experience with vulnerability testing. Experience with penetration testing. Strong interpersonal and communication skills. CEH, GIAC GCIA, GSEC, Security+ or other security certifications preferred. Benefits: We truly value our staff and further acknowledge their contributions by offering: Employee and family health coverage Competitive salaries Employer contributed pension plan Generous time off Tuition reimbursement 403(b) retirement plan Connect With Us!: Not ready to apply? Connect with us to learn about upcoming opportunities and events at MJHS.