BrandSafwayPayroll AdministratorEast Hazel Crest, IL 60429 BrandSafway Services is hiring for a Payroll Administrator in East Hazel Crest, IL. The Payroll Administrator performs a variety of moderately difficult and advanced administrative and clerical dutiesto support office operations and to maximize branch revenue and profitability. DESCRIPTION OF ESSENTIAL DUTIES: Acquire, process, balance and retain weekly payroll timecard data entry for the branch(es) Run and audit payroll and deductions reports and proofread for accuracy Perform stop pay/void check process, including completion and distribution of check log Create, process and manage certified payroll reports Prepare and/or oversee the preparation of the hourly payroll to pay for all hours worked in an accurate and timely fashion in accordance with operating procedures, federal/state tax withholding requirements, and, where applicable, the collective bargaining agreement. Process payroll deductions check requests. Process, where applicable, union due changes. Set up pay card funding for employees, log it into the database, and process pay card entries Create and maintain a SSN verification binder of approved print out’s on all employees including maintaining separate files for copies of SSN cards/driver’s ID etc. according to company policy and guidelines. Administer and maintain active/inactive employees in Ceridian every 90 days Process checkmate checks & complete check log with backup and send to Corporate Payroll weekly Annually update, if applicable, all union and codes in Ceridian with the correct union benefits/deductions for the following calendar year per your union contract Process monthly union reports for each branch if applicable Create fringe benefit statements along with hourly breakdowns for certain employees Complete new hire and rehire processing in Ceridian, along with E-verify processing and auditing of I-9 forms Process layoff checks and terminations Complete employment verifications as requested Administer, if necessary, the employee’s portion of the union 401K Track vacation (PTO) time for all yard and nonunion employees DESCRIPTION OF NONESSENTIAL DUTIES: Various office administrative tasks, such as filing and answering the phones QUALIFICATIONS: Requires education generally equivalent to a high school diploma. It is desirable for the incumbent to have attained additional business related education or additional specialized training in the administrative field. Requires 1 to 3 years of payroll administrative/office work experience, It is desirable for the incumbent to have previous experience in the construction industry. Prior experience working with unions is a plus. Requires excellent oral and written communication skills to effectively communicate with employees, customers, and personnel at other branch offices and headquarters. Requires proficiency in Microsoft Office, including intermediate level experience in Excel and Word in addition to a payroll processing system (Ceridian, Kronos, Elations, LCP Tracker, Emars Reporting, etc.). Prior knowledge and proficiency in using a 10 key calculator. Requires the ability to think critically and problem solve Requires the ability to process and handle confidential and sensitive information with discretion Requires good organizational skills and good judgment in making decisions BrandSafway is an equal opportunity employer and considers candidates regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status. BrandSafway is also an E-Verify participant. Safway is an equal opportunity employer and considers candidates regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status. Safway is also an E-Verify participant. If you need disability accommodations, please contact us at (281)479-3506 orhr@safway.com If you want to view the EEO is the Law poster, please choose your language:English–Spanish–Arabic-Chinese If you want to view the EEO is the Law Supplement poster, please choose your language:English - Spanish If you want to view the Pay Transparency Policy Statement, please click the link below:English