Emailage is on an exciting new journey of growth. Want to be a part of it? We’re always looking for top-notch talent to join our ranks. You’ll have an opportunity to make a difference each and every day, alongside a team that is experienced, talented and passionate. We are looking for a South America Fraud Prevention Manager, providing a proper proof of concept for potential customers is essential to the sustained success of our organization. We are looking for a customer facing, data oriented, and process driven individual to lead potential customers through a full proof of concept to display the value of Emailage in our growing South America Region. This role works with Sales, Product and Marketing to ensure the most successful proof of concept possible. The South America Fraud Prevention Specialist reports directly to the General Manager in South America and works with cross functional teams to deliver excellent service to our potential customers. The ideal candidate is passionate about working with a dynamic team to deliver a world class customer experience. Main Objective Ensure that every prospect recognizes the value Emailage solution can offer and how is the best way to leverage it. Responsibilities Actively support the expansion of Emailage in South America Establish a trusted/strategic advisor relationship with each prospect and drive continued value of our products and services; Along with Account Executives, run proof of concepts for potential customers in order to show the value that Emailage solution can bring for their businesses (suggest rule calibrations, perform weekly meetings, build and present a business case) Work closely with managers to understand requirements and build project timelines and execute on due dates Work closely with Account Executives to identify and/or develop upsell opportunities in actual accounts Interact with multiple teams internally and externally i.e. partners, customers, sales, product, marketing Facilitate working sessions, presentations and meetings with stakeholders and drive key client presentations Continually improve and enhance the proof of concept process Develop deep knowledge of our prospects and their needs, as this is key in increasing adoption and ensuring retention/satisfaction Qualifications and Experience: Bachelor´s Degree 2+ years of experience in Payments or Fraud Prevention Industry Spanish + English proficiency is mandatory Experienced in a customer facing environment Logical and analytical skills Advanced skills in MS Office package Integrity and motivation Solid interpersonal skills and ability to collaborate with others Location: Emailage office in São Paulo, with availability for travels in South America About Emailage Emailage, founded in 2012 and with offices across the globe, is a leader in helping companies significantly reduce online fraud. Through key partnerships, proprietary data, and machine-learning technology, Emailage builds a multi- dimensional profile associated with a customer’s email address and renders a predictive risk score. Customers realize significant savings from identifying and stopping fraudulent transactions. To learn more, visit: www.emailage.com. contact : [email protected]