JOB PURPOSE/ JOB SUMMARY Manage Customer Quality engineers who are assigned product quality servicing responsibilities at Automotive customers and outside processors. The manager will provide the leadership needed to advocate for the customer and drive alignment with internal USS functions such that we meet or exceed our customers’ expectations in the quality of our products and services. This includes the U.S. Steel Carnegie Way (DMAIC) transformational leadership to drive out internal and supply chain waste and continuously improve cost of poor quality such that we convey a lean and world class provider of products and services to our customers. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: Takes the lead in managing the executive quality relationships with the assigned key customer accounts. Provide direction and leadership to a remote team of CQEs (Customer Quality Engineers) and supporting internal USS functions to drive resolution of customer and outside processor technical and quality issues with our products. Drive customer and industry (AIAG Effective Problem Solving guideline) expectations in problem solving. Lead coaching teams on customer specific formats as required (8D/5D, A3, DMAIC 6Panel, PRR, etc…). Act as an advocate for our customers to ensure the USS team meets product, delivery, and application requirements, including specific process requirements such as change management and problem solving process disciplines. Work with USS mills to establish material boundary samples, quality standards, and develop testing and evaluation techniques to ensure material quality is to customer’s expectations and requirements. Monitor quality performance, support and actively communicate corrective action work across the supply chains (from mills to outside processors thru “end use” customers). Contribute towards continuous improvement activities in product quality and process efficiency across the supply chain. Understand and be able to apply product quality standards, customer specifications and industry standards. Be familiar with capabilities and limitations of producing mills and outside processors and have the ability to communicate this information to customers. Coordinate quality activities with corporate, mill, processor and customer quality departments. Ensure accurate transfer of customer requirements or processing instructions to the mills and processors. Ensure results are documented in dispomatic system, following established policies. Develop and maintain CQE University with CQE Director for domains and competencies. Research and evaluate internal and external training opportunities and develop training where required Ensure CQE team members are continuously improving the necessary skills for their job functions. Proactively engages across functions and within the businesses to identify meaningful opportunities for improving efficiencies and reducing costs. Utilizes knowledge, skills, and influence to facilitate breakthrough performance across the organization. Leads across the business to identify and share company-wide best practices, sets the priorities for business excellence, and identifies future projects that will drive U. S. Steel’s Corporate Performance Scorecard. Influence the organization to ensure the right quality metrics on the scorecard. Leads by example and develops others on quality principles and tools for implementing creative solutions for system and process improvements. Develops operational, metrics-based benchmarking to identify and share best practices. Serve as a change leader for the organization, in delivering engaging people safely (EPS) and change management efforts. EDUCATION, KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Bachelor’s degree in engineering or a closely related field; master’s degree in business administration preferred. At least 10 years of professional work experience with a minimum of three years defining, leading and executing change that produced demonstrably value outcomes through the ability to inspire others to do likewise. Experience should include a minimum of 10 years in Automotive OEM Production Stamping Manufacturing and Die Process Engineering as well as 10 years inside of the steel industry including CQE experience (knowledge of steel quality requirements and sources of quality issues). This should include understanding of formability data analysis to recommend tooling, process or design changes to aid with customer formability and manufacturing issues. Strong project and program management skills. Strong structured problem solving, Lean Six Sigma experience of 5+ years with certification credentials. Demonstrated level of business acumen such as knowledge of P&L levers. Results-based leadership skill set with strong impact and influencing skills in cross–functional matrix environment. Tenacity, people skills and energy in leading change towards an effective work environment. Ability to communicate effectively to motivate team and others, maintaining a persuasive and credible presentation style at all levels of the organization. Experience leading cross-functional teams on projects leveraging Carnegie Way (DMAIC) methodologies preferred.