We believe that clothes — and how you make them — can make a difference. Since 1853, we’ve been obsessed with innovation to meet people’s needs. We invented the first blue jean. And we reinvented khaki pants. We pioneered labor and environmental guidelines for our manufacturing partners. And we work to build sustainability into everything we do. As the company executes toward our 2020 and 2025 corporate sustainability targets, there is an increasing need for measurement, tracking, and reporting. If you’re a proactive, results- driven person who loves to dive into the weeds and strives to understand the story behind our data, you will thrive in this role. A company doesn’t last 160 years by standing still. It endures by reinventing itself, striving to delight its consumers, winning in the marketplace, and by remaining true to its values. We employ more than 17,000 people around the world – supporting great brands, including Levi’s®, Dockers®, and Denizen®. Our employees are committed to innovation, creativity, and collaboration. We are looking for a Sustainability Analyst who will bring clarity, organization and technical environmental knowledge to our team. This very exciting position will play a key role in LS&Co.’s sustainability initiatives, including our aggressive targets for reducing carbon emissions by 2025. The quantitative complexity of this role will be high, but this person needs to also have strong project management skills. The Analyst will be expected to solve problems independently often while consulting colleagues from other functions. The position is accountable for delivering timely, accurate, credible data for internal and external consumption. Key Responsibilities: Lead data collection and analysis of multiple environmental sustainability programs – including Water<Less® production data, Better Cotton procurement, and other initiatives. (40% of time) Guide LS&Co.’s annual greenhouse gas reporting process from start to finish, including data gathering, GHG inventory development, data QA/QC, third-party verification, internal reporting and completing CDP disclosure. (30% of time) Manage the development of supply chain tracking solutions to support seasonal tracking and development of analytics to support the business. Track, measure, analyze, and report seasonal sustainable product status. (10% of time) Support integration of key sustainability KPIs and metrics into multiple functional areas. Support the Sustainability Global Head of Reporting on integrating databases for ease of data management overall. (10% of time) Collaborate with cross-functional teams to improve and adjust the marketing claims process for validation and verification on measurement of material impacts, energy, chemistry, and water impacts. (10% of time) Serve as subject matter expert on international standards for environmental product claims and substantiation requirements Required Education, Experience and Competencies: Bachelor’s Degree, Master’s degree in an environmental or related field highly preferred 2+ years’ experience in environmental sustainability analytics Technical background in sustainability or environmental science, including knowledge of the principles of carbon accounting and water impact measurement. Excellent Excel and data analysis skills including demonstrated ability to comfortably perform more advanced Excel functions and data visualization techniques. PowerPoint proficiency required. Experience with Power BI or Tableau is a plus. Experience compiling raw energy data from multiple sources and preparing a greenhouse gas inventory. Excellent written and verbal communication skills; strong interpersonal skills. Ability to work with a variety of people and across different cultures and time zones Manages and prioritizes multiple tasks Must be self-motivated, proactive, and flexible with careful attention to detail _The Company's policy is to provide equal opportunity to all persons without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression, marital status, Vietnam era/disabled veteran status, physical or mental disability, or other protected classes prohibited by applicable law. Company policy prohibits harassment of applicants or employees on the basis of_ _any protected classes. The Company has established a continuing Affirmative Action Program to assure equal employment opportunity in all its policy decisions affecting recruitment, selection, assignment, promotion, training, and all other terms and conditions of employment._ LOCATION 1155 Battery St. San Francisco, CA, 94111 FULL TIME/PART TIME Full time