Requisition Number: 3503 Division: Human Resources Employment Duration: Part time Employment Status: Temporary Shift: Varied Company Overview Boardriders, Inc., is the world’s leading action sports and lifestyle company that designs, produces and distributes branded apparel, footwear and accessories for Boardriders around the world. The Company’s apparel and footwear brands, represent a casual lifestyle for young‐minded people who are inspired by a passion for outdoor action sports. The Company’s Quiksilver, Billabong, Roxy, DC Shoes, RVCA, Element, VonZipper, Xcel, Kustom and Palmers brands have authentic roots and heritage in surf, snow and skate. With approximately 10,000 team members globally, the Company’s products are sold in more than 110 countries in a wide range of distribution, including surf shops, skate shops, snow shops, its proprietary Boardriders stores and other Company‐owned retail stores, select department stores and through various e‐ commerce channels. _Boardriders is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer including: Minorities/Women/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans_ This is an un-paid , for college credit internship Boardriders, Inc.; Quiksilver , Roxy and DC Shoes offer internships in various departments and provide college students with supervised practical experience in the workplace. You can intern in departments like Merchandising & Design, Retail Buying, Marketing, Public Relations, Operations and Human Resources to name a few. To be considered for the Internship Program you MUST : Be a Junior or Senior currently enrolled at a college or university; or enrolled in an MBA program AND Receive school credit for your internship AND Able to provide proof of health insurance _(Please note: Students are eligible to intern during their course dates. Students may not begin before course date or continue past course date unless authorization letter is provided)_ What would you be doing? Business Intelligence Interns will learn how a corporate Business Intelligence department functions. Interns will be exposed to concepts such as data warehousing, reporting, data integrity, data mapping, data visualization, ETL (Extract ,Transfer ,Load ), requirements gathering, user security, and documentation. Interns may also have an opportunity to work with tools such as SAP Business Objects and Tableau. Interns will experience how integral a Business Intelligence team is to all functions of an organization. Soft skills such as communication and problem solving accompanied with attention to detail are the attributes of a successful candidate. What Skills, Major or Experience are we looking for? Information Technology or Business majors Basic computer skills including Microsoft Office (Word, Excel and Outlook) Sharp attention to detail Basic understanding of data warehousing concepts Perks! Interns receive discounts for all brands Access to our onsite gym Attend company events Unlimited networking opportunities Casual work environment