Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description _Allstate Insurance Company has an exceptional career opportunity for an Big Data/Hadoop Senior Engineer in Irving, TX!_ This Senior Consultant is an experienced individual contributor who will leverage data and analytics to help automate and optimize Claims Analytics Data processes enabling our Claims employees to focus on serving our customers and delivering the most advanced claims experience on the planet. They will be responsible for helping to bring together complex data into clean and useful data structures making our valuable data more approachable. Key Responsibilities: Involved in the design, prototyping and delivery of software solutions within the big data eco-system Work independently on big data projects and/or serving as analytics SME to provide new or enhanced data to the business Improving data governance and quality increasing the reliability of our data Influencing the creation of a single, trusted source for key Claims business data that can be shared across the Enterprise Responsible for designing and building new Big Data systems for turning data into actionable insights Train and mentor junior team members on Big Data/Hadoop tools and technologies Identifies opportunities for improvement and presents recommendations to management Develop solutions and iterates quickly to continuously improve Seeks out and evaluates emerging big data technologies and open-source packages Participate in strategic planning discussions with technical and non-technical partners Uses, learns, teaches, and supports a wide variety of Big Data and Analytics tools to achieve results (i.e., Python, Hadoop, HIVE, Scala, Impala and others). Uses, learns, teaches, and supports a wide variety of programming languages on Big Data and Analytics work (i.e. Java, Python, SQL, R) Job Qualifications Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering (or related field) or equivalent experience preferred 3-5 years of experience preferred in a data integration, ETL and/or business intelligence/analytics related function Ability to work with broad parameters in complex situations Experience in developing, managing, and manipulating large, complex datasets Expert high-level coding skills such as SQL and Python and/or other scripting languages(UNIX) required. Scala is a plus. Some understanding and exposure to - streaming toolsets such as Kafka, FLINK, spark streaming a plus. Experience with source control solutions (ex git, GitHub, Jenkins, Artifactory) required At least 1-2 years of experience with big data and the Hadoop ecosystem (HDFS, SPARK, SQOOP, Hive, Impala, Parquet) required Experience with Agile development methodologies and tools to iterate quickly on product changes, developing user stories and working through backlog (Continuous Integration and JIRA a plus) Experience in any scheduling tools such as IBM Tivoli Workload Scheduler, Control M, AutoSys, etc required The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.