Organization and Job ID Job ID: 308146 Directorate: National Security Division: Computing and Analytics Group: Operations and Analysis Job Description Produce domain-specific, mission-related analysis for the national security community and private sector clients. Analyze large network traffic data sets and produce technical reports that range from short vignettes to wide and encompassing strategic analysis products. Work with analysts in the development of threat reporting that is appropriately documented; develop expert opinions and judgments on areas of responsibility; provide timely support to sponsor requests; and remain current on emerging threats, relevant intelligence and open source reporting. Research leads, understand the technologies and techniques used to analyze the data, evaluate hypotheses, and fuse intelligence reporting with network data to produce high quality reports. Prepare portions of written deliverables, completing research tasks as assigned and drafting portions of intelligence products as well as presenting results to peers, and eventually senior executives. Prepare briefings for sponsors and customers, eventually growing to give the briefings. Engage with customers, and provide timely feedback and trouble-shooting to customer requests, as appropriate. Discipline, principal job duties/expectations, and qualitative and quantitative measures of performance that exceed the Functional Descriptor: Analyzes problems associated with the mission. Builds stable working relationships internally and externally. Professionally applies company policies and procedures to resolve routine to complex issues. Identifies creative ways to solve problems related to the mission and works with other analysts and the program manager to implement the solutions. Works with other analysts and managers, regularly; interfaces with customers and sponsors semi-regularly, and creates a reputation for technical prowess while building leadership skills. Works independently and with little oversight, and engages with project teams easily. Operating on the data-information-knowledge continuum, staff at PNNL employ diverse methods to confront significant problems of national interest—from distilling distributed data into knowledge that supports decision processes, to enabling resilient technologies that enhance computing at extreme scales, to equipping cyber defenders with tools that prevent damaging cyber-attacks. Our research portfolio—spanning from basic to applied—includes data and computational engineering, high-performance computing, applied mathematics, semantic and human language technologies, machine learning, data and computing architectures, systems integration, and software and application development. Computing researchers and practitioners work side by side to apply advanced theories, methods, algorithms, models, evaluation tools and testbeds, and computational-based solutions address complex scientific challenges affecting energy, biological sciences, the environment, and national security. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s with 2-4 years of experience, or Master’s with 0-2 years of experience. Experience in one or more of the following areas: Principles and practices of network security monitoring, intelligence analysis, data analysis. Preferred Qualifications Degree in Cyber Security, Computer Science, Intelligence Analysis, or related field. Understanding or proficiency of network protocols used in various critical infrastructure applications. Education or experience in cyber analysis, computer science, network engineering, SCADA/process controls, or analysis of big data. Equal Employment Opportunity Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov. Other Information This position requires the ability to obtain a federal security clearance in a timely manner. Which requires: U.S. Citizenship Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B. Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP). Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated. While internal candidates are required to complete the Pre-Screening questions included in the application process, they do NOT need to resubmit information regarding eligibility to work in the United States. Likewise, internal candidates do NOT need to complete an additional background check EXCEPT in those situations where a Security Clearance is required and the staff member does not have a Security Clearance. This position may require some domestic travel. _Directorate: _ _National Security Dir_ _Job Category: _ _Computation and Information Sciences_ _Group: _ _Operations and Analysis_ _Opening Date: _ _2018-07-25_ _Closing Date: _ _2018-08-13_