About base2Services base2Services provides DevOps as a Service to development teams and ambitious organisations to help them build and manage innovative, scalable and agile cloud based solutions. With more than 10 years of experience working with Amazon Web Services (AWS) and DevOps practices, the company helps customers transition to autoscaling, self-healing environments on AWS and gives them the ability to deploy as often as they need integrating CI/CD tools and repeatable processes. Your role As an engineer, you are expected to identify improvements in a number of areas. These include optimising technical processes, technical tasks and technologies that are new or not part of the reference architecture. Your approach, development skills and ops skills will bridge the gap and result in automating the desired outcome. With the fore thinking of reuse across a breadth of customer platforms, this artefact is then added to the reference library of templates for future use. Team process and approach is repeated and continually enhanced, with the use of our reference library this accelerates the onboarding of new customers and efficiencies when driving improvements to our current customer base. As an engineer, you will engage daily with internal and external clients/teams. Customer satisfaction is very important, all interactions need to be consistent, responsive, timely and collaborative. base2 team culture is supportive, collaborative and aligned. As a member of the global team you will deliver outcomes through a standard approach and process. You are not shy and like to share your ideas. With the use of automation, you will be responsible for the development and delivery of cloud based solutions. This includes the capability to build multiple environments, automatically deploy customer application(s) and continuous integration tools. Customer success is paramount to ‘what’ we do and ‘why’, as an engineer you will engage and work closely with customer development teams to make changes earlier, more often, within development and test environments. A Managed Service is what we offer, which includes 24 x7 proactive production support. Working within a global team that delivers change on a weekly cycle, you can prioritise your workload, speak up and request assistance from peers to deliver and on time. Skills Required Excellent written and verbal communication skills. High levels of self organisation and the ability to multi task across customers. Strong capability to engage, collaborate and raise discussions with the internal and customer teams. Demonstrate the capability to problem solve, look for solutions and communicate these openly in a timely manner. Critical thinking capacity, ability to see implications of actions and technical design. Knowledge, Experience and Qualification Understanding and experience in supporting applications in AWS and/or Azure. A good understanding and hands on experience of using Linux and Windows platforms. Experience with using cloud infrastructure automation tools, ie: Cloudformation Experience in orchestration and provisioning tools is desirable eg: CHEF/Puppet/Ansible Experience with the development of Continuous Integration build pipelines and management of these, ie: Jenkins Proven experience with scripting languages, ie: Ruby, Python NodeJS Desirable to have experience with programming languages, ie: Java, C+, C++ and NodeJS Amazon Web Services Certifications - must have entry level AWS Associate certifications SysOps Adminstrator or Developer. Microsoft Azure Certifications – Highly desirable to have Microsoft Certifications Solutions Associate (MCSA), Expert (MCSE) or Developer (MCSD). Styles/Values and Attitudes You can absolutely by trusted with very sensitive information Must have a positive can do approach and work along side peers who are like minded that are constantly learning through customer outcomes. Prepared to adjust known methods to fit in with processes, customer requirements and find new ways of doing things. Know when to take initiative, speak up and are prepared to do so. Realise that customer success is our success, so you must want to help our customers achieve their objectives. Research and Development aspirations, you will need to want to push the boundaries through experiments/trials of new ideas. Benefits Healthcare Compensation Fast paced working environment, very collaborative and a dynamic team, work with smart like-minded peers, always collaborating. Playpen to test your ideas, learn and innovate through experimentation. It is not a consulting role, you’ll work with some amazing customers to deliver their successes over long service engagements If you’d like to find out more about the role please fill the details below Direct applications only, please no contact from recruitment agencies.