The IT Systems Engineer is responsible for implementing operating system enhancements that will improve the reliability, performance and security of our IT systems, and executing the installation, deployment and maintenance of the company?s Windows Systems. He/she will also assist with IT technical support in a Windows, Microsoft Office, and Epicor ERP manufacturing environment. Essential Duties and Responsibilities : Under the direction of the Director of Information Technology he/she will: Handle installation, deployment and on-going maintenance of Windows Systems (2012, 2012 R2, 2016). Implement operating system enhancements that will improve the reliability, performance and security of the system(s). Modify or create processes to ease day-to-day administration & support tasks. Author new and/or update existing documentation on servers & procedures to maintain accuracy. Schedule hardware / software installations, patching and upgrades and confirm compliance with established IT policies and procedures. Troubleshoot various issues (i.e. hardware break / fix, performance, etc.), respond to escalations and perform repairs, as needed. Complete training as needed to stay current on IT practices and understand his/her contribution to the achievement of company objectives. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications: BSCS, BSIT, BSIS or equivalent combination of education and experience 3+ years of experience as a Windows Server Administrator with MCSE certifications (or equivalent) in Windows Server 2012 and / or 2016; 2+ years experience with Windows Server 2012/2016 Hyper-V 3+ years of experience in fast-paced high-availability production environments with an emphasis on remote "lights-out" management of systems Hands-on experience working with current and older HP Proliant & c-Class Blade servers Expertise in general Windows Server installation, build, administration, security, backups & restorations and troubleshooting Extremely proficient and possess hands-on experience in the areas of hardware and operating system installation, configuration and support in an Enterprise environment. Experience with HP servers (rack mount and c-Class Blade platform) and knowledgeable of Cisco UCS & IBM hardware Experience with TCP/IP and networking fundamentals Experience with networking services such as DNS, WINS, DHCP, FTP, etc. Ability to prioritize work based on department and production objectives. Advanced interpersonal skills, along with the ability to communicate effectively and maintain credibility with customers, suppliers, and across all levels in the business. Superior problem solving and analytical skills; demonstrated passion for solving problems and operational excellence. Strong writing, organizational and verbal communication skills. Physical activities can include standing, walking, lifting, pushing or carrying heavy objects, sitting for long periods of time, keyboarding, computer and desk work. Preferred Qualifications: Experience with handling installation, deployment and on-going maintenance of LINUX Systems (Kernel version 3 and greater). Experience with Windows Scripting Technology, such as PowerShell, WMI and Batch scripting, and UNIX/LINUX shell scripting (i.e. BASH, KSH, CSH, KORN).. Experience with infrastructure monitoring solutions such as Nagios Core/XI.. Experience with IAM (Identity & Access Managements) solutions such as Apache Syncope. Experience with IDS/IPS (Intrusion Detection/Intrusion Prevention) solutions such as Security Onion. Experience with firewalls such as Sophos/pfSense/Juniper/Cisco/Palo Alto. Experience with RADUIS implementations.