About Us Korn Ferry is a global organizational consulting firm. We help companies design their organization – the structure, the roles and responsibilities, as well as how they compensate, develop and motivate their people. We help organizations select and hire the talent they need to execute their strategy. Our approximately 7,000 colleagues serve clients in more than 50 countries. As a member of the Korn Ferry team, you will have endless opportunities to innovate, make an impact, and work with the best. You will also have plenty of freedom to chart your own course, as you grow and develop with our business. Talent matters at Korn Ferry. We have created a colleague-centric culture where everyone has the opportunity to make an impact – on our business, on our clients' businesses, and on their own careers. Some of the things that make our culture special: Creativity – We look to one another to generate innovative solutions, not only for our clients but also for ourselves. Collaboration – We work in an open environment with a borderless mentality, sharing the expertise of our team members around the world. Performance – We are committed to exceeding client expectations, so high performance levels are a given. Inclusivity – We encourage everyone to contribute to the success of the business; there is no role at Korn Ferry that is insignificant. Integrity – We believe that how you go about business is as important as business results. Agility – We work in a fast-moving, dynamic industry where change is the only constant and flexibility is key to our success. The Role The Sr. Manager of Reporting and Data Visualization is responsible for translating complex technical and business requirements into compelling data visualization concepts. Key Accountabilities Work collaboratively with the user experience and product development teams, as well as writers, scientists, and subject matter experts. Create comps, wire frames, sketches and design specifications to represent a library of data visualizations, reports, and rich metrics for use in various consumer-based products. Partner with KFI scientists to understand assessment and analytics data, in order to determine what information needs to be shared with consultants and clients. Summarize and document scoring and design logic for handoff to developers. Establish reporting principles that draw upon best practices and leverage ideas from other industries. Create design specifications that highlight salient information in an appropriately accessible and comprehensive way. Provide requirements that drive reporting dashboards that are navigable by C-suite executives and HR professionals. Document requirements, in detail, to inform content developers, IT developers, and other groups responsible for building the final product. Draw upon UX best practices to provide user stories that allow for the building of assessment interfaces, interactive reporting, and development extensions. Partner with graphic designers in CTG (Client technology group) to finalize designs and bring them within brand standards. Gather requirements for KFI standard reports, as well as custom client reports, as necessary. Partner with client analytics team to design and implement reports and data visuals for client deliverables. Partner with report writing center to provide thought leadership on best standards for the implementation of standard templates for common requests. Other duties, as assigned. Skills & Experience Required Bachelor’s degree in graphic design, fine arts, information science, information design, library science, or related field. User centered design knowledge. Rapid prototyping and iterative design process. Information design. Information and data visualization design principles and best practices. Knowledge of structured and unstructured data, and the use of this data within rich business intelligence tools and application. Proficiency with HTML and CSS. Practical knowledge of Adobe CS (Illustrator, Photoshop and InDesign) and MS Office (Excel and PowerPoint). Familiar with industry best-practices related to print design and brand identity. Working knowledge of web development and technologies, as they relate to design. Familiarity with optimizing graphics for online use. Facilitation skills. Executive presence. Stakeholder management. Excellent spoken, written, and visual communication skills. Exceptional creativity, enthusiasm, team spirit, commitment, and professionalism. Ability to meet tough deadlines and juggle multiple projects. Strong design skills and good grasp of visual hierarchy. Interest in knowledge management best practices. Must present portfolio of work that shows versatile design specifications, wireframes, and aesthetic examples of innovative and thoughtful product, dashboard and data visualization design. Preferred Master’s Degree in graphic design, fine arts, information science, information design, library science, or related field. Understanding and knowledge of data driven web based analytical reporting frameworks such as D3.js, jQuery, AMCharts, Microsoft Bi, Tableau, QlickView, and other rich media tools. Proficiency with JavaScript. Project management. Working knowledge of statistics. Coding language, web design, development. Knowledge of enterprise software development (for example, Agile methods). Understanding of user-centered design and user research methods. Other LEADERSHIP CHARACTERISTICS Understanding the business Knows the business and the mission-critical technical and functional skills needed to do the job; understands various types of business propositions and understands how businesses operate in general; learns new methods and technologies easily. Making complex decisions Can solve even the toughest and most complex of problems; great at gleaning meaning from whatever data is available; is a quick study of the new and different; adds personal wisdom and experience to come to the best conclusion and solution, given the situation; uses multiple problem-solving tools and techniques. Creating the new and different Is able to come up with the next great breakthrough thing to do; is creative, a visionary, and can manage innovation; is an effective strategist full of ideas and possibilities; sees multiple futures; has broad interests and knowledge; can both create and bring exciting ideas to market; comfortable speculating about alternative futures without all of the data. Getting organized Is well organized, resourceful, and planful; effective and efficient at marshalling multiple resources to get things done; lays out tasks in sufficient detail to mark the trail; is able to get things done with less and in less time; can work on multiple tasks at once without losing track; foresees and plans around obstacles. Getting work done through others Manages people well; gets the most and best out of the people they work with; sets and communicates guiding goals; measures accomplishments, holds people accountable, and gives useful feedback; delegates and develops; keeps people informed; provides coaching for today and for the future. compensation Korn Ferry offers its employees competitive compensation and benefits packages commensurate with experience. Korn Ferry is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Korn Ferry is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer – Minorities/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.