Job Summary As a key member of Alert Logic's Business Process and Application Support team, the Database Developer is instrumental in developing solutions for business intelligence and analytics use cases and setting the direction of this area for years to come. You will work with other engineering teams and with leadership closely to identify data needs and product requirements. Our ideal candidate will have skills in identifying data sources, designing schemas for a data warehouse, and driving requirements for the back-end processing team's ETL processing. You will be proficient in developing solutions for business intelligence and analytics. You will have working experience with Cloud environment (AWS). You will have skills in creating dynamic visualizations and understanding the science behind answering complex data questions. Primary Responsibilities Collaborate with a team of business intelligence professionals to provide positive business outcomes to stakeholders at various levels in the Company as well as to customers Effectively translate business needs into highly technical system requirements Identify data sources and design SQL schemas for data warehouse implementation of requirements Create tools to gather and analyze business intelligence data Certify the provenance and assure the quality of business intelligence data Provide secure access to authorized users of business intelligence data Identify and implement data security measures to protect business intelligence data Design and implement visualizations and reports Provide guidance to product teams on BI use cases, visualizations, design and best practices Lead and participate in data quality improvement initiatives Required Skills and Experience 3+ years of related experience as a database administrator Awareness of software engineering best practices, design patterns and anti-patterns Attention to detail Good communication skills, both written and verbal Experience with ETL processing frameworks such as Pentaho, Informatica, or Alteryx Experience in developing solutions with Power BI or other visualization software Experience using APIs (REST, SOAP, etc) Familiarity with a wide variety of data formatting (JSON, XML, CSV, etc.) Familiarity with scripting Desired Skills and Experience Experience with distributed computing, from design, implementation and supporting in production Extensive experience with software-as-a-service system Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, Power BI, Pentaho Report Designer, etc. Experience with Amazon Web Services or other cloud solutions is highly desirable Experience using source control and product lifecycle tools, such as Github Education BS or MS in Computer Science or Management of Information Systems, related field, or equivalent industry experience _The above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this classification. It is not designed to contain or to be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of the employee assigned to this job._ Alert Logic is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. Notice to recruitment agencies : Alert Logic does not accept unsolicited candidate resumes from recruiting agencies. We will not be liable for and will not pay placement fees for unsolicited resumes submitted to our jobs postings, employees or company locations.