Rauland is looking for a talented and passionate Full Stack Developer who wants to make an impact in the medical space. We are seeking an experienced developer who will help us build and enhance tools and applications that are used by thousands of healthcare providers and patients worldwide for the latest in acute and long term care facilities. Responsibilities: Product: Design and develop server, client and web based .NET software modules Participate in all aspects of the software development life cycle from requirements review to product verification Create or review: System, sub-system and functional requirements Software architecture detailed design documents Software verification plans Software build and deployment plans Participate in code inspections People Work with the assigned software architect to design and code solutions. Work with verification and validation engineers to resolve test failures. Work with the technical support group to troubleshoot field problems. Position Requirements: • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field preferred. 3-5 years of hands-on experience developing web/mobile applications that are used in a production environment. Experience writing robust, pragmatic code following design patterns/anti-patterns. Knowledge with technologies such as SignalR, Angular2, React, Docker, and Azure Ideal candidate has experience creating modern web applications and can contribute to both the frontend and backend. Qualified candidates have experience with a Javascript or TypeScript frontend framework such as React or Angular as well as building and managing APIs/web services. Experience with a microservice architecture is highly preferred. Advanced experience developing and supporting web and/or mobile applications using programming/scripting languages such as C, Objective-C, and Java. Advanced experience developing applications using ASP .NET MVC framework. In-depth understanding of modern web development techniques and standards including JavaScript, responsive web design, and front end development frameworks. Knowledge of ReactJS and AngularJS is a required. Android and Java development skills are a plus. Advanced understanding of relational database design. Experience with SQL data stores is a plus. Must be able to write SQL queries and understand database concepts such as stored procedures, views and triggers. Experience working with web services. Knowledge of or experience with micro-services or service-oriented architecture or Actor based architectures is a plus. Experience with HTML5 and CSS Knowledge of application security and identity management solutions such as OAuth, certificates and encryption. Knowledgeable about web standards, W3C specifications, and cross-browser/cross-platform/cross-device compatibility Experience with Agile development methodologies.