Actively direct healthcare outcomes within the East region by through data driven analysis of current performance indicators against desired outcomes. the staff of the Client Operations Responsible for achieving Division business financial and operational objectives and client contractual requirements by leading a functional or multi-functional unit, providing quality oversight, developing IT resource requests and documentation, and coordinating Division resources to ensure that strategic care management objectives are met. Other responsibilities may include the servicing of key accounts or provider groups as necessary to achieve the objectives of the Division, including communication with client executives and high-profile providers. Promotes and fosters individual as well as team development. JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Functional level: Direct Business Analytics focus for the East Region and work in conjunction with CPE to develop strategic plans to improve system operations, denial rates, QARR/HEDIS, provider network quality. Development an ongoing publication of standard Provider Network and Client Engagement performance indicators to demonstrate the health of an account (e.g. encounter acceptance measures, cost savings achieved, provider network growth). Work with CPE to ensure the teams understand the measure and are communicating such measures to clients, providers, and internal customers. Identify “go-to” reports for CPE staff and conduct training to ensure they leverage self-obtained data for external communications and problem solving. Formalize staff process into written standard operating procedures Identify system configuration inefficiencies and work collaboratively with CPE and other departments to identify correction plan Sets goals for the unit by strategizing and identifying operating goals for short-term (3 month, 6 month) and long-term (12-24 month) increments. Ensures implementation and measurement of these goals. Establishes quality department by managing, recruiting and interviewing new hires. Leads department by coaching, facilitating and managing the team resources. Grow department competencies and knowledge by introducing and coordinating new programs/processes to support contract management and provider network operations. Develops accurate and reliable policy and process documents to support operational needs of the Division, including new market implementations, new staff training and orientation and ongoing operations. . Manages the performance management process within the team by ensuring performance issues are addressed in a timely and effective manner. Motivate and maintain high morale of team members by creative and innovative means. Coach staff in team development and team issues (e.g. problem solving, conflict management, meeting leading) and intervenes and arbitrates team issues as needed. Maintain exceptional service and quality processing by instituting and overseeing training. Foster an environment of self motivation, decision making and learning by acting as Team Facilitator. Team Performance (financial, service, quality, service etc.) Safeguard effective daily operations by managing work systems and processes to ensure they meet the team’s informational needs. Ensure superior customer service by monitoring and measuring client expectations and satisfaction. Strive to continually improve operations performance by becoming more efficient, more cost effective, more accurate, providing better service, reducing expenses, etc. Ensure quality by establishing, coordinating and monitoring quality/control mechanisms, reviews and reports Communication link: Stay current on changing client needs and operational and technical constraints and opportunities by serving on management team to share ideas, knowledge, and resources among teams. Keep department informed on operational and information technology changes and updates by communicating to team from management on all related information. Support Regional Vice President by acting as liaison; communicate issues (technological, operational etc.) to appropriate individuals and recommend appropriate actions. Provide constant clarification, monitoring and reinforcement of team vision, goals and results. Improve results and achieve goals by actively communicating with other team leaders and management outside of client engagement. Fundamental Components: Overall Operations Level Support Client and Provider Engagement by directing and/or participating in the development of initiatives to improve operating efficiencies, quality and service levels. Lead by example by promoting effective communication and interaction from Client and Provider Engagement management to both Client and Provider Engagement staff and other departments. Other duties as assigned. Required Skills Strong facilitation, problem solving, and interpersonal skills. Strong analytical skills. Strong PC skills (Microsoft Office; Excel and Word). Ability to adapt to constantly changing environment. Experience interacting with senior executives, governing boards and external stakeholders. Required Experience 8+ years operations or related experience; cross-functional experience a plus. 5+ years’ leadership or management experience. Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience PHYSICAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS Ability to sit at computer terminal for extended periods of time. _ In accordance with DentaQuest’s Compliance Plan, employee must conduct DQV business in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, professional standards and ethical standards and report potential compliance or ethical issues to manager or DQV’s Compliance Officer. _ _DentaQuest’s Affirmative Action Program affirms our commitment to make reasonable accommodation to the known physical or mental limitation of otherwise-qualified individuals with disabilities or special disabled veterans, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business. Please see Human Resources for additional information regarding this Program._