This newly created position, Supply Chain Process Architect , presents you with a fantastic opportunity to take complete authority for building exciting new business capabilities within Dermalogica. You will be motivated by, and love to work across both software and application processes as well as physical processes to manipulate products and goods – with a particular passion for the interface between the virtual and physical world. Your initial focus will be on designing, developing and managing processes to support regulatory compliance across a multitude of different countries. You will be someone who can do this in a smart and intelligent way, taking the latest technological and SaaS solutions to extract, link and exchange data between systems - building a process that avoids manual intervention. These solutions may also include automation through bots and/or artificial intelligence. Beyond that there is the opportunity to deploy these skills to re-engineer order management, procurement and planning processes across a global organization. ESSENTIAL DUTIES and RESPONSIBILITIES: Building a process to understand the regulatory requirements in each individual market. Setting-up a physical operation to affect the necessary reconfiguration of global products to meet individual market requirements. Integrating of this repacking operation into the current IT systems and order management processes. Ensuring appropriate and effective quality assurance processes are in place for each activity. Developing, or implementing, digital printing technologies to facilitate just in time packaging creation. Designing and implementing an appropriate artwork development and approval process for any printed components. Recruiting the necessary resourced to staff such an operation. Integrating these activities into the pricing and commercial agreements with sales and finance. Managing the operation on an ongoing basis. EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE: You will hold a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering, or have comparable work experience. You will have experience of identifying and implementing novel and creative technology based solutions to existing operational issues. You will be able to demonstrate an ability to fail fast and iterate quickly. Your approach will be results-oriented with a strong entrepreneurial spirit and an ability to build productive relationships with peers. You will be exceedingly tech-savvy with a good understanding of ERP systems and principles, data exchange technologies and SaaS based software solutions Preference will be given to candidates with experience of front-end coding/programming. Apply now and become a team member for a company that provides competitive salaries, outstanding benefits including Health Benefits, Monthly Product Allowances, Profit Sharing, Annual Fitness Reimbursement, Domestic Partner Benefits, 401(k) Matching, not to mention a host of other perks! To be considered for this role, please click on "Apply Now" to complete the online application. Please know that all applications are reviewed for consideration. A member of the Human Resources team will contact you if your experience and skills are a match for the position. Dermalogica is an equal opportunity employer that embraces diversity. Follow us on Back Share Apply Now