Job Description Enterprise Information Technology (EIT) Authorized Provisioning Point (APP) Application team is seeking an Application Systems Engineer. Enterprise Information Technology (EIT) Authorized Provisioning Point (APP) Application team is responsible for driving the design and development of the new EIT APP (Authorized Provisioning Point in collaboration and alignment with the Enterprise Data Blueprint architecture. The intention of the EIT APP is to provide increased consistency, quality, and insight in the information available to manage the business of IT. Through the Enterprise Blueprint architecture, the APP is implementing leading tools and principles in data warehousing to deliver an effective and efficient solution that simplifies the data environment. The EIT APP Application team is part of IT for IT Data Services team which is responsible for driving both near-term data to satisfy regulatory requirements while strategically creating the EIT APP. This position will play a key technical leadership role and responsible for analyzing, designing, and implementing solutions specific to IT data. Will work directly with Enterprise Data Analytics (EDA) Data Architecture, Enterprise Information Technology (EIT) Systems Architects, and IT business partners to understand the requirements and partner with the development team to implement high performant database solutions of IT data within the Wells Fargo enterprise. RESPONSIBILITIES: Analyze incoming data requests and determine appropriate target solutions for specific requests. Work very closely with business analysts, development teams and project managers for requirements and business rules. Partner with source system Subject Matter Experts (SME)s, Architects, Data Analysts and Modelers to build scalable and performant data solutions. Effectively communicate data design to other members of the team to ensure proper implementation and utilization of the data structures. Plan, perform, and act as the escalation point for the most complex platform designs, coding, and testing Work with DBAs in Enterprise Database Management group to troubleshoot problems and optimize performance Effectively work in an ETL framework driven environment Support ongoing data management efforts for Development, QA and Production environments Additional responsibilities: Acts as a lead in providing application design guidance and consultation, utilizing a thorough understanding of applicable technology, tools and existing designs. Provides technical consultation and support in the development of computer applications and programs. Develops original and/or highly complex code and provides coding guidance to less experienced staff. Leads and/or performs modeling, simulations and analysis efforts. Verifies program logic by overseeing the preparation of test data, testing and debugging of programs. Acts as an expert technical resource for modeling, simulation and analysis efforts. Oversees overall systems testing and the migration of platforms and applications to production. Develops new documentation, departmental technical procedures and user guides. Leads projects, allocates and manages resources and manages the work of less experienced staff. Assures quality, security and compliance requirements are met for supported area and oversees creation of or updates to and testing of the business continuation plan. The preferred work location is Fremont, CA. Multiple locations are available for this position. Remote work may be an option for those candidates that have Telecommuting experience. Required Qualifications 10+ years of application development and implementation experience 10+ years of experience with databases such as Oracle, DB2, SQL server, or Teradata 10+ years of relational database experience 10+ years of SQL experience 10+ years of SDLC (System Development Life Cycle) experience 10 + years of experience writing relational database queries for stored procedures, query optimization and performance tuning 9+ years of PL/SQL experience 7+ years of ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) Programming experience 5+ years of Ab Initio experience Desired Qualifications Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills 10+ years of source or version control tools experience 7+ years of Big Data experience 7+ years of Metadata experience 3+ years of Hadoop experience Engineering and architecture experience with big data Knowledge and understanding of database modeling techniques and theory Knowledge and understanding of relational database concepts, querying, data warehousing, ETL process, requirements gathering and/or decision support tools Ability to identify business needs and deliver solutions in close partnership with line of business and technology Experience applying new technologies to business needs in a technologically innovative , change-driven organization Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills A BS/BA degree or higher in information technology Other Desired Qualifications 7+ years of designing and implementing highly distributed, scalable, and performant back-end database processes - Staging, Data Enrichments and Strong data delivery techniques. 7+ years’ of overall Database information architecture (ETL Architecture and Design), design, development and implementation experience in Relational and Dimensional databases. 7+ years of Oracle experience (Oracle 10/11G/12C). 5+ years of experience as an Oracle Exadata Developer. 3+ years of experience working with QA and other Technology teams within Wells Fargo. 3+ years of agile software development techniques including designing software for unit testing and acceptance Experience in business analysis techniques and data warehouse design techniques. Experience deploying and supporting large, complex data warehouse/business intelligence solutions. Translate business and data requirements into Logical data models in support of Enterprise Data Models, OLTP, Operational Data Structures and Analytical systems. Experience in Machine learning technologies. testing, and the use of continuous integration. Experience leading junior level team members in a lead role. Wells Fargo development experience. Street Address MN-Minneapolis: 255 2nd Ave S - Minneapolis, MN IA-West Des Moines: 7001 Westown Pkwy - West Des Moines, IA AZ-Chandler: 2600 S Price Rd - Chandler, AZ CA-SF-Financial District: 333 Market St - San Francisco, CA CA-Fremont: 3440 Walnut Ave Bldg A - Fremont, CA NC-Charlotte: 1525 W Wt Harris Blvd - Charlotte, NC TX-San Antonio: 4101 Wiseman Blvd - San Antonio, TX NC-Winston Salem: 809 W 4 1/2 St - Winston Salem, NC NC-Charlotte: 301 S Tryon St - Charlotte, NC MO-Saint Louis: 100 N Jefferson Ave - Saint Louis, MO SD-Sioux Falls: 3201 N 4th Ave - Sioux Falls, SD Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.