At Parametric, we offer competitive salaries, generous benefits and opportunities for growth and development. We invite you to explore our available job opportunities listed below and look forward to having you become a part of our continued success! General Description The Client Reporting Analyst is primarily responsible for supporting the Institutional and Wealth Management sales organizations with client reporting, qualitative and quantitative analysis. The position will require teamwork and collaboration with multiple departments. Although interactions with the end client are limited, the role is focused on providing exceptional client service through timely and accurate analysis and reporting. Primary Responsibilities Prepare quarterly, monthly and ad hoc analysis and client reporting for institutional and\or wealth management clients. Perform detailed review of client deliverables. Design, prepare and review custom institutional client reports utilizing Factset, Excel, and Word. Prepare portfolio correlation and overlap analysis. Ensure timely and accurate delivery of all requests. Perform and communicate attribution analysis. Calculate composite performance at the advisor level. Investigate portfolio specific inquiries. Develop a specialized knowledge of all relevant Parametric products and strategies. Uphold department reputation through professionalism, accuracy, responsiveness and commitment to client service. Develop a full working knowledge of the firm's structure, key personnel and organizational policies and procedures, in addition to a functional knowledge of a professional services environment. Assume other responsibilities as required. Job Requirements 4-year degree, preferably in related discipline such as economics or finance. 2-4 years of industry experience. Strong math/quantitative skills and analytical writing ability. Proficient in Excel including using V-Lookup and PivotTables. Ability to excel independently and in ambiguous situations. Ability to maintain productivity and strong work ethic under minimal supervision. Working knowledge of statistics and familiarity with the principles of portfolio management. Possess excellent communication and organizational skills and be able to handle a heavy, deadline-oriented workload. Ability to successfully manage and coordinate simultaneous multiple-level projects and tasks with internal departments. High attention to detail and strong sense of urgency. Must possess a high level of initiative. Familiarity with client reporting software such as SimCorp – Coric would be beneficial. Familiarity with Factset, Bloomberg and other analysis tools is a plus. Proficiency in macro writing is a plus. Completion of Level I or higher of the CFA program a plus. Parametric is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing a work environment that is free of discrimination and harassment. It does not discriminate against applicants or employees with respect to any terms or conditions of employment on account of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, age, pregnancy, parenthood, physical or mental disability (actual or perceived), medical condition including genetic characteristics, marital status, citizenship status, military service, gender, gender identity, registered domestic partner status, domestic violence victim status, status with regard to public assistance, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Parametric also prohibits discrimination based on the perception that a person has any of those characteristics or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics. This commitment applies to all persons involved in the operations of Parametric, and prohibits unlawful discrimination by any employee of Parametric, including supervisors and co- workers. All employment decisions shall be consistent with the principles of equal employment opportunity. The information on this website is for U.S. residents only and does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer. Investing entails risks and there can be no assurance that Parametric (and its affiliates) will achieve profits or avoid incurring losses. All investments are subject to potential loss of principal. Parametric does not provide tax or legal advice. Prospective investors should consult with a tax or legal advisor before making any investment decision. Please refer to the disclosure page for important information about investments and risks.