Daifuku North America Holding Company is a leader in Design, Manufacturing, Installation and Support of automation and material handling systems in North America. The company is currently seeking an experienced Desktop Systems Administrator for the facility in Carrolton, TX. Responsibilities Position Summary/ Primary Purpose Incumbent is responsible for the management and support of infrastructures supporting the desktop environment at Daifuku North America Holding Company. Responsibilities of the incumbent include, but are not limited to the following: analyzing, documenting, installing, maintaining, troubleshooting, repairing, upgrading or replacing hardware and software systems as well as related peripheral hardware; supporting and maintaining user account information including rights, security and systems groups. The incumbent typically does not supervise staff, but may provide work direction, guidance and leadership to less experienced individuals supporting a project. Works under general supervision; typically reports to a supervisor or manager. Individual must be highly detailed and task oriented. Major Areas of Responsibility Provides support to users for all file access, desktop operating system, and office applications. Supports and maintains user account information including rights, security and systems groups. Identifies, researches, and resolves technical problems with the above. Respond to telephone calls, email and personnel requests for technical problem and application support. Documents, tracks, and monitors requests/problems to ensure a timely resolution. Installs and configures applications software and related hardware (such as desktops and related peripherals like printers, scanners, drives, monitors and video teleconferencing hardware). Research, price, and order IT equipment. Perform system/driver/windows updates on user applications and user PCs. Produce user knowledge articles/notices. Document, track and monitor IT equipment, licenses, and other IT information. Participates in special projects as required Knowledge English Language — Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar. Advanced knowledge of Desktop H/W, O/S and application support, user and device management, and file structures. Qualifications Skills & Abilities Leadership skills including the ability to direct both peers and subordinates during projects Strong interpersonal skills. High level of written and verbal communications skills, including the ability to formulate information into shared documents High level understanding of the SCCM environment. Good understanding of Anti-Virus infrastructure and procedures High level understanding of the Operating System and the infrastructure that supports including Active Directory – Policies, Groups, and Users High level knowledge of Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) and supporting users in a VDI environment. Time Management — Managing one's own time and the time of others. Critical Thinking — Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems. Judgment and Decision Making — Considering the relative costs and benefits of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one. Verbal and Written Expression and Recognition — The ability to listen to, understand and communicate information and ideas presented through spoken or written words and sentences. Information Ordering — The ability to arrange things or actions in a certain order or pattern according to a specific rule or set of rules (e.g., patterns of numbers, letters, words, pictures, mathematical operations). Problem Sensitivity — The ability to tell when something is wrong or is likely to go wrong. It does not involve solving the problem, only recognizing there is a problem. Education & Experience Bachelors of Science Computer related OR Associates of Science Computer related + 2-3 Years’ Experience OR No Degree (5+ years in Computer related field) Minimum of 5 years of directly related experience supporting information systems operations Overtime may be required on an as needed basis. May also be required to be “on call” outside of normal business hours, in order to resolve system failures and/or other issues. Office environment, occasional shop and job site environment. Prolonged periods of sitting and a lot of time keyboarding and looking at a monitor. Demonstrated Physical Abilities Remain stationary for 50% of the time; move/traverse throughout the office to access file cabinets and office equipment; operate a computer and other productivity machinery; inspect documents; communicate with others through talking/hearing; read/identify/assess forms and correspondence. Jervis B. Webb Company is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer, and federal sub/contractor. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, gender, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, disability, marital status, veteran status or medical condition. Jervis B. Webb offers an excellent compensation package including great benefits such as excellent medical, vision, and dental insurance, paid vacation time, paid sick time, and paid holidays, 401K, Flexible Spending Programs, and more At this time our company only receives applications online. If you need assistance applying online to this position, please call 248-553-1233 and leave a message and your call will be returned.