Are you a problem solver who likes to code and build useful automation tools? Are you passionate about technology and efficiency because you love getting stuff done? Do you enjoy rising to the challenge of working in a high scale system? Join our us as we shape and grow our diverse, global team. This is your opportunity to collaborate in a meaningful way with a small, dedicated team located across several Arm offices. Arm’s technology is in nearly everything you touch and use in your daily life, from smartphones to TVs to cars. We are building on our global success in advanced and secure microprocessor platforms into the new and exciting world of the “Internet of Things”. Arm’s IoT Services Group (ISG) is a fast-growing SaaS business, developing and proliferating the industry-defining a leading IoT Platform, Mbed. We are helping industry leaders harness IoT in new ways, gain insight into their data, and unlock new business possibilities. Mbed Device Management is our flagship product, offering simplicity in creating secure IoT apps in the Cloud and at the Edge, with support for secure asset injection, connectivity and device configuration management, and firmware over-the-air updates. As an engineer joining our team, you become a crucial part of building a high performance, massive scale IoT Device Management platform. This is a cloud- first, SaaS business model. You will be collaborating with key customers migrating to on premise for vertical markets needing local management of the Mbed IoT Platform. This role is an excellent opportunity to make a positive impact on Arm's IoT strategy by developing smarter automation tools and practical proof of concepts that solve deployment hurdles and keep customers happy. Our team owns the production environment reliability, continuous improvement, the collection and resolution of dependencies, monitoring capabilities, emergency response, latency and efficiency. Job Requirements What are the skills, qualifications, and experience you need? You need a bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering or similar discipline or relevant work experience You also need a minimum of 4 years of experience working with Python You bring a minimum of 18 months of experience managing AWS or OpenStack deployments (large) with Kubernetes or Docker Coding skills: be able to develop, debug and optimize code Taking initiative: get involved in full life cycle from product design, deployment to day operations Flexibility: On call support (in future as this new team expands) Out-of-the-box thinker with great interpersonal skills Desirable Linux, Jenkins, Micro-Services Development of E2E solution (full stack) including platform, network and application Automation & CI/CD Javascript/Java REST-API At Arm, core beliefs reflect our creative culture, guide our decisions, and define how we work together to defy ordinary and shape extraordinary. Here is a sampling for you: We not I No individual owns the right answer Brilliance is collective and Information is crucial, share it Passion for progress Make feedback positive and expansive, not negative and narrow The essence of progress is that it can’t stop. Grow with it and own your own progress Be your brilliant self Recognise the power in saying ‘I don’t know’ Make trust our default position x93cc LI-JG