XPERI is looking for a Principal Scientist/Engineer to join our highly skilled Audio R&D; team. The ideal candidate is expected to assume a technical leadership role in cutting edge research that will drive the next generation of XPERI AI/ML Audio products. She/he will have a proven record of having worked on advanced research topics in areas such as Natural Language Processing, Information Theory, Data Science, Deep Learning, Probability/Statistics, Classification, Large-Scale Optimization, and Audio/Imaging signal processing. A strong understanding of how research is turned into successful products is also required for this position. In addition, the candidate is expected to demonstrate a structured and very detail-oriented approach to their work and follow rigorous scientific and engineering approaches. The ideal candidate will be self-motivated and focused, comfortable collaborating with geographically dispersed teams, passionate about AI/ML and audio, a team player, and eager to make a difference as a member of a motivated team of audio researchers and practitioners. Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills, excellent written and spoken communication skills, and a strong drive to solve problems and disrupt the status quo are also required for this position. Essential Duties and Responsibilities In collaboration with other members of the audio R &D; team, as well as members of the office of the CTO, develop state of the art algorithms, theories, and methods that can solve real-world, large-scale AI/ML problems in the domain of audio processing. Maintain and update existing ML algorithms/theories/methods. Generate technical documentation and test procedures in support of produced research. Collaborate with other teams of the organization to ensure successful commercialization, deployment, and maintenance of developed algorithms and methods. Contribute to the IP portfolio of the company. Be an active member of the AI/ML audio community by among others writing papers, attending conventions and conferences, and contributing to industrial and academic activities. Stay up to date with the latest relevant research and trends and perform critical analysis of the competitive landscape. Maintain detailed records of work and produce technical reports and presentations for other groups of the organization. Education and Experience Graduate degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, or a related field with at least 6 years of experience for master’s holders or at least 3 years of experience for PhD holders. Proven record of having developed state of the art algorithms, theory, and or methods in one of the areas of interest listed in the job description. Experience with at least one Machine Learning framework such as Caffe or TensorFlow is preferred. Strong coding skills in at least two of C/C++, Python, R, Scala. Linux and experience with CUDA are a plus. Good understanding of fixed-point coding and/or hardware implementations is preferred. Familiarity with at least one version control system, preferably Git. A record of patents and/or publications is preferred. Agile/Kanban development expertise is preferred. Familiarity with Atlassian tool suite (Jira, Confluence, BitBucket) is preferred. Other Skills and Abilities Fluent with Microsoft Office. Project management skills. Windows/PC, Linux and/or Mac regular user. Familiar with AWS. Demonstrated interest and passion for any of audio and/or imaging applications, IoT, AR/VR/MR, Autonomous Driving, and others. Demonstrated ability to multi-task and work with little supervision. Work Environment This position involves working mainly in a typical desk/office environment, but it can also involve working in a lab setting. Travel to other XPERI offices may be required occasionally. Location: Los Gatos, California or Calabasas, California.