Insomnia Cookies was founded in a college dorm room in 2003 at the University of Pennsylvania, by then student, Seth Berkowitz and we have been feeding the insatiable hunger of our fans ever since. What makes us so great? We specialize in delivering warm, delicious cookies right to the doors of individuals and companies alike - What's not to love? Today we have more than 138 locations and are still growing! Whether you're feeding a craving or a crowd, our offerings of cookies, brownies, cookie cakes and even cold milk have you covered. We also serve and deliver ice cream at most of our locations. - For real! The very best teams need great leadership. Insomnia Cookies is hiring a Director of Customer Experience for our National Customer Service Center. As a Director of Customer Experience, it's your role to lead our team to deliver an outstanding customer experience for each and every one of our guests. The Director of Customer Experience will be responsible for effective operations and continuous process improvement with a focus on call center technology advancements and by providing leadership, direction and motivation to the workforce. Driving sales is a key component. Responsibilities Research, develop, test and rollout new call center technology system improvements. The goals are to become more effective, efficient and deliver a best in class customer experience. Oversee training personnel in development and execution of education programs for Self, Managers, Supervisors, Leads and Customer Service Representatives. This includes new hires as well as ongoing training. Must create an environment of learning. Oversee sourcing and hiring of top talent for all positions within our Customer Experience Team. Manage efficiency by staffing customer service to meet the fluctuations in customer demand. Identify and implement technology to achieve this goal and be constantly planning for upward scaling of team. Providing clear, accurate and timely communication to staff and leadership Ability to bring out the best performance in the workforce through employee engagement and an inclusive working environment Oversee and continuously improve quality assurance program. Research and implement technology that will positively impact quality assurance. Take incoming calls as needed and display professional, courteous demeanor when handling guest calls. Provide prompt and outstanding service to all guest inquiries. Answer questions/educate guests and customer service representatives on products and company policies. Set, communicate and monitor strategic goals of department Complete annual budgeting process, monitor through the course of the year and take appropriate action quickly where needed. Hold regular sales meetings focused on sales progress, sales opportunities and growth, competitive issues and ongoing training. Motivate the Inside Sales team to achieve individual team member goals. Research and incorporate technology to drive best sales results. Be present on call center floor and observe Managers, Supervisors, Leads and Customer Service Representatives by interacting on calls and coaching Review and request reports in order to analyze data and search for patterns and opportunities Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned from the VP Support Center and COO Requirements MUST have proven track record of developing, testing and implementing technology advancements in the call center environment. This includes tools such as IVR, Chat, Customer Surveys and other new software/contact center technological advancements. A dynamic change agent who is committed to continuous process improvement. Deep network of contacts and vendor companies within the call center industry. Ability to organize, prioritize workload, meet deadlines, and deliver results in a fast-paced and quickly expanding environment with minimal supervision. Must have exceptional follow through. Proven track record of self and team development. Both in soft and technical skills. Track record of driving sales both internally and externally. Formal sales training preferred. Demonstrated proficiency in the development of comprehensive reports. This includes the ability to collect, interpret, and present data, and reach effective decisions using such data. Three plus years Leadership/Management experience in a call center environment with a team of at least 100 Bachelor's degree preferred Ability to exercise sound judgment and to react with discretion under varying conditions Ability to maintain professionalism and use tact to resolve conflicts Must be able to work a varying schedule with emphasis on evening and weekend hours. Our hours are 22 hours a day 7 days a week. Please note that if you are unable to work varying schedules or cannot work on certain days this position will not be a good fit for you.