Req. ID: 122612 As a Field Application Engineer – Packaging Specialist at Micron Technology, you will be in a customer facing engineering role representing Micron’s Packaging expertise. Your role is to be the primary contact with Tier1 and OEMs that are working on integrating Micron’s products into their automotive applications. You will be expected to establish a relationship with the packaging engineers and engineers at the customers, discuss their requirements and work with them in understanding and tuning their SMT processes. You will also be interfacing with Micron assembly engineering, packaging R&D; and Business Unit teams to feed customer packaging requirements into product development. Responsibilities : Ensure smooth integration of Micron products into OEMs in the area of SMT and packaging, to secure Design Wins. Be the packaging technical advisor to customers on behalf of Micron to determine best practices Manage customer issues when they see failures related to packaging, be the technical debug expert in the field to advise customers and to work with internal FA teams. Provide technical engagement with other organizational partners to ensure customer approach, deliverables, and priorities are being met Influence both internal and external customers and partners on package development and integration to enable successful high-volume manufacture of Micron products Maintain knowledge in the areas of reliability and environmental systems, including Moisture, ESDs, Thermal, BLR, and Handling Maintain and develop knowledge of how systems are integrated, including SMT, insertion technologies, handling, heat sink attach, design, and materials (anything that comes in contact with the package temporarily or permanently) Required Skills: Looking for a semiconductor packaging engineer with knowledge of automotive manufacturing practices SMT process experience including; under-fill application, screen printing, stencil design, pick and place, PoP assembly techniques, SPI, rework, heat sink/spreader assembly, etc. Semiconductor package thermal and mechanical analysis or design through the use of analytical methods such as CFD and FEA. Knowledge of semiconductor package materials including solder alloys Knowledge of semiconductor package and assembly quality and reliability. Strong experience in problem solving and engineering debug is required Excellent verbal, written, and customer communications skills The ability to be self-motivated, take initiative, and to work equally well independently and in a team environment Ability to travel for up to 25% of time Degree Required: BSEE / BSME or equivalent foreign education Academic Discipline (s): Engineering discipline Experience Required: 5 years experience developing SMT processes and establishing packaging specifications Location: Detroit, Michigan We recruit, hire, train, promote, discipline and provide other conditions of employment without regard to a person's race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, pregnancy, veteran’s status, or other classifications protected under law. This includes providing reasonable accommodation for team members' disabilities or religious beliefs and practices. Each manager, supervisor and team member is responsible for carrying out this policy. The EEO Administrator in Human Resources is responsible for administration of this policy. The administrator will monitor compliance and is available to answer any questions on EEO matters. To request assistance with the application process, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at 1-800-336-8918 (or 208-368-4748). Keywords: Detroit || Michigan (US-MI) || United States (US) || SGA || Experienced || Regular || Sales || Not Applicable ||