Job Title: Enterprise Data Architect Area: Information Technology Reports to: Manager, Architecture & Strategy Classification: Exempt Organization Overview Rotary is 1.2 million inspired business and professional leaders, in 35,000 Rotary clubs and more than 200 geographical areas united daily across cultures and occupations addressing illiteracy, disease, hunger, poverty, and lack of clean water. The fervent idea exchange celebrates diverse perspectives and facilitates positive change. Passion and engagement abound at Rotary International. In exchange for hard work and dedication, our employees are rewarded with competitive salaries, flexible schedules, comprehensive benefits, and job enrichment. We offer all this and more. Come join us. Visit www.rotary.org to learn more. Rotarys commitment to diversity One of Rotarys values is diversity, which we define as embracing diversity in thought, culture, and perspective. As such, we welcome and encourage highly- qualified candidates with diverse experiences and backgrounds to apply. General Overview The role of the Enterprise Data Architect is to expand the organizations use of data as a strategic enabler of corporate goals and objectives. The Enterprise Data Architect will achieve this by strategically designing, developing, and implementing data models for enterprise-level applications and systems. These models shall be architected at the following layers: conceptual, logical, business area, and application. This individual will act as the primary advocate of data modeling methodologies and data processing best practices. Specific Duties Strategy & Planning Develop and deliver long-term strategic goals for data architecture vision and standards in conjunction with data users, department managers, clients, and other key stakeholders. Create short-term tactical solutions to achieve long-term objectives and an overall data management roadmap. Establish processes for governing the identification, collection, and use of corporate metadata; take steps to assure metadata accuracy and validity. Establish methods and procedures for tracking data quality, completeness, redundancy, and improvement. Conduct data capacity planning, life cycle, duration, usage requirements, feasibility studies, and other tasks. Create strategies and plans for data security, backup, disaster recovery, business continuity, and archiving. Ensure that data strategies and architectures are in regulatory compliance. Acquisition & Deployment Ensure the success of enterprise-level application rollouts (e.g. SAP BO, PeopleSoft, etc.) Liaise with vendors and service providers to select the products or services that best meet company goals. Operational Management Assess and determine governance, stewardship, and frameworks for managing data across the organization. Develop and promote data management methodologies and standards. Select and implement the appropriate tools, software, applications, and systems to support data technology goals. Oversee the mapping of data sources, data movement, interfaces, and analytics, with the goal of ensuring data quality. Collaborate with project managers and business unit leaders for all projects involving enterprise data. Address data-related problems in regards to systems integration, compatibility, and multiple-platform integration. Act as a leader and advocate of data management, including coaching, training, and career development to staff. Develop and implement key components as needed to create testing criteria in order to guarantee the fidelity and performance of data architecture. Document the data architecture and environment in order to maintain a current and accurate view of the larger data picture. Identify and develop opportunities for data reuse, migration, or retirement. Position Requirements Formal Education & Certification College diploma or university degree in computer science, information systems, or computer engineering. Certifications in from recognized institutions like ICCP and/or from established vendors. Knowledge, Experience & Skills 5 years work experience as a data or information architect. Hands-on experience with data architecting, data mining, large-scale data modeling, and business requirements gathering/analysis. Direct experience in implementing enterprise data management processes, procedures, and decision support. Strong understanding of relational data structures, theories, principles, and practices. Strong familiarity with metadata management and associated processes. Hands-on knowledge of enterprise repository tools, data modeling tools, data mapping tools, and data profiling tools. Demonstrated expertise with repository creation, and data and information system life cycle methodologies. Experience with business requirements analysis, entity relationship planning, database design, reporting structures, and so on. Ability to manage data and metadata migration. Experience with relational databases and big data platforms. Understanding of Web services (SOAP, XML, UDDI, WSDL). Object oriented programming experience (e.g. using Java, J2EE, EJB, .NET, WebSphere, etc.). Excellent client/user interaction skills to determine requirements. Experience with data processing flowcharting techniques. Good knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and lawsStrong written and oral communication skills. Strong presentation and interpersonal skills. Ability to present ideas in user-friendly language. Equipment Used Will use a standard PC workstation as well as switches, routers, firewalls, network security systems, and network monitoring systems Work Conditions Sitting for extended periods of time. Dexterity of hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and to handle other computer components. Lifting and transporting of moderately heavy objects, such as computers, devices, and peripherals.