JOB SUMMARY: Puget Sound Energy is now hiring for an entry level position. As a “Gas Worker Trainee” you would be joining a team of professionals that place Safety and Customer service as job 1. You will be trained to work in a team environment that includes the operation and maintenance of a natural gas system. This is an entry level position where no prior gas knowledge is required - you will be taught all facets of the gas industry required for this position, including emergency operation procedures, safe operation and repair of gas equipment, and the daily operations of a natural gas distribution system. PSE offers competitive wages and benefit packages for all employees. The Gas workers operate within a collective bargaining agreement (CBA) through local UA plumbers and pipe fitters Union. Please read this section carefully before continuing with the application process. Per the Union CBA all positions and work locations are determined by a bidding process which historically has resulted in the starting base locations for new hires will usually be at either the Factoria, Georgetown, or North Seattle locations. You may be responsible for driving to and from your assigned work location using your personal vehicle and purchasing your own gas. Call-outs are a required part of the job and may occur with no prior notice. You will be expected to wear proper personal protective equipment (PPE) and work in potentially dangerous situations with blowing gas. You need to have strong written and oral communication skills for both our customers and your fellow co-workers to be successful in the job. All needed knowledge of the job will be taught in the PSE training schools. Often times you will be working alone and at night, working in and around customer’s homes, sometimes unannounced. To maintain employment, the Gas Worker Trainee must successfully complete all required training and solo tasks within each phase of the Gas Worker Trainee School within the allowable time frame. At such time a Journeyman Technical School will be assigned to each Gas Worker, this path will be determined first by the need of the Company and then by way of Union Seniority. The total length of the Gas Worker program is generally 18 to 24 months, but may be longer due to changing business needs. JOB REQUIREMENT: JOB RESPONSIBILTY: The duties and responsibilities will be performed primarily in varied outdoor environments, which includes all weather conditions, noise levels, hazardous conditions and on the full range of outdoor work surfaces. The position involves sitting, standing, walking, moderate to heavy lifting, moderate carrying, bending, reaching, kneeling, twisting, balancing, climbing, and operation of equipment, tools, machinery and computer operation. The use of protective clothing and/or safety devices will be required, and the GW will need to have and maintain their Washington State driver’s license. Entry into the Journeyman position of Customer Field Service Technician after Gas Worker school will also require the employee to obtain their low voltage electrical licenses (06B and possibly 07D). Families and businesses depend on PSE to provide the energy they need to pursue their dreams. Our steadfast commitment to serving Washington communities with safe, dependable and efficient energy started in 1873. Today we’re building the Northwest’s energy future through efforts like our award winning energy efficiency programs and our leadership in renewable energy. At PSE we value and respect our employees and provide them opportunities to excel. We offer an expansive pay package that includes competitive compensation, annual goals-based incentive bonuses, comprehensive cafeteria- style benefits, 401(K), a company paid retirement pension plan, and an employee assistance and wellness program. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Must possess and maintain a valid driver’s license DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: Utility, HVAC, Construction and/or Plumbing Experience Good oral and written communications skills. Good technical / Mechanical aptitude ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Starting pay for Gas Worker Trainee currently is $16.59/hour. Successful candidates will be required to reside in and maintain residency within five counties in PSE's Natural Gas Service Territory. (Snohomish, King, Pierce, Thurston or Lewis Counties). Applicants must pass a company provided assessment test. Applicants will be subject to pre-employment screening including general aptitude and physical agility assessment. This is a represented position and the successful candidate will need to become a member of the UA Plumbers and Pipefitters Union This is a safety sensitive position and is subject to random DOT drug and/or alcohol testing Alternating shifts required including weekends and emergency 7x24 callout This position requires a minimum of 24 months in training to become a qualified Gas Worker. Training consists of classroom and field training and is provided by PSE.