As a member of the corporate team, you’ll focus on enhancing the relationship with our clients as we provide outstanding business solution services. Within departments like Accounting & Finance, Human Resources, and Engineering, Conduent is actively staffing all teams with roles like Recovery Analyst, Client Services Specialist, and Senior Management Consultant. At Conduent, we give our employees the opportunity to further develop their career skills with the intention of growing them into leaders within the organization. Responsibilities Description Conduent is the world's largest provider of diversified business process services with leading capabilities in transaction processing, automation, analytics and constituent experience. We work with both government and commercial customers in assisting them to deliver quality services to the people they serve. We manage interactions with patients and the insured for a significant portion of the U.S. healthcare industry. We are the customer interface for large segments of the technology industry and the operational and processing partner of choice for public transportation systems around the world. Whether it's digital payments, claims processing, benefit administration, automated tolling, customer care or distributed learning - Conduent manages and modernizes these interactions to create value for both our clients and their constituents. Learn more at www.conduent.com . Purpose: Responsible for providing support to business operations such as front end, image & data capture, and / or document / transaction content management. Provides administrative support to business operations by performing processing tasks such as data entry and scanning, or similar activities. Provides support to business operations such as front end, image & data capture, payment services, and/or document/transaction content management. Alternate: Provides administrative support to business operations by performing processing tasks such as data entry, scanning, mail sorting or similar activities. Scope: Specific: The work undertaken by the role holder is completed in line with the Service Level Agreement and Statement of Work relevant for the customer. General: Entry Level with little or no prior work experience Acquires basic skills to perform routine tasks Work is routine and requires minimal problem resolution Completes work with limited autonomy Works with either close supervision or under clearly defined procedures Primary Responsibilities: May perform processing tasks in one or more of the following areas: Data entry Mailroom activities Electronic portal Scanning Media conversion Check processing Electronic fund transfer Content storage and retrieval All other duties as assigned. Alternate text: Performs data entry of material from source documents to a computer database. Transcribes routine pre-coded and identifiable alphanumeric data from source document and/or phone call into an automated system. Ensures accuracy and completeness data. Performs clerical tasks in the data entry function. Receives and distributes incoming mail and materials. All other duties as assigned. Alternate text:- for medical/healthcare Performs document scanning and processing in mail room Enter Medical claims data into the Claims System, via 10-key and alphanumeric data entry Screen medical claim forms for completeness of data Route claims to other areas depending on successful data entry or the need for additional information Adjudicate and suspend claims when appropriate Provide backup support to other team/group members in the performance of job duties as assigned (including mail Room) Numeric Filing and other clerical tasks