The Role The Senior Enterprise Engineer will provide thought leadership on infrastructure technologies, provide product lifecycle management to core active directory and identity management infrastructures and work with outsource provider to ensure operational excellence. The Impact Manage the implementation of technologies to enable business value and adoption. Provide thought leadership in IT Strategy, operations and innovations as related to infrastructure technologies. Act as a change agent. Responsibilities Will be the service owner for all messaging and email services in the corporation. Ensure enterprise standards, goals and compliance are maintained and adhered to. Act as a SME in infrastructure projects and for all Messaging related items. Oversee and lead/drive the implementation of key enterprise initiatives related to messaging and collaboration environments. Support and delivery experience with Exchange in Hybrid scenarios Experience with migration of Exchange customers to Office 365 and end to end support and troubleshooting experience of Exchange Online and Office 365 Hybrid solutions Knowledge of Office 365 and EXO product capabilities, troubleshooting, and monitoring tools Experience with troubleshooting, configuring and supporting Hybrid scenarios Management of Enterprise Vault infrastructure and all dependencies Management of SMTP Cisco (Ironport) Email Security Architecture Use trace analysis, debug skills, source code, and other proprietary tools, to analyze problems and develop solutions to meet customer needs; this may involve writing code Solid understanding of client/server, networking, and Internet technologies fundamentals. Understanding of n-tier solutions Be able to advise and present to senior management technology related issues and trends. Interact with key business IT and stakeholders to proactively identity business problems and opportunities that can be addressed with innovative technology solutions. Be able to translate business and regulatory requirements into technical requirements. Partner and work collaboratively with various IT groups and outsourcing partners to influence future technology decisions and access the relative impact of industry trends to current future business needs. Qualifications Must have both hands-on architecture/design, implementation experience, and expert level knowledge of Microsoft technologies (Exchange 2007/2010/2016/Online, Active Directory, DNS), Client connectivity (On-prem and cloud), Device management, Load balancing, Authentication and Hybrid Identity Strong expertise and troubleshooting experience with SMTP, TCP/IP, DNS and some level of experience with Network troubleshooting. Bachelor’s degree required. Advanced degree preferred.