Technical Account Lead - ( DATA3.01.061805 ) dunnhumby is the world’s leading customer science company. We analyse data and apply insights from nearly one billion shoppers across the globe to create personalised customer experiences in digital, mobile, and retail environments. Our strategic process, proprietary insights, and multichannel media capabilities build loyalty with customers to drive competitive advantage and sustained growth for clients. dunnhumby employs over 2,000 experts in offices throughout Europe, Asia, Africa, and the Americas and works with a prestigious group of companies including Tesco, Monoprix, Raley’s, Macy’s, Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble, and PepsiCo. For more information, please visit us at www.dunnhumby.com. dunnhumby is looking for a talented Technical Account Senior Associate! You will support contacts with clients on the technical implementation of our data platform and/or software products in order to provide a high quality and professional delivery of our products and services. What you'll be doing: Support data exploration assessment and audit with client IT to fully understand client data/ systems and plan data required to support the engagement. Act as subject matter expert answering data related inquiries from both internal and client stakeholders: use subject matter experts across the team and beyond to handle and manage the most complex questions. Use data expertise to articulate and recommend the best options to outline the data roadmap and resolve data issues/problems: including writing out Technical Solutions Architecture diagrams aligned to our global standards. Support the documentation and presentation of data requirements to a wider group, including the client, to assure roadmap/delivery plans. Create and manage service provision, Service Level Agreements (SLA’s) and data issues with client data providers, including acting as an escalation point to ensure swift issue resolution (in conjunction with the data management team). Work with senior roles within the team and beyond where these issues deviate significantly from any standards. Technical Pre-Sales - Work with dunnhumby Client Leadership and Analysis teams to understand proposed scope of work to ensure dunnhumby data solution and products as well as client IT are able to meet requirements. Feedback in to the overall product deployment process design and core technology roadmap based on findings from client interfaces. Qualifications What you'll need: Experience within Commercial IT & analytics or a Technical Consulting company. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Information Technology or related field. Experience querying and investigating data in any flavor of SQL. Industry Standard Configuration and Release / Deployment Process Data Architecture & Modelling Cloud Infrastructure, Management and Hosting SQL A plus if you also have: Master’s degree in Business, Information Technology, or Analytics. Some experience working in distributed computing Experience with specific Cloudera and/or HortonWorks implementations Experience with Cluster frameworks Experience with PaaS Experience with modern and traditional data warehousing and data processing technologies and concepts (Hadoop, PySpark, Hive, RDBMS). Experience with data engineering concepts and technologies. Primary Location : United States-L3_CHICAGO Job : Data and Analysis-Technical Account Management Job Type : Regular Job Posting : May 21, 2018, 3:28:22 PM