What part will you play? Warner Bros. is building a team to support our Next Generation Data Platform initiative. We are looking for a CI Big Data Quality Engineer to support Data Engineering for our Consumer Intelligence team. Warner Bros. engages with hundreds of millions of consumers around the world on web, mobile, television and movie screens. The Warner Bros. Consumer Intelligence (WBCI) team aggregates and analyzes data generated by these platforms to support digital advertising strategies for Warner Bros. Theatrical, Home Entertainment, Digital Entertainment Group and Interactive Entertainment divisions. As our CI Big Data Quality Engineer, you will be responsible for ensuring our data is accurate both from vendors as well as after the data has gone through internal data pipelines. This will be accomplished through building your own Big Data pipelines that focus on the aggregate and reporting level metrics of source data. You will utilize a variety of data technologies, tailoring monitoring solutions specific to source data idiosyncrasies to proactively identify potential issues in quality. This will also include maintaining the reporting of issues by actively creating measurements of data quality that the group can track progress against. Another key aspect of this role will be to help various business partners with data quality and analytics questions. These requests will range from helping to ensure the data is as expected up to building automated aggregate data views that can be used to support various initiatives. Data Quality is always a priority. The Big Data Quality Engineer will need to be able to work in a fast-paced environment and be able to adapt to new technologies and methodologies. ETL Validation – Develop data pipelines to measure, record and alert any data quality issues. This will be across various technologies and will help improve the data quality for internal ETL processes. Source Validation – For all vendor integrations, from a variety of formats including files, database extracts and APIs, develop data quality checks (including visualizations, reports, aggregations, pipelines, etc.) to ensure the quality of the data prior to the ETL team building their various data pipelines Big Data Analytics Requests – Take on various projects for the internal team and business team to help verify the data quality and provide insights on the data as needed. Automate Big Data Aggregations – Build Big Data aggregations that will help various teams to understand the data and data quality. This will include requests for specific reports as well as opportunities to pre-emptively provide useful and efficient aggregations. What do we require from you? Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field. Minimum of 1 years of experience working with Hadoop solutions. Minimum of 5 years of working with data and data curation. Minimum of 5 years working with SQL. Minimum of 1 years working with Apache Spark. Minimum of 1 years working with Scala. Experience in SQL and Python and developing data extraction applications. Experience with data movement and transformation technologies. Experience troubleshooting data-related issues. Experience working with Apache Spark, Hive. Expert problem solver with experience troubleshooting data-related issues. Experience with large volumes of data. Experience using Git and Jira. Experience integrating external APIs. Experience with Ad platforms or CRM solutions. Entertainment data experience a plus. Ability to communicate complicated ideas using verbal and visual means. Ability to work independently or collaboratively. Strong analytical skills and experience with analytical platforms a plus. Detail oriented with strong organization and prioritization skills. Entertainment and/or Social Media experience a plus. Demonstrated ability to work well under time constraints. Must be service-oriented. Must be able to work flexible hours, including possible overtime, when necessary. Must be able to maintain confidentiality. Management has the right to add or change duties and job requirements at any time.