Compliance/Quality Control Manager Axxess – Dallas, Texas Axxess | The Best Place to Work in Technology Who we are It’s simple. We do business differently, by empowering our team to create fresh ideas which impact lives everywhere. We don’t just dream it; we do it every day at Axxess, we bring life-changing technology to healthcare impacting the way people work, learn and grow their business. Our edge does not come from our technology, it comes from our people. We work as one team with a common goal to create shared success benefiting everyone. What we are looking for The Compliance/Quality Control Manager will be a key part of the Quality Management team, responsible for delivering excellence in the Patient Engagement program by the ongoing initiation and monitoring of all aspects of quality improvement, and exceeding all applicable Federal, State and NCQA program requirements. As part of the Quality Management team, the Compliance/Quality Control Manager is responsible for the coordination and ongoing monitoring of QI program objectives, including the delivery of performance improvement projects for service and clinical activities, integrating the quality improvement plan into all departments and facilitating HEDIS, CAHPS and NCQA accreditation activities. Implements and supports the overall implementation of quality programs that meet or exceed applicable State, Federal and NCQA standards. This position will work with all applicable parties to make recommendations on process and product enhancements for compliance, error reduction, and driving program efficiencies. What will you do at Axxess? Understand Axxess culture and business model Leadership in defining and maintaining reference data, business rules, and quality improvement thresholds for Patient Engagement compliance Strong analytical skills with acute attention to detail and accuracy, ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate quality information Develop Compliance/Quality Control and data governance structures within a surveying environment to ensure the accuracy and quality of data throughout all data generating processes. Drive thought leadership on assigned projects involving upstream or downstream data flows and processes. Work with appropriate stakeholders to standardize data acquisition, processing, and quality checks and compliance within the surveying process Leadership in managing program controls are in place to ensure data integrity by performing data integrity gap analysis. Coordinate the resolution of data integrity gaps by working with business owners and appropriate program staff to bring into compliance Leadership in partnering with appropriate partners in business, academic, and other appropriate associations to enhance survey programs and quality of products and services rendered Identify relevant new potential technologies to enhance products and services rendered through survey services Provide guidance in scaling Patient Engagement program growth and compliance What you bring? Minimum Bachelor’s degree in marketing product management, public administration, business, information technology, or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience required. 5+ years data quality and compliance or similar level data analysis experience required. 2+ years business experience required. Proficient in use of information technology to manipulate, integrate and display data. Exceptional attention to detail and follow-up. Ability to analyze information to problem-solve and determine root cause. Collaborative interpersonal style required to hold people accountable while building interdepartmental relationships. What will you experience? Casual Friday, Everyday Competitive Compensation Package Professional Development for Career Growth Free Lunch Catered on Monday 15 PTO (Paid-Time-Off) Days + Holidays + Birthday’s off Holiday and Employee Celebrations Full Benefit Selection, including matching 401k Free onsite employee gym Genuine respect for work-life balance Respect and Collaborative team environment We offer a competitive compensation package (DOE), full benefit selection, matching 401k and growth opportunities for everyone who joins Axxess. Axxess is an EOE and drug free workplace. All applicants must be authorized to work in and currently reside in the United States. NO AGENCIES OR 3RD PARTY INQUIRIES - PLEASE