Full Stack Web Developer We deliver our customers peace of mind every day by helping them protect what they value most. Our passion for placing the customer at the center of everything we do is driving a transformational shift at Liberty Mutual. Operating as a tech startup within a Fortune 100 company, we are leading a digital disruption that will redefine how people experience insurance. We are looking for a Full Stack Developer to join our fully scaled Agile team to develop cutting edge products that improve the way people experience insurance. About the job: This role will be working on our eClaims application. This is a high visibility product that is growing every day as customers are becoming more familiar with and comfortable using web based applications to submit, manage, and take action on their claims. By combining the latest architectures, tools and technologies we enable and empower you to learn about, discover and replace components as you grow within the team. You will be able to work with the newest Full Stack technologies including React/Redux, ExpressJS and Mongo. We put a lot of trust in our developers and enable them to work autonomously to stay in the forefront of emerging technologies. Desired development skills: Experience with one or more Javascript frameworks for Single Page Applications (SPAs) React, Angular Ember Backbone Experience with the following: ES6 (Babel) Query Languages (GraphQL) JavaScript runtime (Node.js, ExpressJS) Jira, and using IDEs like Webstorm/Sublime/Eclipse HTML 5/CSS 3 Java API for RESTful Web Services (JAX-RS)/ XML Unit Testing Frameworks (i.e. Jest, Karma, Chai, Mocha) Behavior Driven Development / BDD (Yadda, Cucumber, Enzyme) Functional Test Frameworks (WebdriverIO, Selenium) Exposure to Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery concepts – Bamboo and Jenkins Agile and Scrum development methodologies We believe that a great job should keep you happy both at work—and in life. That’s why we offer: Workplace Flexibility Wellness Perks Collaborative workspaces Sit/stand desks Career development, programs and classes Diversity & Inclusion programs Commuter Benefits Adoption Assistance College Savings Plan Education reimbursement Hackathon Events Liberty Mutual was named as a ‘2016 Great Place to Work’ by Great Place to Work US. For more info about our benefits - Benefits Information Learn more about Tech at Liberty Mutual – Search Our Jobs Check out our Tech at Liberty Mutual YouTube playlist - Show me the Videos Job: Technology Primary Location: United States-Massachusetts-Boston Schedule: Full-time Salary: $83,000-$104,600