The Best Buy e-commerce team is seeking innovative and technically curious Senior Web Engineers who want to make a huge impact in the digital evolution, building key e-commerce technology initiatives. A career with BestBuy.com offers the opportunity to apply your talents and creative energy to deliver high performing solutions at one of the top 10 e-commerce sites in North America. There are multiple areas of specialization available such as Search, Distributed Services, Big Data platforms, Cloud, Infrastructure and more. What you will do as a Digital Engineer II This person can be a part of driving innovation on the order domain team that is key to our digital commerce platform. The quantity of opportunities are abundant. The ideal candidate will have a passion and voracious appetite to tackle feature after feature. This leader of the future will have a passion to rapidly progress to improve revenue, customer satisfaction, and reduce costs. Ideal Candidates Should Have Experience in implementation and deployment of modern web development solutions Demonstrated background working directly with engineers, product managers, and stakeholders Creative and innovation-driven with the ability to articulate engineering design patterns related to scale, performance, security and usability Experience in agile development methodology – Scrum, Kanban and/or XP Experience in test driven development, continuous integration and deployment practices Persuasive written and oral communication skills Passion for building top-quality products and services Exceptional ability to collaborate effectively on cross-functional projects Basic Qualifications 6+ years experience in enterprise application development with Bachelors degree; additional 2 years experience without BS/BA 1+ years experience mentoring junior developers Preferred Qualifications: Experience in the following technologies and frameworks: React.JS Redux Webpack Node.JS RESTful Service API Demonstrated experience in an Agile environment Experience using version control systems such as SVN or Git Experience with bug tracking software such as Jira or ClearQuest Experience in test driven development, continuous integration and deployment practices Strong technical communication skills. Ability to work as a part of a team of engineers. Willingness to develop a deep understanding of complex business domains.