Salesforce Marketing Cloud - Technical Manager Are you an experienced, passionate pioneer in technology – a solutions builder, a roll-up-your-sleeves technologist who wants a daily collaborative environment, think-tank feel and share new ideas with your colleagues - without the extensive demands of travel? If so, consider an opportunity with our US Delivery Center – we are breaking the mold of a typical Delivery Center. Our US Delivery Centers have been growing since 2014 with significant, continued growth on the horizon. Interested? Read more about our opportunity below … Work you’ll do Deliver Salesforce solutions on Salesforce Cloud, Service Cloud, Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Communities and Force.com platform Play technical SME role on projects to design Salesforce Solution design, provide technical walkthrough to Salesforce developers and client features owners You will help the Marketing team to achieve their marketing objectives by constructing and establishing the Marketing Automation systems You will assist the team in Implementing Marketing Cloud solutions You will be responsible for enabling the Marketing team to execute the Marketing Campaigns in best possible way Provide technical leadership on projects by providing necessary guidance to junior team members to follow Salesforce best practices Accountable for Salesforce technical delivery - Build, System Testing handover/co-ordination, Tech. documentation and deployment activities Play lead in reviewing Epics/User-stories, convert functional requirements to technical requirements, Estimate user stories, plan team capacity and work closely with Scrum Master to finalize Sprint scope Ability to analyze/identify gaps in functional/business requirements, discuss with functional and client product owners on required changes that aligns with Salesforce product stack and architecture Develop end to end Salesforce solutions using Configuration and customization using APEX Class, Triggers, Visualforce pages, Lightning components etc., Build integrations between Salesforce and external applications using REST, SOAP APIs, oAuth and Single Sign-On. Define code review methodology, perform independent code reviews and certify code developed by self and other junior team members on the project. Manage risks and issues as well as cross dependencies with other teams. Communicate effectively with internal teams and client to address technical design and functional gaps. Ability to effectively debug and resolve technical issues and/or defects which may be reported as a result of faults in the production system. Assist with client presentations and proposal creation as required. Assist in writing technical approach and design documentation as required. Must be willing to live and work in Phoenix AZ or Orlando, FL area The team Commercial Excellence & Experience Our Commercial Excellence & Experience team focuses on designing and implementing sales and service experiences, capabilities, and architectures to bring customer strategies to life. Our ambition is to be the best in the world at driving customer transformation through the development of clever commercial strategies, distinctive experiences, and the application of digital technologies. We help make the “creative digital consultancy” real and in doing so, make new markets. Professionals will serve our clients through the following types of work: Sales Excellence & Service Excellence | delivers sales and service strategies and plans, operating model definition, incentive design and implementation, and operations support for digitally-enabled sales, channel, and customer service capabilities Digital Experience | creates engaging omni-channel digital experiences across web, mobile, AR/VR, voice, gesture, IoT, and video Flexible Consumption | the commercial strategy, operating model definition, and capability delivery of subscription/flexible consumption business models Digital Foundry | a flexible, end-to-end delivery model emphasizing innovation and disruption DigitalMix | an integrated set of platforms to enable business re-platforming Qualifications Required 5 – 10 years of total IT experience with at least 2+ years of Salesforce Marketing Cloud project development experience Strong Salesforce customization and configuration experience (at least 1 or more of the following five Salesforce modules: Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Communities and knowledge) Advanced SQL and Excel skills Experience with different Marketing Cloud studios such as Email Studio, Mobile Studio, Contact Builder, Audience Builder, Journey Builder Experience in integrating Salesforce Sales/Service Cloud with Salesforce Marketing Cloud Experience with CSS, HTML, Javascript and AMPScripting Experience in running Marketing Cloud Journeys and executing Campaigns Hands on development experience using Salesforce configuration and customizations using Apex, Visualforce, Triggers, Scheduled and Batch classes etc., Proven integration experience using integration techniques - REST, SOAP APIs, oAuth and Single Sign-On. Ability to migrate Salesforce classic features to Lightning experience, including converting Visualforce pages to lightning components and / or using Lightning Design System with Visualforce pages. Ability to work collaboratively in a creative, Agile environment and manage agile task assignments Strong preference for candidates who are Salesforce.com certified in the following areas – Certified in Salesforce Marketing Cloud Email Specialist, Certified Platform Developer Experience with ETL tools like MuleSoft or Informatica Cloud would be a plus Bachelor's degree, preferably in Computer Science, Information Technology, Computer Engineering, or related IT discipline; or equivalent experience Additional US Delivery Center Requirements Must be willing to live and work in Phoenix AZ or Orlando, FL area How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.