Description Retail Sales Consultant with Outstanding Management Potential Slumberland is a family-owned company and the Midwest's 1 store for La-Z-Boy, Sealy and Simmons. When you become part of the Slumberland family, you become part of strong, cohesive team where you are valued, fully-trained and given 100 % support to ensure you achieve outstanding success. Tremendous Rewards - Our Guarantee: At Slumberland, here's what you get: Commission pay structure with guaranteed minimum - no draw Average fulltime income of $48,000 Excellent compensation potential- top performers can and do earn six-figures annually Flexible full-time and part-time hours. Outstanding Support - We Really Do Care: You don't want to just work at a job. You're looking for a career - a career with scope for growth and earning potential. If you're serious about success, we'll support you every step of the way. We provide: A world class training program with two weeks of hands-on, face-to-face training Ongoing sales training to keep you up-to-date on the newest and best A caring company that promotes from within and provides loads of advancement opportunity The potential for franchise ownership An environment where employees tend to stay because, quite frankly, it's a fun, supportive and fantastic place to work Your Success - It's Assured: At Slumberland, our products are new and fresh and we see consistent and healthy growth in the business year after year. That translates to success for you. And for added assurance, we also run weekly TV, Direct Mail, Radio and Newspaper ads. That's right - every week. Our stores are located in stand- alone locations. People don't just come in to browse; they come in to buy. Like we said, your success is assured. What You bring to the table: Passion and drive to reach your financial and professional goals Two years of post-secondary education or some related business experience, ideally with large-ticket items - it's not required, but it helps A genuine love of meeting new people Some basic math skills A bit of computer know-how A thirst for knowledge and new experiences Flexibility to work five days a week Embark on a rewarding, life-long, lucrative career with Slumberland! Apply today! Requirements High School diploma or GED required; post secondary education preferred. Basic math. Proficient with Microsoft software and Point of Sale system. Able to carry out written instructions and follow through with customers. Self- starter, motivated to succeed. Excellent interpersonal communication skills with staff, customers, vendors. Additional Description EEOC Statement An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Information on race, gender and national origin will only be used for statistical and recordkeeping purposes, and will not be used in making any employment decisions. All information provided will be kept separate from your expression of interest. Providing this information is strictly voluntary, and you will not be subjected to any adverse action or treatment if you choose not to provide this information. If you do not choose to answer these questions, we ask that you select "Decline to Identify" for each question. Thank you for your voluntary cooperation.