Eurofins DiscoverX Corporation is searching for a Quality Assurance Manager (QAM) in Fremont CA. The Quality Assurance Manager (QAM) is responsible, as a member of the Quality Assurance Unit (QAU), for assuring that the quality assurance programs are maintained in accordance to pertinent regulatory requirements in the performance of the duties of this position. Quality Assurance Manager responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following: General: Demonstrates and promotes the company vision Regular attendance and punctuality Conducts all activities in a safe and efficient manner Maintain current training status in the areas of responsibility. Performs other duties as assigned Works with site leader and operations head to help migrate site to GMP guidelines. Familiarity with GMP/GLP guidelines and being able to manage QA system to match requirements Understand and follow all procedures and processes required for work performed under requirements (i.e. OSHA etc., as applicable). Ensure the work performed follows internal or client specified procedures. Assure quality policies and procedures are maintained, reviewed for effectiveness, and revised as needed in order to advance the quality of processes, procedures, and deliverables to clients while complying with regulatory requirements. Maintain the Quality Management system: Provide quality support in writing, reviewing, revising, and maintaining standard operating procedures (SOPs), test methods, worksheets, and other business documents. Assure documents capture the current process, provide sufficient detail to perform the process, and comply with internal procedures for generating documents. Follow up on Deviation, CAPA, and Change Control processes as applicable. Perform review and approval of documentation related to laboratory operations such as equipment qualifications, software qualifications, spreadsheet qualifications, other. Perform internal process audits to ensure compliance is maintained within the organization. May provide audit reports to the applicable audited function/area management. Cooperate in the preparation of study files prior to and during all client audits and regulatory inspections. Perform document control activities as specified by site written SOPs. May be assigned to attend meetings and participate on multi-disciplinary teams, as required, to provide routine status updates related to their functional area and/or to provide quality guidance. May be assigned to become a subject matter expert (SME) in a particular quality system (i.e. documentation, supplier quality, other) depending on experience, skill set, and business needs. Review, reconcile all supporting documentation within a study file to assure the file is complete, organized to facilitate reconstruction and is properly archived as specified by site written SOPs Data Review: May conduct a QA review of study data generated when required. May perform in-phase study audits to ensure compliance is maintained within the organization. Provide audit reports and letters to the study director or sponsor, as applicable. May inspect assay worksheets for compliance with the test method, using problem-solving skills when necessary. May conduct an Equipment, Notebook and LIMS inspection, ensuring accuracy, completeness and appropriate approvals on equipment, Notebook and LIMS analysis. May conduct an inspection of ancillary documentation. May enter data into a system for metric tracking. May provide a determination of acceptance for assays and results. Performs other duties as assigned The ideal candidate would possess: Previous Quality Assurance experience within GxP / regulated environment desired. Experience with cell-based biologics manufacturing preferable (QC lot release / GMP) Supervisor experience strongly preferred Ability to read and understand common Quality Assurance processes Ability to write and interpret documents such as standard operating procedures, maintenance instructions, and other. Ability to construct, communicate, and interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. Ability to speak effectively and professionally with internal colleagues as well as with clients when needed. Strong interpersonal skills and ability to lead cross functional team Basic Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree/Master’s degree in a biological science related field from a four-year college or university. Previous laboratory experience needed Previous Quality Assurance / Quality Control experience Ability to work under tight timelines in a fast-paced environment. Ability to be detail oriented. Ability to work with a diverse workforce with different personalities and cultures. Ability to work with limited supervision and as a team player. Occasional evening and/or weekend work may be required at certain times of the year. Travel to site in San Diego, CA 1x-2x a year. Authorization to work in the United States indefinitely without restriction or sponsorship Position is full-time, M-F 9:00am - 5:00pm, with additional hours as needed. Candidates living within a commutable distance of Fremont, California area are encouraged to apply. As a Eurofins employee, you will become part of a company that has received national recognition as a great place to work. We offer excellent full-time benefits including comprehensive medical coverage, life and disability insurance, 401(k) with company match, paid holidays and vacation, personal days, and dental and vision options. To learn more about Eurofins, please explore our website www.eurofinsus.com. Eurofins is a M/F, Disabled, and Veteran Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. Back Share Apply Now