Customer Growth and Analytics (CGA) is a team of business analysts, data scientists, and data engineers who are dedicated to delivering actionable insights, focused on nurturing our customers, the growth of our ecosystems, and the overall health of our business. We are seeking a skilled and committed business analyst with strong data science acumen who will focus on understanding the paths of technical learning, product exploration, and community engagement that lead Azure customers to engage, explore, commit, and stick. If you get a chill down your spine at the thought of bringing customer signals from multiple sources together and sleuthing through data-led investigations that connect customer experiences to purchase decisions in a deeply collaborative environment, then this role is the one you’ve been waiting for. The candidate we hire will bring a new perspective to our diverse and multi-faceted team, a commitment to continuous growth and learning, and the ability to persevere in the face of challenges. And will there be challenges? Yes, plenty! Be ready to think deeply, work hard, and have fun solving tough problems at the center of Microsoft Cloud+Enterprise. Responsibilities KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: Conduct research using a variety of methods, which can include controlled experiments; survey research; analysis of billing data; and statistical analysis of customer touchpoint data collected through website telemetry, CRM systems, event registrations, social networks, etc. Regularly deliver well-crafted insight packages in a form that’s easy to understand and actionable by the business. These deliverables require strong data analysis combined with skilled data storytelling. Lead the development and management of metrics, KPIs, and dashboards. Collaborate with business owners, data engineering, site engineering, and operations teams to define metrics, instrument user behaviors and business motions, and ingest and model that data in our systems for analysis. Develop and test hypotheses about the role different touchpoints and experiences play in influencing customer decisions. Collaborate deeply with our machine learning specialists to translate those findings into predictive models. Become a subject matter expert in the C+E business and underlying data ecosystem. Collaborate with product and program owners across the organization to understand objectives, identify opportunities, and prioritize projects to maximize business impact. Deliver accurate and timely standardized reporting and analysis in support of ongoing business reviews and planning processes. Recognize opportunities for process improvements to increase quality, accelerate delivery, and reduce cost. Ensure the ongoing documentation of analysis methodologies and results. Educate partners and stakeholders across Microsoft about how to leverage data towards continuous improvement and as an asset in decision-making. Manage vendor workloads and ensure quality delivery on a timely basis. Qualifications BASIC/KEY QUALIFICATIONS: Master of Science, MBA, or Bachelor of Science in a mathematical or scientific field requiring statistical fluency, OR 4 years of equivalent experience and a track record of continuous learning in a data science field. 7 or more years of industry experience, at least 4 years of which must be in analytics, business intelligence, data science, operations research, or data driven business strategy. PREFERRED: Demonstrated analytical ability; problem deconstruction, statistical competency, meticulous forensic analysis skills, data validation, and scientific rigor. Demonstrated ability to engage, collaborate, and consult effectively with stakeholders including effective prioritization, clear communication, and delivery of actionable data-derived insights. Functional knowledge of cloud computing and online service business models, including business, technical, digital analytics, and operational metrics. Fluency in a range of statistical data analysis and visualization techniques. Experience in design of experiments (DoE), applying scientific method to business problems, and hypothesis testing. Proficiency in a range of data analysis and data wrangling tools. That means a flexible mix of querying languages (Kusto, T-SQL), reporting tools (Excel, Power BI, Tableau), and stats packages (R, Python, SAS, Minitab, JMP, etc.). Proven skills in delivering well-crafted communications in written, visual, and presentation form. Familiarity with website telemetry and user experience metrics. That means not only experience with front-end web analytics tools such as Google Analytics or Adobe Analytics, but also with their underlying instrumentation, data flow, data structures. Experience working with financial data to derive customer insights. PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES/INTERPERSONAL SKILLS: Demonstrated ability to work in ambiguous situations and across organizational boundaries. Creative and innovative thinker. Committed to continuous learning and bringing a growth mindset to problem solving. Effective time management in complex, ambiguous, deadline-driven environments. Excellent written and oral communication skills, particularly the ability to synthesize complex issues/scenarios into easy-to-understand concepts. High attention to detail, including meticulous forensic analysis skills. Self-discipline and a drive for results. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com.