Overview Cures Start Here. At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, home to three Nobel laureates, interdisciplinary teams of world-renowned scientists seek new and innovative ways to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and other life-threatening diseases. Fred Hutch’s pioneering work in bone marrow transplantation led to the development of immunotherapy, which harnesses the power of the immune system to treat cancer. An independent, nonprofit research institute based in Seattle, Fred Hutch houses the nation’s first cancer prevention research program, as well as the clinical coordinating center of the Women’s Health Initiative and the international headquarters of the HIV Vaccine Trials Network. Careers Start Here. The Sponsored Research Officer II, Non-Federal Awards, Subawards and Federal Contracts, Office of Sponsored Research (OSR) under the general direction of the Senior Sponsored Research Officer (Team Lead), Non-Federal Awards, Subawards and Federal Contracts, provides comprehensive central support for pre-award and non-accounting post award functions and services related to the administration of sponsored projects at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center (Fred Hutch). As a part of the OSR team, the Sponsored Research Officer II, Non-Federal Awards, Subawards and Federal Contracts provides and maintains a high level of service to and partnership with the Fred Hutch research community. Sponsored Research Officer II may serve on a team with specific areas, including incoming Federal Contracts and Subcontracts, incoming non- Federally sponsored awards, and outgoing Subawards and subcontracts under Fred Hutch prime agreements. This position will focus on incoming non-Federally sponsored awards. Responsibilities On behalf of Fred Hutch, with appropriate input and mentoring, and within delegated authorities, exercise independent signature authority for sponsored grants and cooperative agreements, including reviewing and submitting proposals, negotiating and accepting/executing awards, determining the need for legal review and coordinating institutional policy exceptions. With appropriate input and mentoring, drafts and negotiates research contracts and agreements of varying complexities, coordinates administration of sponsored projects and subrecipient monitoring and reporting obligations under Fred Hutch prime agreements. Ensures that negotiations of award terms, and the terms of subawards to other entities, protect the interests of the Hutch, its faculty and staff while balancing those interests with the needs of the sponsors and subrecipients. Serve as a resource for interpreting, explaining and applying Fred Hutch and sponsor policies, as well as applicable regulations related to research administration issues. Provide sponsored project central support to Fred Hutch Researchers and Research Administrators for post-award administrative matters, including setting up sponsored projects accounts in electronic systems, reviewing and submitting sponsor prior approval requests, expenditure requests, reporting information. Assist in resolving pre- and post-award issues related to sponsored projects. Act as primary liaison with extramural sponsors and regulatory oversight agencies as necessary, including review and endorsement of official institutional correspondence to external sponsors and collaborating institutions. Serve as a campus resource regarding proposal and award administration for sponsors, and for interpreting and applying external research regulations and policies, guidelines and procedures related to the administration, management and oversight of sponsored projects and research administration. Advise Fred Hutch personnel and leadership of critical and/or sensitive issues related to sponsored projects administration. Represent OSR at institution-wide meetings and teleconferences, and attend professional meetings and conferences of research administration societies and associations, as applicable. Special projects as assigned. Qualifications Required 5 or more years of experience Demonstrated ability to function successfully as an effective part of a collaborative team environment in a complex organization. Strong writing and editing skills, including the ability to write and format professional correspondence and reports. Demonstrated computer skills such as word processing, use and development of spreadsheets and database use. Preferred Bachelor's degree preferred Ability to quickly analyze complex information using logic and reasoning to define problems, formulate logical and objective conclusions and recognize alternatives and their implications. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills and demonstrated ability to balance tact, diplo Our Commitment to Diversity We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and VEVRAA Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at escmail@fredhutch.org or by calling 206-667-4700.