Intern- Operational Readiness Description When you join Daimler, you become a brand ambassador for a diverse global network of over 250,000 committed employees on 6 continents. Our employees drive the future of innovation in each of our world-class brands, including Freightliner trucks, Western Star trucks, Detroit™ engines and components, Thomas Built Buses, and Freightliner Custom Chassis. Daimler Trucks North America (DTNA) is the undisputed leader in the commercial vehicle market. We are elevating the industry by setting the bar for quality and execution. Our DTNA employees are empowered to drive the Technology Revolution through our innovative products and customer-focused culture. Our dedication to our customers does not stop once our products hit the road. We immerse ourselves in the customers’ experience and what drives their business toward the future. Daimler. One Team. Best Team. Driven to connect our world. Apply today! Job Overview This internship is an exciting opportunity to gain hands-on experience in Operational Readiness. This intern will be involved in multiple product launches requiring direct project management support. This will provide an enriching experience in the areas of lean manufacturing and culture. Responsibilities The scope of the internship involves close collaboration with the manufacturing departments, such as Assembly and Machining, as well as supporting functional areas such as logistics, quality, technical services, engineering, finance, IT, sales and marketing. Together with the project manager, the intern supports various and diverse projects aimed towards operational readiness for new products and major product changes by increasing production efficiency, and cost reduction, but also increasing transparency in the manufacturing plant and aligning and streamlining processes. The intern will have following main responsibilities: Support in the operational readiness process Pre-Series Warehouse and Parts Management Analytical support of Operations Management Analysis of operational data and visualization of the data Creating Management Presentations for Project Status and Updates Create Project Tracking Tools and establish Project Reporting Cadences Development of Shop Floor Management (SFM) Boards for the plant to better steer the project Initiate continuous improvement ideas and proposals that focus on Project Management and transparency enhancement. Create reports and prepare management reviews Perform special projects and assignments as required Qualifications Minimum junior level in a Bachelor’s degree program (or have graduated in the last 12 months) required GPA of 3.0 or higher required An attached resume is required Pursuing a degree in Project Management, Industrial Engineering, or Supply Chain Management required Full time availability onsite from September 2018 through February 2019 required Proficiency in Microsoft Office Strong business mindset geared towards business excellence Strong analytical skills and team player Ability to translate business needs into technical requirements and vice versa Preferred Project Management Experience Expert proficiency with Power Point and Excel Lean Manufacturing/Continuous Improvement Strong Presentation Skills Additional Information Applicants must be legally authorized to work permanently in the U.S. at the time of application. Final candidate must successfully complete a pre-employment drug screen and criminal background check. EEO/Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans For an accommodation or special assistance with applying for a posted position, please contact our Human Resources department at 503-745-8982 or toll free 800-206-3369. For TTY/TDD enabled call 503-745-2137 or toll free 866-355-6935. Organization : Daimler Trucks North America LLC Primary Location : United States of America-Michigan-Detroit Work Locations : 13400 Outer Drive, West 13400 Outer Drive, West Detroit 48239