Job Description: Cloud Architect applies Cloud subject matter knowledge to solve complex business issues and is regarded as a subject matter expert. Utilize consulting skills including questioning, listening, ideas development, personal rapport and subject matter familiarity to accomplish project tasks. Capable of consulting, designing, testing, implementing, managing capability requirements, and integrating of Cloud solutions into varied environments. The Offering Delivery & Transformation Team (OD&T;) has a comprehensive Infrastructure Services portfolio that produces better business outcomes for our clients by reducing costs, enabling growth and managing risk. OD&T; Team combines years of innovative technology and research with a broad portfolio and global reach to deliver superior value to our clients. For more than 50 years, we have built a strong reputation of industry expertise and delivering the best client experience in the industry. Our clients rely on DXC as a partner they can trust to deliver mission-critical services and value to their enterprise. Responsibilities Responsible for client/account interactions as required Responsible for producing part or all of the technical solution for the account/client, in accordance with an agreed technical design. Responsible to make sure that the project deliverable is completed accurately and on time Responsible for escalating the issues, problems, risks, and constraints to the appropriate parties for clarification and resolution Responsible for design and engineering of Cloud Based Infrastructure solutions based on Azure Cloud Technologies and offerings. Responsible for communication with the Lead Engineer and account/client. Responsible for the engineering of end to end solutions as required Responsible for keeping abreast of new/emerging technology Responsible for design, development, implementation using the Global Engineering specifications, methodology and practical application of ITIL practices and processes Responsible for providing consulting to sales team to validate the solution components and arrive at resource estimation Qualifications Graduate in Engineering with minimum of 8 years of experience Demonstrates knowledge in Microsoft Azure. Preferred Certifications 70-534 Architecting Microsoft Azure Solutions and 70-533 Azure Infrastructure Solutions. Minimum 5 years of experience engineering and supporting enterprise IT solutions. Comfortable with troubleshooting. Has experience of designing and engineering solutions in a distributed infrastructure environment (e.g. Servers, Blade Systems, Storage Area Networks, and Virtualization Technologies). Awareness of ITIL and/or CMM practices and processes. HP converged infrastructure experience or equivalent to Cisco UCS or IBM Blade Center Software Defined storage such as CEPH Software Defined Networks like CISCO ACI, VMware NSX and OpenStack Neutron. Demonstrates an advanced understanding of Windows and Linux operating systems . Demonstrates an advanced understanding of directory services (AD and LDAP) Demonstrates an understanding of Networking (Firewalls, Routing, VLAN, Trunking) Additional Education desired Service Now (Snow) CroudStrike Cloudcheckr Blade and Enclosure Technology OpenStack Virtualization Technology including migrations (VMWare, Hyper-V, KVM) Oracle Database MS SQL Server SAN and NAS technologies Security and Content Portals Solid skills in using MS Project, MS Office and SharePoint Knowledge