Introduction Allina Health is dedicated to the prevention and treatment of illness and enhancing the greater health of individuals, families and communities throughout Minnesota and western Wisconsin. A not-for-profit health care system, Allina Health cares for patients from beginning to end-of-life through its 90+ clinics, 12 hospitals, 16 pharmacies, specialty care centers and specialty medical services that provide home care, senior transitions, hospice care, home oxygen and medical equipment, and emergency medical transportation services. Allina Health is a vibrant, growing organization with opportunities to suit your professional skills and a diverse work environment to match your specific interests. We believe employees are our greatest asset and are dedicated to helping you develop and maximize your professional skills. The Commons, located in Minneapolis, is the headquarters of Allina Health, a not-for-profit health care organization serving patients and communities. Approximately 1,600 corporate and administrative service employees work at offices within Midtown Exchange, the site of the historic Sears retail complex at Chicago Avenue and E. Lake Street. This community landmark, adjacent to the campus of Abbott Northwestern Hospital, part of Allina Health, is the second largest building in Minnesota and includes offices, an internationally themed public market and residential units. Responsibilities See yourself working for an industry leading healthcare provider. As a Digital Experience Business Analyst, you will: Support Allina Health's Digital Experience applications including the Allina Health Account patient portal/MyChart. Collaborate with peers in an Agile Scrum development environment Be responsible for basic project systems planning including monitoring and tracking questions, conducting system testing, and developing and conducting user training Serve as subject matter expert associated with content, processes and procedures associated with enterprise applications Implement, modify, test and administer business system applications in support of our online digital consumer experience. Define detailed requirements, analyzes business needs, and validates solutions with the customer Troubleshoots complex situations and relationships Liaison between IS, customer support and users to resolve workflow or functional questions Conducts analysis of business and consumer needs and revises existing systems as needed Recommends and documents procedural changes Challenges others’ thinking to create effective and efficient work processes Education BS/BA strongly preferred or previous work experience as a business analyst or related position. Qualification/Skills Experience Minimum 3-4 years business applications experience in broader and complex areas May have significant expertise in business area or with particular information system Experience with Agile/SCRUM methodology a plus Skills Ability to develop collaborative partnerships across departments, business units and Allina to achieve results and improve performance Ability to adapt quickly to changing business and technology needs Demonstrates sound business judgment Ability to facilitate meetings Ability to conducts analysis of business and users’ needs and revises existing systems as needed Basic report writing and analysis, including design summaries for metrics Strong communication skills internally and externally Ability to accurately and effectively translate business requirements to system specifications Self motivated, ability to present and execute on options for project issues. Takes initiative to become more knowledgeable about Allina’s business and healthcare industry trends Ability to detect, log and managers defects found in testing Ability to understand and execute the test tasks and report the findings within the defined timelines Work Schedule Exempt status Minimal travel required Ability to work remotely 1-2 days a week Application proficiency required in first 6 months Benefit eligible No weekends NCT Day shift Location/Community Information Minneapolis boasts being both cosmopolitan yet small enough that you can find a place to call home whether on a lake, golf course, or in an adjoining suburb. With the fast pace of activity there are professional sports, theater, or enough parks for a quiet walk. The area has numerous schools and colleges, both public or private, and enough teams for all weekend athletes to join. Located in Minneapolis Population = 380,000 Service Area = 2,882,245 Community Resource Links: Community Information School Digger Explore Minnesota MN Dept of Education Minneapolis St. Paul Magazine St. Paul Pioneer Press Twin Cities Living Magazine Star Tribune Closing If you are interested in becoming part of our award winning team of professionals, please apply online today. Allina Health is committed to providing Equal Employment Opportunities to all employees and applicants. EO M/F/Disability/Vet Employer.