Having spearheaded best practices throughout the evolution of data from structured data warehouse methods to big data analytics, Caserta provides enterprise-level innovative solutions for our clients to keep ahead of the technology curve and leverage their data to the fullest extent. VP Cloud Architect will engage with our clients to design and create superior and elegant data solutions through deep understanding of our clients’ businesses. With the goal of optimizing every aspect of our Clients’ data uses, the Principal Consultant will develop client relationships, conduct detailed data assessments while maintaining a client focus, and communicate assessment results along with a recommended approach for data solutions through project engagement with client stakeholders. Internally, the Principal Consultant will work with the leadership team to develop new strategies, techniques, ideas and innovations to help our clients and grow our business. Principal Duties and Essential Responsibilities: In this position, you will have the opportunity to: Design, develop and deploy scalable Big Data solutions. Help client teams (developers and business analysts) to learn and effectively use AWS and Google Cloud Platform services. Lead analysis, architecture, design and development of data warehouse and business intelligence solutions and using next generation data platforms. Understand customer requirements, create design artifacts and create packaged Big Data service offerings in cloud. Migrate complex, multi-tier applications and development of new applications using AWS cloud services or Google Cloud Platform. Experience migrating from AWS platform to Google Cloud platform. Design and deploy enterprise-wide scalable operations on Cloud solution. Set and manage client expectations specific to the project. Experience across multiple AWS Services, including S3, EC2, Redshift, RDS, NoSQL, EMR, DynamoDB and Data Pipeline. Experience across GCP, BigQuery, etc. Hands-on development experience using open source big data components such as Hadoop, Hive, Presto, etc. Experience in NoSQL/SQL database design, development and data modeling. In-depth knowledge of Python and Spark. Experience using data mining techniques and working with data intensive applications. Experience with container engines: Docker, Kubernetes, AWS EC2 Containers, Google Container Engineer. The ability to communicate across all business channels. An understanding of strategic business objectives and outcomes. Minimum Requirements: Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Communications, or equivalent experience Minimum of Seven (7) years of experience in cloud architecture Experience architecting traditional and big data solutions for clients Must have strong technical competency to understand and effectively communicate Creative problem solver with sound judgment and high degree of integrity Effective written and verbal communications skills at all organizational levels Ability to multitask in demanding customer environments Willingness to travel throughout the U.S. as required Caserta is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Caserta fosters a collaborative environment for true technologists with a passion for creating innovative data solutions to solve the most complex problems businesses face today.