POSITION OVERVIEW APPLICATIONS ACCEPTED FROM: All PERSONS INTERESTED (to include probationary employees) Division/ Section: Varied (William P. Hobby / Bush Intercontinental) / Airside Operations Workdays & Hours: Varied (Shift work, including rotation, weekends and holidays) subject to change DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS The role of the Airport Operations Coordinator in the Airside section for the Houston Airport System maintains a safe and secure airport environment by conducting inspections of air side and land side operations and coordinating operational or security activities. The Airside Operations team ensures that the airfield meets all FAR 139 requirements to provide a safe and efficient airfield operating environment for aircraft, vehicles and personnel. This position coordinates airfield maintenance and construction activities and participates in various phases of emergency management and irregular operations, while interacting with airlines, federal agencies, and airport management. Must be able to pass a criminal background check, obtain and maintain federally mandated security clearances where required. The Airport Operations Coordinator for Airside Operations will include but is not limited to: Assists in responding to aircraft and medical emergencies; acts as field security liaison during emergencies; Acts independently and decisively in emergency situations and assume a leadership role in identifying and executing workable solutions to mitigate problems Monitors the arrival, parking, refueling, loading, and departure of aircraft Assists with revisions to the airport's regulatory documents Interprets FAA rules to include regulations, directives, procedures and advisory circulars governing airport operations Inspects aircraft movement areas to ensure a safe and secure environment and initiates corrective actions Prepares inspection reports Reports unsafe conditions and policy/procedure violations WORKING CONDITIONS The position routinely requires lifting/moving moderately heavy items, such as cones, barricades or records boxes (up to 40 pounds) and/or very long periods of walking on rough surfaces on a routine basis. There are routine discomforts from exposure to moderate heat, cold, moisture/wetness and unpleasant air conditions. The position may involve routine exposure to soiled materials and light chemical substances such as cleaning solutions. Requires the ability to make coordinated eye/hand movements within fairly fine tolerance and/or calibration demands; or the ability to make closely coordinated eye/hand movements on a patterned response space within moderate tolerance demands. Must be available to work overtime as needed to maintain operational compliance. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Requires a Bachelor's degree in Aviation Management, Airway Science, Criminal Justice, Law Enforcement, Business Administration, Public Administration or a related field. EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Two (2) years of progressively responsible experience in airport operations, airport security or airport safety are required. Directly related professional experience may substitute for the above education requirement on a year-for-year basis. LICENSE REQUIREMENTS Requires a valid Class C Texas driver's license and compliance with the City of Houston's policy on driving (AP 2-2). PREFERENCES Preference will be given to applicants with degrees in Aeronautical Engineering and Airport Management. Airport operations experience at a medium or large-hub airport; the ability to act independently and decisively in emergency situations; demonstrate competent and effective oral and written communications skills; and knowledge of FAA rules, regulations, directives, procedures and advisory circulars governing airport operations is strongly preferred. Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite, FAA certified Pilot, and a member of AAAE and/or AOPA is a plus. Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualification necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6 GENERAL INFORMATION SELECTION/SKILLS TESTS REQUIRE The selection process will involve application review and/or interview. Department may administer skills assessment test. SAFETY IMPACT POSITION YES YES - If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test. Pay Grade 20 SALARY INFORMATION Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification. APPLICATION PROCEDURES Only online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during posting opening and closing dates shown. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov. To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm. For application status inquiries please contact (281) 233-1837. To reach a live specialist pertaining technical support please contact (855) 524-5627. Applicants are encouraged to attach a cover letter and resume along with their completed application when applying. For further information pertaining to the Houston Airport System, please visit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDWLV_sJFoM. Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process. All new and rehires must pass a pre-employment drug test and are subject to a physical examination and verification of information. If you need special services or accommodations call TTY 7-1-1. EEO Equal Employment Opportunity The City of Houston is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy.