About Our Team The IT Service Operations Team at Arm provides support to the business for a wide variety of technologies and services, this includes Enterprise Platforms Services (EPS) that looks after the platforms within Arm. The purpose of this systems administrator role is to work as part of the EPS team with the focus of this role to operationally support the Cloud & Identity services and to fulfill the project demands when needed. Cloud consists of evergreen services (that are always kept up to date by the provider) that is provided by external vendors. Vendor relationships are meaningful to ensure that any service changes or disruptions is communicated to the rest of the business. As Arm IT consumes more cloud based services either through new services or migration of current services, the closer the relationship with vendors will become and SLA’s and process will increasingly become more pertinent and essential. Microsoft’s Cloud offering of Office365 and Azure plays a huge part in this as well as AWS. Cloud services is seen as the utility of the future for providing IT services to businesses and customers. What will I be accountable for? Reporting directly to the Technical Manager and working globally with the ESP team, this role is responsible for the following activities and others which may arise through the development of the role: Support & Develop Work closely with the team on all aspects of the Identity services Your main focus will be around supporting Microsoft Identity services and identity lifecycle On a day-to-day basis follow the ITIL processes including; Incident, Change, Problem, Request and Knowledge. Engage with project teams to ensure project demand is fulfilled in a timely fashion Raise and work with third parties\vendors on any tickets as required Keeping up-to-date with identity service changes Notify the service desk with any disruption to service that is third party or vendor related that will affect end-users Keep up-to-date with the technical strategy and future roadmap for existing IT services and upcoming Follow policy and provide technical advice on the service to ensure practices are applied correctly Identify own development needs and request training where applicable Identity Identity lifecycle plays a critical part of Arm IT’s services, this consists of the directory services, directory synchronisation services, authentication services and management tools for these. Arm IT has a large variety of all of these to fulfil the Linux, Windows and Cloud identity requirements. Hybrid Identity is important to Arm IT to ensure every user has a single identity that works across all platforms. Job Requirements What skills, experience and qualifications do I need? Minimum 5 years of experience working in an IT infrastructure (2nd/3rd line) capacity ITIL certification to the foundation level. Microsoft certified or successfully completed official Microsoft training for specialist technologies for Identity required. Experience in supporting any identity based technical services, in particular Microsoft’s directory services, Microsoft’s Identity lifecycle and authentication services for MFA and SSO Experience with handling Identity services using PowerShell where applicable Experience in working closely with outside parties and vendors for support Experience in documenting; processes, procedures and system documentation TECHNICAL SKILLS Support and handle Active Directory, surrounding services and thorough working knowledge of; Domain Controllers, Kerberos, Group Policy, DNS, DFS, NTP, PKI, DHCP, Clustering, IIS, RADIUS, ADLDS, WSUS, AGPM, DSC and more. Support cloud identity services includes; Azure Active Directory (AAD), Azure B2B and B2C. Also any Identity services available in AWS. Support internal identity services including; Active Directory, Active Directory Lightweight Directory Services, Microsoft RADIUS and more. Support identity synchronisation services including; Forefront Identity Manger or Microsoft Identity Manager and Azure AD Connect. Support all the above using automation with PowerShell. DESIRABLE SKILLS & EXPERIENCE Experience of ITIL processes including incident, change, problem, knowledge and request Experience with Oracle Directory Services What are the desired behaviors for this role? At Arm, we are proud to have a set of behaviors that reflect our open culture and guide our decisions, defining how we work together to defy ordinary and craft extraordinary. These behaviors are assessed in the recruitment process: Delivery of results: “You demonstrate a can-do attitude and you aim to overcome obstacles, acting with a sense of urgency because you're passionate about what you do. Partner/customer focus: “Your tendency to put your partners and customers first in all that you do by understanding their needs and striving to achieve positive outcome. Creativity/innovation: “Possessing curiosity and a real passion for driving continuous improvement through spotting opportunities and seeking the views of others. Collaboration/communication: “Your ability to craft relationships which are built upon mutual trust, open communication and sharing of information and success. Personal impact/influence: “You listen to multiply perspectives, evaluate, persuade and carefully craft your work to deliver truly impactful results. Team/personal development: “You take time to drive your own development, while also supporting team members and partners to do the same LI-SC-2