Primary Duties and Responsibilities (details of the basic job functions): Serves in a planning consultant role with a strong background in technology. Provides oversight in the planning, evaluation, implementation validation of new/emerging technologies. Leads project and /or technical maintenance teams. Responsible for providing recommendations and attaining design approval for new technologies and major enhancements to existing systems. Provides support to Security in the development of appropriate audit controls and procedures to ensure the integrity and protection of company resources. Works with customers to understand business objectives in order to ensure functional and technical designs meet requirements and are in compliance with the ACG infrastructure and IS technology standards. Preferred Qualifications: Establish networking environment by designing system configurations; directing system installations; defining, documenting, and enforcing system standards. Maximize network performance by monitoring performance; troubleshooting network problems and outages; scheduling upgrades; collaborating with network architects on network optimization. Secure network system by establishing and enforcing policies; defining and monitoring access. Update job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations. Report network operational status by gathering, prioritizing information. Certification: Cisco Certifications (CCDA, CCNP OR CCNA) Experience in/with: Nexus/ACI Configuration and daily support of Cisco NX-OS (7K, 5K, 2K) Minimum 4 years hands-on experience. Cisco Spine Leaf (Nexus 9k/2k) Minimum 2 years hands-on experience. NSX Network Minimum 1-year hands-on experience. Cisco / Cisco NAC (ISE 802.11x) Cisco Wireless (Identity Services Engine (ISE), Mobility Services Engine (MSE), Prime, Controllers, Aironet Access Points) Meraki Wireless Cisco 36xx, 37xx, 38xx, 4xxx, ASR1x, Catalyst 9xxxx LAN/WAN Routing Architecture and Protocols (OSPF, EIGRP, BGP etc.) Network Management Tools (Solar Winds, Gigamon, Netscout) Infoblox NetMRI, IPAM NetScaler/F5 Load Balancers SSL VPN Packet Capture Tools Experience in/with: Voice and data communication VMWare Work Environment Works in a temperature controlled office environment. Qualifications: Required Qualifications (these are the minimum requirements to qualify): Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or related field or applicable professional certification and/or six to eight years relevant technical and analytical experience. Requirements include the same as previous in job family plus strong technical, analytic, design and development experience. Experience in/with: Designing, developing and implementing technology solutions using technical/business design decisions Multi-platform environments and infrastructure technology planning Developing and maintaining vendor relationships Serving as a consultant to business lines in defining processes or identifying technology based on business requirements Developing business plans for technology initiatives Strong knowledge of: Infrastructure architecture (Network, Integration) Tactical infrastructure technology Security and control procedures Business process re-engineering and technology application Leadership experience including: Providing technical consultation and training to less senior staff Providing leadership to project teams/technical project maintenance teams Ability to: Apply similar prior experience to new issues to ensure effective problem solving Develop strong business relationships Strong written communication skills, including, but not limited to, procedures and technical material preparation and presentation. Experience in/with: Designing, developing and implementing technology solutions using technical/business design decisions Multi-platform environments and infrastructure technology planning Developing and maintaining vendor relationships Serving as a consultant to business lines in defining processes or identifying technology based on business requirements Developing business plans for technology initiatives Strong knowledge of: Infrastructure architecture (Network, Integration) Tactical infrastructure technology Security and control procedures Business process re-engineering and technology application Leadership experience including: Providing technical consultation and training to less senior staff Providing leadership to project teams/technical project maintenance teams