The Opportunity This position is responsible for monitoring and documenting compliance with the delivery of Great Clips operating system and the brand within the salons. Provides coaching to salon managers and franchisees to improve salon performance. Builds relationships and makes connections with salon managers, franchisees and across internal departments that are focused on providing the best possible customer experience in order to grow their business. Your Mission Create a partnership of mutual respect with the franchisee and manager that aligns the goals of the organization with Great Clips operating system, business model, and brand delivery On your journey, your daily responsibilities will include the skill sets below: Completes salon audits using appropriate Great Clips tools and resources to ensure salons are operating within Great Clips operational and facility standards. Provides coaching and development for salon managers to ensure they are receiving specific feedback about salon performance and have access to the resources to support continued growth of the salon. Consults with franchises and other Great Clips, Inc. staff to influence improved performance and growth for each salon and franchised organization. Manages assigned market budgets throughout the year to ensure expenses and net salon goals are met. Builds trust with franchisees as a way to influence positive growth within their organization. Motivate large groups of salon managers and franchisees with engaging public speaking skills. Ability to listen, earn trust, and accept direct feedback from franchisees while building strong, positive relationships. Your Expertise Experience in leadership, management and influencing others, with a willingness to learn and grow. Self-driven to accomplish tasks within a targeted timeline while working within a team support system. Knowledge and support of the Great Clips technical and operating systems; ability to explain the rationale and foundation for the system. Ability to establish credibility and communicate effectively both verbally and in writing. Ability to travel and work a flexible schedule including evenings and weekends is required. Knowledge of and skill in using application software including Word, Excel, Microsoft Outlook, and Internet functionality. Knowledge of retail operations, including real estate, construction, marketing, training, and operations. Skill of helping individuals to understand problems, goals, and various courses of action. Ability to lift up to 20 pounds is required. 2 years post high school business or equivalent education and 4 years of salon/retail management experience is required. Your Work Environment This is remote/field position in which you will work a flexible schedule from home office traveling up to 50 % of the time. Key Competencies Getting Results Ability to drive for results, focus on the customer and build realistic plans. Using a Thoughtful Approach Having the ability to think strategically, demonstrate agility, think creatively, apply financial acumen and promote teamwork. Working with People Excited to build partnerships, model ethical performance, communicate with impact and influence others. What We Offer We offer a competitive salary, health benefits, wellness programs, a company- matching 401K and tuition assistance but some perks that set us apart are: A focus on your development. We want to know what your dreams and aspirations are and hope to find ways of Great Clips helping you along in your journey. Your personalized development plan will create a path for your growth and promotion potential. A GREAT culture. One the most frequent compliments you will hear about Great Clips from employees, franchisees and business partners alike is that Great Clips has a GREAT culture. Our belief is that we are strongest together and therefore find it important to have an inclusive, diverse work culture. Though we embrace our differences, we all share in our 6 core values; we are kind, we listen and earn trust, we keep it simple, we focus on execution, we exceed expectations and WE MAKE IT FUN. A spirit of ideas and innovation. Here at Great Clips, we have a competitive lead within our industry. Though we hold a strong position, we never stop pushing ourselves forward and continue to look for new ways of delivering a powerful and enduring brand. About Great Clips With more than 4,000 franchised salons throughout the United States and Canada, Great Clips is the world’s largest haircutting salon brand. Our salon owners and corporate staff are dedicated to our salon communities with a focus on philanthropic and volunteer activities. Great Clips, Inc. employees are passionate about what we do and our technology team geeks out in finding ways to use technology to make what we do even better.