GENERAL PURPOSE This part-time position provides leadership and direction for the DuPont Historical Museum and the volunteers that operate the Museum. SUPERVISION RECEIVED Works with minimal supervision from the Event & Rec Coordinator and in close collaboration with the President of the DuPont Historical Society who is responsible for operation of the DuPont Historical Museum. SUPERVISION EXERCISED Supervises the volunteers and any contract worker associated with the Museum. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Staff museum during hours of operation and assigns volunteers to staff the museum as needed. Facilitate group and individual tours and tracks visitor hours. Answer and/or direct research questions and requests. Help recruit volunteers and assists with training. Identify and assign volunteer tasks and tracks volunteer hours. Accept and document incoming donated artifacts and documents. Perform light filing and correspondence tasks - compile receipts and submit to the Historical Society's accountant for monthly financial report. Provide monthly reports of Museum activities. Assists with researching and writing grants. Help manage gift shop sales. Order office supplies and stock visitor and museum brochures. Update museum reader board and Assist with publicity outreach. Attend Tourism or Museum related events. Attend Board of Directors monthly meetings and provide museum update reports. Provide yearly visitor and volunteer statistics for the Annual Report. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES Knowledge of personal computer applications; budgeting; strategic planning. Skill in written and interpersonal communication. Ability to provide leadership and direction. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with City employees, other agencies, and the public. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Requires high school graduation or GED; Bachelor's degree in Museum Studies or relevant field or equivalent experience in museum operations and administration is preferred. REQUIREMENTS Verification of identity to work in the United States as required by the Immigration Reform and Control Act. TOOLS AND EQUIPMENT USED Personal computer using Microsoft Office