The SAP Development Lead holds a critical leadership position within LYB’s SAP Development Team which is responsible for the strategy, architecture, design, development, delivery and operations of LyondellBasell’ s (LYB's) global SAP applications. These SAP applications support all major aspects of LYB’s $40 billion business. This SAP portfolio spans all modules and products supporting Order to Cash, Produce to Deliver, Book to Report and Hire to Retire (employee life cycle). This portfolio includes on premise applications such as SAP Suite on HANA, Advanced Planning and Optimization (APO), Product Lifecycle Management (PLM), Master Data Governance (MDG), Revenue Accounting and Reporting (RAR) and SAP’s cloud (SAAS) solutions such as Integrated Business Planning, Hana Cloud Integration, Ariba, Concur and SuccessFactors. Specifically, the SAP Development Lead leads these activities with a specific focus on a designated functional portfolio within LYB’s overall SAP program. These portfolios include: Supply Chain/OTC Corporate Services: Record to Report (Finance), Employee Life Cycle (HR), and Procurement Manufacturing and Enterprise Projects Enhancements and Operational Excellence The SAP Development Lead is responsible for teaming with his/her peers (business engagement leads, business, technical staff and architects) to design and deliver quality, integrated end to end solutions to pressing business needs. The SAP Development Lead is involved in a portfolio including an average of $50 million of SAP related projects and $3 million of incremental enhancements annually. He/She also may play a key role in SAP related workstreams associated with merger & acquisition initiatives. Responsibilities: The SAP Development Lead – FICO/Tax provides leadership focused on Finance (Record to Report) Processes. This would include: Leading SAP related direct and indirect tax systems configuration and implementation Contributing to tax technology strategy and roadmaps Developing a position on emerging tax technology, including robotic process automation (RPA), artificial intelligence (AI), blockchain, cloud solutions, data lake and business intelligence inputs Articulating application team’s position on tax operating model transformation, including process improvement, risk and controls Leading SAP workstreams related to FICO /Tax for functional assessments and M&A activities The SAP Development Lead – FICO / Tax will: Work closely with the Applications Leadership and other ITS and business partners to develop SAP strategy in support of overall business strategy and goals. Lead team members in solution development, design and architectural processes. Contribute to strategic decision making around SAP technology advancements such a S4 and other cloud based solutions. Manage within an organizational structure supporting quality delivery in a cost-effective manner. This will consist of a mix of employees, contractors, delivery partners and offshore resources. As assigned, lead the applications project team managing day-to-day aspects of designated programs and projects including solutioning, delivery, support, continuous improvement, development, upgrades, and enhancements. Engage with broader integration team on SAP applications work associated with merger and acquisition initiatives. Manage the delivery of Statement of Work (SOW) engagements with major partners such as SAP and Top Four and boutique consulting firms. Consistently strive for best practices in performance and talent management. Foster a culture of safety, teamwork and excellence. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's degree required; master's degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Business Administration or related field preferred. 10+ years SAP functional and technical experience in the Finance domain. Experience in delivering solid technical solutions focused on tax. History including 5+ years leading project teams focused on development. Proven background in large scale SAP project delivery and maintenance and support. Capability to envision, architect and deliver quality integrated solutions consisting of SAP and non-SAP applications. Strong leadership, communication, negotiation, and conflict management skills. Track record of leadership and achievement of objectives through team. Ability to communicate highly technical information in an understandable manner. Ability to multi-task and prioritize in a fast-paced environment. Experience in working in large international project teams including offshore delivery. Preferred Qualifications Background in mergers, acquisitions or divesture activities a plus. Experience with SAP S4. LyondellBasell (NYSE: LYB) is one of the world’s largest plastics, chemical and refining companies and a member of the S&P 500. LyondellBasell (www.lyondellbasell.com) manufactures products at 55 sites in 17 countries. LyondellBasell products and technologies are used to make items that improve the quality of life for people around the world including; packaging, electronics, automotive parts, home furnishings, construction materials and biofuels. Must be at least 18 years of age and must be legally authorized to work in the United States (US) on a permanent basis without visa sponsorship. LyondellBasell does not accept or retain unsolicited résumés or phone calls and/or respond to them or to any third party representing job seekers. LyondellBasell is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. The US EEO is the Law poster is available here.