Division: Siemens Healthineers Business Unit: Strategy & Innovation Requisition Number: 226365 Primary Location: United States-Texas-Houston Assignment Category: Full-time regular Experience Level: Senior level Education Required Level: Doctorate Degree Travel Required: No Division Description: Siemens is a global technology powerhouse that has stood for engineering excellence, innovation, quality, reliability and internationality for more than 165 years. As a global technology company, Siemens is rigorously leveraging the advantages that this setup provides. To tap business opportunities in both new and established markets, the Company is organized in nine Divisions: Power and Gas, Wind Power and Renewables, Energy Management, Building Technologies, Mobility, Digital Factory, Process Industries and Drives, Healthineers and Financial Services. With 45,000 employees Siemens Healthineers is one of the world’s largest suppliers of technology to the healthcare industry and a leader in medical imaging, laboratory diagnostics and healthcare IT. All supported by a comprehensive portfolio of clinical consulting, training, and services available across the globe and tailored to customers’ needs. So that more people can have a life that is longer, richer, and more filled with happiness. For more information, please visit: http://www.usa.siemens.com/healthineers Job Description: Job description The Medical Imaging Technologies team of Siemens Healthcare Technology Center has an immediate opening for a senior research scientist specialized in medical image analysis and artificial intelligence at Houston Methodist, Houston TX, in close collaboration with the team in Princeton, NJ. The focus will be on investigating, developing and translating cutting edge technologies for image-guided interventions and surgery to clinical practice. You will have the opportunity to interact closely with on-site physicians while being part of our world-class research team. You will have the opportunity to test your knowledge in a challenging problem-solving environment. You will be encouraged to think out-of-the-box, innovate and find high-impact solutions to real-life, healthcare problems, with immediate feedback from the field. You will also be encouraged to publish your work in leading journals and conferences. What are my responsibilities? Investigate, design and implement disruptive algorithms for clinical applications. Work on real-world problems hand-in-hand with the end users Gather requirements from physicians on-site, come up with innovative ideas and solutions, and test them in the field Advance the state-of-the-art in the field, including generating patents and publications in top journals and conferences Fast prototyping, feasibility studies, specification and implementation of medical imaging product components. Work with physicians at Houston Methodist and Siemens Healthineers colleagues across different business lines to understand algorithm and workflow requirements and deliver solutions What do I need to qualify for this job? Ph.D. in Biomedical Engineering or Computer Science 3-5+ years of experience (including Ph.D. study) in medical image analysis, machine learning (Deep Learning, Deep Reinforcement Learning) with focus on real-life, clinical applications Strong knowledge and hands-on experience in multi-modality medical image analysis (segmentation, registration, tracking) Knowledge in augmented reality and biomechanical modeling is a plus Strong practical background, with successful demonstration of key responsibilities. Medical knowledge is a plus. Proven ability to develop new research ideas as demonstrated by a strong publication record and early developments to the level of working system prototypes. Good coding skills and ability to quickly prototype with proven track record. Entrepreneurial approach who is willing to accept challenges and responsibilities. Excellent interpersonal skills and a can-do attitude, with strong collaboration skills and ability to thrive in a technical and clinical environment. Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English. Ability to express own ideas to colleagues with different background is required, as well as skilled to gather said and non-said requirements. Adaptability to work in a growing, dynamic and multi-disciplinary team LI-ES1