Dispatch Manager – Emergency Communications Summary Supervises and coordinates activities of workers engaged in receiving emergency or non-emergency calls, dispatching personnel and equipment, and providing pre-arrival instructions to callers by performing the following duties. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Prepares work schedules to ensure that sufficient shift personnel are available for workload demands. Reviews dispatch operations to identify technical and operational training needs and recommend operational improvements. Reviews and recommends modifications to computer-aided dispatch systems. Assigns duties and examines work for conformance to policies and procedures. Coordinates emergency calls and relays information and assistance requests involving other law enforcement and firefighting agencies. Enters, updates, and retrieves information from police computer systems relating to wanted persons, stolen property, vehicle registration, stolen vehicles, and other information. Tests, inspects, and operates radio, telephone, computer, and other equipment as needed. Prepares, reviews, and maintains reports, statistics, and records. Performs the work of subordinate dispatch personnel as needed. Ability to train newly hired employees. Meets with committees composed of representatives from fire and police departments, public, and other interested groups to develop, review, and update policies and procedures for dispatch center. Other duties may be assigned. S chedule Scheduled, but not limited to, working hours Tuesday – Saturday 3:00pm to 11:00pm. Education and/or Experience High School Diploma or GED. Minimum five years of experience, as a Public Safety Dispatcher. Applicants with supervisory and Computer Aided Dispatch (C.A.D.) experience are preferred. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations TCLEOSE Dispatch/Telecommunication Certification, TCOLE Instructor preferred but not required, TLETS, TCIC/NCIC basic certification. APCO/EMD certification preferred. Valid Driver's License required. Salary Starting at $2,165.70/bi-weekly