Overview _About the company:_ As a company, we promote a culture of honesty and integrity, and value the trust it allows us to build with customers and employees alike. If you are seeking to be a part of a family, this is the place for you! Performance Team (PT) is an industry-leading third-party logistics (3PL) company with nearly 30 years of experience in Warehousing, Distribution, Consolidation and Transportation. PT has 12 domestic hubs strategically located near major ports, interstate highways and intermodal rail lines allowing us to provide the retail and manufacturing industries with flexible B2B and B2C solutions for the movement, handling and distribution of goods. We believe that it is our talented team of professionals who help us stand at the forefront of the logistics industry today. Our focus on our people is what sets us apart and keeps our customers coming back to work with us! At a time when many companies are cutting back and losing their valuable resources, Performance Team is growing full force! Join the team that is outperforming the rest, and make a difference. Summary : Collects, Reviews, and Processes Accounts Payable records by specific internal operational unit (building) and applies the following duties and responsibilities. Responsibilities Collects all vendors invoices, debit memos, and credit memos Reviews all invoices for appropriate backup, Prepares Invoice allocation if required Data entry into MAS 500 Module Reconcile vendor statements Responds to all vendor inquiries Assists with special projects, as required Other duties as assigned Qualifications Associate's degree (A. A.) required, 4 year degree highly desirable or equivalent combination of education and experience. Minimum 4 years of experience in high volume of invoice processing. Has knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, and procedures within particular field. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Strong analytical and organization skills. Extremely proficient with MS Office programs and strong overall system skills. Education and/or Experience Bachelor's degree (B. A.) from four-year College or university; or five to seven years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. EEO Statement Performance Team is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Performance Team will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with all legal requirements.