This position is part of the Enterprise Data & Analytics team, a high- performance group chartered with delivering a beautifully simple analytics foundation and service that allows Zendesk to scale to a $1 Billion company with clearly defined, consistent metrics and a data architecture that provides all business operations with high quality and timely analytics for optimal decision making. Our business supports multiple products, each generating their own unique data. Product owners, engineers, and business analysts throughout the company rely on this data to help make informed decisions. We’ve built an Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) platform dedicated to support disparate internal and external data sources. The platform has been built leveraging mostly open-source tools on Google Cloud Platform. Our Go To Market (GTM) teams are dedicated to support marketing, sales, and strategic efforts for the company. We need a dedicated person to manage and curate related data to make it useful, relevant, and available to our many analyst teams throughout the company. Unlocking the power of our marketing and sales data is only possible after truly identifying how analysts and other systems will consume the data. Fortunately, we have a strong framework in place to support the existing data model and can adapt to updated model(s) as our business evolves. The individual in this role will influence how we represent data in the EDW and how our partners will be able to conduct analyses and forecasts. Who you are: Empathetic to the analytic needs of analysts, sales, marketing, and growth teams, the right candidate has the ability to translate data requirements into usable, scalable data structures Adheres to established protocols but can adapt to change as needed Willing to improve existing system, make recommendations, and is not afraid to challenge what we think to be true Deep passion for accuracy and validation to verify transformations What you get to do everyday: Communicate with sales operations, marketing operations, strategy teams, analysts, and other data consumers to determine data needs Prioritize new product data requests and develop necessary processes to accommodate Own the GTM datasets and be their champion Engage with users to ensure shared success and deeper insights Collaborate with other data Product Managers for other areas of our business Practice good data hygiene and implementation standards Develop and support data dictionary elements as needed Develop and update necessary data models Develop processes that validate, automate and scale transformations in reporting layer Provide regular updates for technical and non-technical stakeholders about dataset updates and necessary changes What you bring to the role: Self-motivated and driven by the purpose outlined above. Eager to be a leader at Zendesk in understanding how marketing and sales data needs to be consumed by our organization Strong communication skills, both written and oral, and an ability to listen and understand root needs across many different business units Deep desire to make your partners successful when using your product Demonstrated ability to document schemas, data models, data dictionaries, etc. Well-established personal processes to handle multiple requests from varied stakeholders, in a way that maintains clear priority, adjusts when needed, and is always helpful and pleasant Database Admin (DBA) experience Experience with relational and columnar database stores Data modeling Advanced SQL skills 2+ years working with cloud-based infrastructure, Google Cloud Platform (GCP) a plus 4+ years experience in a similar role Bachelor’s Degree The best customer experiences are built with Zendesk. Zendesk’s powerful and flexible customer service and engagement platform scales to meet the needs of any business, from startups and small businesses to growth companies and enterprises. Zendesk serves businesses across a multitude of industries, with more than 125,000 paid customer accounts offering service and support in more than 30 languages. Headquartered in San Francisco, Zendesk operates worldwide with 15 offices in North America, Europe, Asia, Australia, and South America. Learn more at www.zendesk.com. Interested in knowing what we do in the community? Check out the Zendesk Neighbor Foundation to learn more about how we engage with, and provide support to, our local communities. Individuals seeking employment at Zendesk are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation. By submitting your application, you agree that Zendesk may collect your personal data for recruiting, global organization planning, and related purposes. Zendesk's Candidate Privacy Notice explains what personal information Zendesk may process, where Zendesk may process your personal information, its purposes for processing your personal information, and the rights you can exercise over Zendesk’s use of your personal information.