Description DESCRIPTION: Administers and manages complex enterprise technology solutions. Acts as primary support and central point of contact on large or multiple systems with significant impact across the firm. Extensive contact with internal customers, other technology professionals, and vendors is required to identify, research, analyze, and resolve system issues and problems. RESPONSIBILITIES: Installs or coordinates installation of updates/patches and releases on development, test, pre-production, and production systems. Manages and maintains complex systems. Performs implementations and upgrades in compliance with security guidelines. Ensures availability, security and integrity of assigned systems. Monitors systems, including setting alerts to maintain the stability of the environment and monitoring error logs. Troubleshoots or escalates issues as needed. Evaluates and identifies ways to automate, streamline, and improve day-to-day maintenance and administrative practices. Ensures adherence to Service Level Agreements regarding application availability. Serves as central point of contact and as a liaison to other IT departments and vendors regarding installations, server maintenance, licensing and upgrade issues. Participating in project meetings supporting business objectives which Linux team has deliverables for. Effectively manages communication between end users, vendors, and IT departments to solve production, pre-production, test, and t environment problems quickly. Creates and maintains accurate system run book for assigned systems. Maintains current description and documentation of application configuration, including tracking and documenting any changes to environments. Assists in capacity planning, performance monitoring and tuning on assigned systems. Participates in business continuity and disaster recovery planning, including assisting with fault tolerance and disaster recovery plans. Ability to take on call responsibilities. LI-MM2 Qualifications EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS: Minimum of a B.S. in Computer Science, MIS or related degree and three (5) years of related experience preferably in systems administration or combination of education, training and experience. Knowledge of the following highly preferred: Windows: Server, IIS Linux: Apache, JBOSS Preferred: experience with automated deployments, experience administrating large enterprise applications, public facing websites, DynaTrace, Splunk, Nagios Concepts, principles and practices of systems administration. Monitoring tools to ensure required availability of assigned systems. Active Directory, TCP/IP networking protocols, DNS. Backup and recovery technologies. Network and security concepts and technologies. Automation, monitoring, and testing using Shell, Perl, Python, and Ruby. Understanding of TCP/IP networking standards, protocols, etc. RHEL Satellite management server. VMWare Virtualization software. RHEL, SUSE, Ubuntu, CentOS, Fedora knowledge desired. Apache web server configuration and support. Virtualization and private cloud technologies is preferred. Application deployment and systems provisioning using Puppet. Code versioning software using Git . Project/Quality Management. ITIL Practices/Change control. Licenses/Certifications: None required. COMPETENCIES: Analysis: Identify and understand issues, problems and opportunities; compare data from different sources to draw conclusions. Communication: Clearly convey information and ideas through a variety of media to individuals or groups in a manner that engages the audience and helps them understand and retain the message. Exercising Judgment and Decision Making: Use effective approaches for choosing a course of action or developing appropriate solutions; recommend or take action that is consistent with available facts, constraints and probable consequences. Technical and Professional Knowledge: Demonstrate a satisfactory level of technical and professional skill or knowledge in position-related areas; remains current with developments and trends in areas of expertise. Building Effective Relationships: Develop and use collaborative relationships to facilitate the accomplishment of work goals. Client Focus: Make internal and external clients and their needs a primary focus of actions; develop and sustain productive client relationships