SWITCHGEAR ASSEMBLER/WIREPERSON We are a company of innovators, game changers, and entrepreneurs. As a prime contractor, we provide a broad range of communication, electronic and sensor systems used on military and commercial platforms across the globe. We embrace innovative and progressive ideas to advance our products for military and commercial customers. Electronic Systems Segment (ESS) is one of four L3 business segments, and provides a broad range of aerospace systems, security and detection systems, and pilot training. We are searching for a Switchgear Assembler/Wireperson for our Power Distribution - Philadelphia location. If you are a certified Electrician or experienced wireperson who meets the following required criteria, please apply. We offer a competitive benefits package and our Assemblers enjoy an environment free from the harsh elements. Under general direction of supervisor, you will perform a variety of operations to wire and assemble all types of switchgear, switchboard panels and associated components. You will demonstrate success by: Mount, align and secure electrical and mechanical apparatus and electrical devices required on individual jobs. Trace circuits on wiring diagrams. Count wires and plan packs and locations. Use specified size and type of wire, solid color or color-coded; apply identification number bands and tags as required. Cut wires to length. Make mechanical or soldered connections. Apply clips and wire cleats. Check out circuits and make continuity tests. Cut and install conduit. Apply insulation and tape up connection as required. Prepare material report showing size and quantity of wire used, number of cleats, lugs, connectors, etc. Type any additional wire markers. Observe all safety regulations. Bolt performed parts to welded frame. Check work for operation, clearances and completeness. If necessary, make alterations involving drilling, tapping and filing. Attach any required labels to units. Bolt units to skid or pallet. Layout and mount equipment; if necessary, use portable power tools, drill press, band saw, belt sander, fixtures and measurement devices where required. Clean equipment for shipment. Touch-up all paint, using spray paint or brush. Follow established routings, procedures, bills of material, assembly and wiring details and verbal directions. Clean work area. Do routine maintenance work when required. Our Values are an integral part of who we are. We seek candidates who share our values: Integrity Excellence Accountability Respect Qualifications Qualifications: High School Diploma, Technical Schooling preferred in basic wiring, lugging, reading wiring diagrams Two (2) years of related experience This is a bargaining-unit represented position; therefore, salary offered is in accordance with the Collective Bargaining Agreement. Starting rate is $20.30/hour with room for increase after successful completion of a 90-day probationary period. Candidates must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. SAVING LIVES AND MAKING THE WORLD A SAFER PLACE TO LIVE _L3 Technologies, Inc. is proud to be an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. L3 provides equal employment opportunity for all persons, in all facets of employment. L3 maintains a drug-free workplace and performs pre- employment substance abuse testing and background checks. We encourage all qualified applicants to apply for any open position for which they feel they are qualified and all will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status or any other legally protected characteristic._ US Security Clearance Required : Other Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day - 1st Travel : No Organization : PD - Operations-20003427 Job Level : Individual Contributor Job Posting : Aug 11, 2018, 4:00:00 AM Job : Assembly