St. Catherine University invites applications for a Human Resources Information Systems Analyst in the Human Resources Department. St. Catherine University is a Catholic comprehensive university. Located in the vibrant Twin Cities of St. Paul and Minneapolis, St. Catherine enrolls approximately 4,700 students in three colleges; the College for Women, the Graduate College and the College for Adults. At all degree levels—associate, baccalaureate, masters and doctorate—St. Catherine integrates liberal arts and professional education within the Catholic tradition, emphasizing intellectual inquiry and social teaching, and calling students to transformational leadership. While providing a range of on-line course offerings and popular health-related programs in Minneapolis, most of the curriculum is offered at our picturesque campus in St. Paul. St. Catherine University has a demonstrated commitment to Inclusive Excellence. This includes a core commitment to the principles of diversity and inclusion with and explicit emphasis on equity and excellence in student learning and the work experience. The University is committed to making Inclusive Excellence a reality and has identified “Drive a Culture of Inclusive Excellence” as one of the six strategic priorities in the new University strategic plan. The Human Resources Information Systems (HRIS) Analyst is responsible for managing the HRIS functions and the integration of technology into HR systems and processes; identify areas of opportunity to improve existing HRIS processes, functionality and work flow, and maximize technological capabilities to reduce manual processes and to improve data management and efficiency. The HRIS Analyst, also functions as the interface between the Division of Human Resources and the Information Technology (IT) Department. The HRIS Analyst works closely with IT to improve and maintain administrative database applications, and to provide ongoing user support for the Division of Human Resources, in addition to researching new applications. Responsibilities: Serve as the Project Manager for HR related projects to maximize the integration of technology into HR systems and processes. Leads the needs analysis and software selection process; partnering with other HR team members to determine needs for new, enhanced or replacement technology; providing technical support to HR team for all HR systems during implementation and ongoing usage and providing technical support and training to HR team. Serve as the liaison with IT and works closely with the IT team to troubleshoot, resolve issues and to ensure continued support and development of HR systems. Monitor system patches and upgrades. Maintain Banner users’ security access and appropriate permissions and review security issues with IT. Serve as the technical expert for the ERP (Banner), Applicant Tracking System (PeopleAdmin) and other HR systems; maintains HR systems, developing, implementing and modifying requirements to meet the needs of HR and the University; responsible for testing of upgrades and new functionality; responsible for keeping up to date on software changes and informing the HR team of those changes; responsible for troubleshooting issues and submitting tickets with vendors, researching knowledge bases for info, and working directly with vendor to resolve issues; develops and implements Banner training for HR staff and develop a Banner user manual; responsible for on-going development and modification of systems to meet end user requirements. Facilitate the development of online forms and development and maintenance of Banner Workflow processes. Lead the development short and long term HR technology plan in collaboration with the HR team. Apply knowledge of HR information systems and data in extracting and analyzing current, historical, and forecasted data to support strategic workforce planning. Develop, maintain and support effective HR reporting (complex and ad hoc) and standard queries utilizing various reporting tools. Assist in the development of standard reports for ongoing HR needs and to support HR’s interface with other departments (IPEDS, etc.); including, turnover, headcount, recruiting, engagement, and other key metrics to drive organizational effectiveness. Develop a dashboard of HR metrics to be presented and reviewed on a quarterly basis to HR leadership and annually to senior leadership. Ensure compliance with designated HR laws: data preparation, auditing and issuing of Affordable Care Act (ACA) 1095-C forms to ensure compliance with ACA law; and data preparation, auditing and monitoring of specified municipality leave requirements. Assist in benchmarking salary and benefits surveys. Understand and contribute to implementation of departmental and institutional goals for achieving non-discrimination and creating a respectful, inclusive environment that is supportive of diversity. Position Qualifications Requirements: Associate’s degree is required; Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in human resources, information systems or a related field is preferred. A minimum of 4 years of a combination of professional experience in HR and information systems. A minimum of 2 years of experience working with ERP HR systems (i.e. SAP, Oracle, People Soft, Banner) including implementing, testing and reporting services. Demonstrated understanding of SQL server database structures and reporting services. Strong database management skills including ability to merge clean and analyze large amounts of data. Demonstrated strong attention to detail, problem solving, critical thinking and analytical skills. Passionate about solving challenges by leveraging technology solutions in alignment with business processes. Proven ability to multi-task, prioritize and manage projects in a fast-paced environment. A proven track record of personal accountability, strong work ethic, integrity, and proven organizational skills with attention to detail. Proven ability to apply analytical techniques as well as obtain, verify and evaluate general and statistical information. A self-starter who demonstrates the ability to work independently as well as collaborating with team members and other stakeholders. The successful candidate must demonstrate cultural fluency and the ability to work effectively and respond respectfully to people of all cultural backgrounds, in a manner that affirms the worth and preserves the dignity of individuals, families and communities. Proficient with Microsoft Office products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and familiarity/experience with Google Apps. Demonstrated writing and speaking skills and attention to details. Excellent customer service skills along with the ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines. Ability to maintain confidentiality of personnel data. Preferred Qualifications: Experience in higher education. Knowledge of HR related laws (i.e. Affordable Care Act (ACA), I-9, etc.). Special/Other Requirements Summary To apply: Please visit the St. Catherine University Employment Site at http://www.stkate.edu/hr for electronic application information and details. Candidates of color are encouraged to apply, as are those who will contribute to a diverse candidate pool. Requisition number is 20180045-Staff. Applicants may also visit the St. Catherine University Human Resources office to submit an electronic application. We are located in Derham Hall, Room 8. Review of applications will begin immediately position is open until filled. St. Catherine University 2004 Randolph Avenue, St. Paul, MN 55105 EEO /AA/Drug Free Workplace Employer ~Tobacco-Free Campuses _Our university is a proud member of the Upper Midwest_ _HERC_ _and is committed to recruiting and retaining outstanding and diverse faculty and staff and assisting dual career couples. For more information and to find other higher education jobs in the Upper Midwest region, visit: www.uppermidwestherc.org_ Posting Detail Information Posting Start Date 07/19/2018 Close Date