At Northwestern Mutual, we believe relationships are built on trust. That our lives and our work matter. These beliefs launched our company nearly 160 years ago. Today, they're just a few of the reasons why people choose to build careers at Northwestern Mutual. We're strong and growing. In a company with such a long and storied history, this may be the most exciting and important time to be a part of Northwestern Mutual. We're strong, innovative and growing. We invest in our people. We provide opportunities for employees to grow themselves, their career and in turn, our business. We care. We make a positive difference in our communities. Nationally, thousands have benefitted from our support of research and programs to fight childhood cancer. Each year, our Foundation, employees and financial representatives donate time, talent and financial support to causes they're passionate about. _We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age or status as a protected veteran, or any other characteristic protected by law._ What’s the role? At Northwestern Mutual, mobile for us is much more than a buzzword. We're rethinking core things about our business and what it should become in a mobile experience. We're tackling big problems like changing user behavior, personal financial literacy and data syncing. If you get excited by seemingly impossible problems, we should talk. We’re a distributed team of engineers working solely on mobile products. We are looking for an Android Engineer to join our team and help us disrupt the mobile space for LearnVest and Northwestern Mutual. Bring Your Best! What this role needs: You have 2 or more years of experience writing mobile applications in a production environment. You are an outstanding software engineer with strong CS fundamentals You have a demonstrated passion to grow your skills You have professional mobile development experience on an app published in the Google Play Store You are familiar with Java, RxJava, Kotlin and Dagger, and can detail their use in Android applications You are a tenacious self-starter and determined problem solver You are a collaborative team member who cares more about proper solutions than being right You have excellent written and spoken communication skills Plus: You have an eye for design and user experience Benefits: Tuition reimbursement, commuter plans, and paid time off Highly competitive compensation that include base salary plus bonus Medical/Dental/Vision plans, Matching 401(k), pension program Req ID: 22895 Position Type: Regular Full Time Education Experience: Bachelor's Desired Employment Experience: 3-5 years Licenses/Certifications: FLSA Status: Exempt Posting Date: 05/21/2018