As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for four consecutive years. The Vice Provost of Academic and Student Affairs (ASA) oversees the work of teams focused on pilot and project support, advancement, the Center for Teaching and Learning, Learning Technologies, Classroom Technology & Events, and Enrollment Management with the mission of enhancing the student experience for all students, inside and outside the classroom. ASA's goals include supporting faculty excellence and innovation in teaching and learning; promoting access, engagement, and success of a diverse student body; and creating graduate leaders in life and career. Classroom Technology & Events (CTE), a unit of the office of Academic & Student Affairs, is the campus leader in the design and integration of technologies in state-of-the-art learning environments. CTE offers a full range of audio-visual and learning space design expertise to the UW community, and works with students, faculty, and staff to enhance learning spaces with new technologies aimed at improving student-learning outcomes. CTE supports instruction in more than 300 general-use classrooms, and its student equipment loan program gives UW Seattle students access to modern multimedia and computing equipment. Its Events Services group offers facilities that accommodate a wide range of events, hosting hundreds each year. CTE has an outstanding opportunity for an A/V Integration Specialist. The purpose of this position is to provide professional AV/IT integration services, project management, sales engineering, consulting, technical support and customer service to the Seattle campus community of instructional faculty, research faculty, staff and students and campus visitors in formal and informal classroom settings in various locations across the Seattle campus. This is an opportunity to join the AV/IT design and integration team of a well-established learning space and campus facilities technology design/build department. Classroom Technology & Events is looking for a highly responsible and motivated professional audio visual and technology systems integrator, programmer, project manager, and systems engineer. This position will be responsible for adhering to design specifications as well as programming, installing and/or overseeing the installation of: Networked AV and room control systems; Low voltage lighting control systems; Computer presentation technologies; Professional audio, video, computer, and distance education solutions; Active learning classrooms, learning spaces and lecture halls; Auditorium sound reinforcement; Data HD projection systems for laptop and desktop computer display; LCD flat-panel displays; and Other technologies found used in UW Seattle campus general use classrooms, presentation spaces and conference rooms. This position requires expert-level systems administration knowledge in server-based technology management systems, computer control software, networked control systems and related software, networked low voltage lighting control systems and related software, digital audio processing systems and related software, Crestron Fusion enterprise building management software and other facilities automation / management systems for monitoring, logging, alerts, metrics, analytics, and report generation. This position also requires expert-level knowledge of network-based AV transmission protocols, IP address and subnet configuration, and network security. Candidates should have expertise in all aspects of the audio visual realm, including AV/IT integration, programming, project management, commercial construction method and technical support experience, and must demonstrate experience completing technical installation of audiovisual systems, including equipment rack fabrication, site preparation, termination and calibration of audio and video equipment, and implementation of Crestron control systems, including code debugging. A customer-centric attitude, desire to problem solve, and ability to troubleshoot complex audio, video, switching and control system problems is required. Job Duties: Collaborate with installation team to efficiently and effectively complete AV/IT integration projects. Maintain Washington State 06 limited systems electrical license or obtain specialty electrician trainee certificate and work under the supervision of a certified electrician to ensure that all limited energy electrical work is performed in compliance with applicable codes. Apply for electrical permits and arrange for electrical inspections. Commission AV and other technology systems by testing systems and verifying that quality standards are being met. Provide high-level technical support (Tier III) to other technicians attempting to diagnose, troubleshoot, repair and debug complex learning space equipment and systems. Interface with designers, consultants, vendors, general contractors, electrical contractors and other partners. Install and program Audio DSP platforms (e.g., Biamp); Install control system platforms (e.g., Crestron); Program and interface with new or existing low voltage lighting and HVAC controls; configure, program and provide operational support for systems requiring remote network, or in-room interface (e.g., Biamp Audio, Crestron Audio/Video Processing Systems, Extron Audio/Video switching and processing systems). Review and evaluate audio-visual project designs, drawings, schedules, budgets, estimates, and equipment selections. Create equipment lists; rack and console elevations; conceptual and detailed audio, video, and control diagrams; and patch panel and custom I/O panel layouts. Create bill of materials for job purchasing and arrange for the procurement of equipment. Conduct needs assessments with faculty, staff, administrators and project stakeholders; participate in the planning and design phases for the integration of technology systems. Assist in establishing technology requirements for new and existing classrooms and private spaces to ensure successful implementation of new or upgraded systems. Utilize project management methodologies and assist with all phases of project management. Provide Tier III technical support and high-level diagnostic troubleshooting, testing, repair, and adjustment of integrated audiovisual systems, including loading and debugging of control system code. Update install and maintain various system software such as operating systems, firmware, programs and security updates. Provide training to customers and other support staff. Other duties as assigned. As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For detailed information on Benefits for this position, click here. REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's Degree in Educational Technologies or related field, and minimum of 3 years experience, to include experience programming Audio DSP platforms, and experience installing and debugging of control system platforms and related programming code (e.g., Crestron). The successful candidate will also possess the following: Ability to perform all tasks associated with the installation of commercial audio and video equipment; Demonstrated leadership and teamwork experience, including the ability to work with minimum supervision and be self-directed both independently and as part of a team; Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to effectively interpret and discuss technology issues with colleagues, students, staff and faculty in positions across the university with varying degrees of expertise and technical knowledge; Ability, skill and initiative to problem solve, assume responsibility, and establish and maintain quality standards. Ability to stay organized, with the skill to prioritize, pivot, and manage competing priorities to meet deadlines and complete all assigned tasks; Demonstrated ability to analyze work processes and introduce appropriate technological solutions for greater efficiency of operations; Demonstrated excellence in customer service, user liaison, personal interaction and communication in a demand-based, service-oriented environment. Demonstrated attention to detail, including excellent written communication skills and technical documentation skills for creating policy and technical documents; Must complete InfoComm's Certified Technology Specialist (CTS) training within 6 months, followed by InfoComm's CTS-I within one year of employment. _Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except when there are legal requirements, such as a license/certification/registration._ DESIRED At least 4+ years experience in programming Audio DSP platforms, installing and debugging of control system platforms and related programming code (e.g., Crestron). Strong knowledge in 7-layer OSI reference model, IP addressing, IP switching technologies and IP-based digital distribution systems; Strong background in working with Biamp, Crestron, Extron, Lutron , and Vantage; Strong knowledge of programming in SIMPL, SIMPL+, C/C, and other C-like languages; and Current Washington State driver's license and UW Fleet Services Van Operator Training. CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT Flexibility and availability to work evenings and weekends as needed. Must be able to work in an office environment, as well as cold shell/warm shell construction site environments; Must be able to work comfortably on ladders, lifts and other high places, as well as in tight conditions such as crawl spaces, equipment closets and cabinets; Must be able to perform all tasks associated with the installation of commercial audio and video equipment including lifting and carrying up to 45lbs of bulky equipment and/or tools; bending, squatting, climbing, reaching above shoulder heights, grasping, and fine manipulation.