Layer 7 Data Solutions is a full life-cycle technology services company. We help businesses resolve technical issues from layers 1 through 7. Layer 7 Data Solutions has been making advanced technology simple and cost effective for the SMB and Enterprise market for over a decade. Layer 7 Data Solutions has a great opportunity with one of our clients in NY. Client conducts clinical research on cancer as well as developing new drugs, provides advanced treatment for all forms of adult and pediatric cancer and serves as a member of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network. We are currently hiring Business Analyst for our client . Job Responsibilities: Create documentation and ensure compliancy to FDA regulation 21 CFR Part 11 Illicit business, system, and technical requirements Document business, system, and technical requirements Create mapping documents Provide leadership, support and guidance related to business analysis, testing and overall quality for the project team. Provide training to the project team for HP ALM. Handle multiple complex assignments concurrently. Provide testing leadership on large projects or initiatives. Create and present Test Plans. Develop test strategies and test plans for both manual and automated testing, as well as for multiple releases Participate in requirements and design walkthroughs Analyze requirements, aiding in the creation of test cases and test scripts for the testing of the system Create test scripts based on documented requirements Execute test scripts documenting both passed and failed tests, performing root cause analysis, and defect management within the HP ALM tool Create and maintain test data Triage and meetings, to aid in the investigation and resolution of the defects by the development team Solve complex problems and identify holes in requirements documents Required Skills: 6 years of experience eliciting and documenting business or technical requirements for multiple large system replacement projects. 6 years of experience as a Project lead 6 years of experience working as a business subject matter expert on a hospital, research, or pharmaceutical system. 6 years of experience creating test plans, test scripts, and tracking defects. 2 years of experience using HP ALM, HP Quality Center or Mercury Quality Center, OR SIMILAR PRODUCT. 6 years of experience working in a Hospital, Research, or pharmaceutical company in a software testing, business/systems analyst capacity. 3 years of experience working in a regulated environment that requires regulations to FDA 21 CFR Part 11, State Department of Health or Joint Commission. 2 years of experience working on a clinical trials management system or a clinical trials EDC system. Must be authorized to work in United States. No sponsorship and no third parties. Must be local candidate.