Reporting to a Director, Business Operations, the Assistant Vice President, Technology is responsible for the development of all custom solutions for use by Hunt Mortgage Group (“HMG”). Primary responsibilities include development of core architectural components, design, creation, and maintenance of web- based 3-tier software solutions. Design and creation of intra-company and inter-company data interfaces. Writing and maintaining commercial real estate business and reporting logic, and acting as a liaison with the corporate technology group and a third party cloud provider to maintain a robust, performant application platform and oversight of other technical resources. _Essential Job Functions_ Assist the vice president and assume responsibility for the creation of Hunt Mortgage Group’s technical architectural components, including database, middleware, and user interface tiers, with particular focus on user interface and middleware. Participate in a multidisciplinary team with subject matter experts, designers, and other developers to design and build solutions using an agile framework. Design and create stable, secure data interfaces with intra- and inter-company resources. Work with other technical team members to design and create database structures and highly performant reporting logic constructs. Act as a liaison between HMG and Hunt corporate technology group to collaborate on synergistic opportunities. Act as a liaison between HMG and Hunt’s cloud provider to resolve any issues impacting Hunt’s application architecture. Work with contracted development resources. Performs other duties and projects as assigned. _Education_ BS degree or equivalent experience. _Experience and Qualifications_ Experience developing in Angular 5 or similar HTML5/Bootstrap/JavaScript user interface technology set Experience developing middleware using ASP.Net C Experience with Microsoft SQLServer, including query writing, performance tuning, and SS Integration Services Experience with Microsoft SQLServer Reporting Services or similar report writing architecture Experience with third party application suites a plus Knowledge of Commercial / Multifamily Mortgage Lending and Commercial Real Estate Finance a plus Strong problem-solving abilities Exceptional verbal and written communications skills Accuracy oriented with a sense of urgency and strong focus on customer service Strong interpersonal and organizational skills Ability to work independently and within a team. Demonstrated ability to succeed in an environment of uneven/cyclical workloads and tight deadlines _Other Skills_ Requires a self-motivated, team player who pays close attention to detail and who can prioritize in a fast-moving environment with excellent consulting, client management and business literacy skills. Effectively envision, develop, and implement new strategies to address competitive, complex business issues. Takes initiative to identify and anticipate client needs and make recommendations for implementation. ZRMG