About the position Huawei has become an industry leader in fixed and mobile networks. The future of networking is moving strongly towards a converged model for CT & IT technologies. In response to a growing demand from our customers, Huawei has started a research and development effort focus on providing a scalable, multi-tenant computing and communication infrastructure platform capable of serving the needs of CT & IT customers. Huawei Cloud Innovation team at Huawei USA R&D; center is looking for top engineers or architects to help designing, innovating and building our next generation cloud computing platform based on open source technologies. We want to build core platform for Edge Computing which will be used by many products and services. If you are passionate about cloud computing and open source technologies such as Cloud Foundry, Docker and Openstack, desire to lead architecture design, and resolve challenging technical problems, Huawei is a place you should consider for your next career move. You will be part of the larger software leadership community at Huawei. This community forms the backbone of the company, plays a critical role in the broad technology planning and strategy. This position represents a rare opportunity to get in on the ground floor within a fast growing business and help shape the technology, products and the industry. A successful candidate will bring deep technical and software expertise, and have the ability to work within a fast moving multi-national environment in a large company to rapidly deliver services that have a broad business impact. Responsibilities: This position will working closely with members from partner teams and teams in Seattle and in Huawei's HQ in China, he/she will be responsible for: Responsible for technical planning within 2 to 5 years, identify key technologies and related technologies or platform evolution, support business and product strategy formulation. These technologies are used to define the relevant service solutions of Huawei's public cloud network, so as to ensure the continuous competitiveness of l2-l7 layer network services, and guide the research and development strategies of the r&d; team. Build the end-to-end Huawei public cloud network infrastructure, including key services (l2-l7) and features, as well as operations and maintenance tools. Guide the design team and the r&d; team by participating in discussions, design reviews, technical presentations, or consultants Work with product and market strategic planning team to help product development of network services. Requirements & Qualifications A successful candidate for this position must have work experience from technology companies (preferred from large internet and cloud companies) and he/she will have many of the following skills and/or attributes to qualify for the job: Proficient in TCP/IP network technology, familiar with related technologies and open source components in the field of network virtualization, and have a deep understanding of Linux networking stack, openvswitch, Vxlan, OpenFlow, etc. Have clear views on the market and technology evolution of public cloud network services. Familiar with the network architecture of large Internet companies, and have a comprehensive and unique judgment on the current status and evolution of network technology. 8+ years experience in web design and development related to the product or service 3+ years experience in large-scale public cloud network service architecture design and successful practice experience Network virtualization (vxlan), network SDN, container, L4 - about the service (LB/NAT/GSLB/VPN/API Gateway) design and development experience is preferred