Palo Alto Networks® is the fastest-growing security company in history. We offer the chance to be part of an important mission: ending breaches and protecting our way of digital life. If you are a motivated, intelligent, creative, and hardworking individual, then this job is for you! The Global Customer Services team is looking for an experienced Director of Cloud Services to lead Palo Alto Networks’ growing support organization in the Cloud Security space. As a leader, you will be responsible for splitting your time between Customer Support and post-sales functions. You will be a thought leader in the Cloud and SaaS business, with the ability to guide both technical and business teams in covering customer demand. You should be able to communicate both up to management, as well as to your team, a vision and strategy for: Customer Support, Customer Success and Solutions Engineering. You should be comfortable presenting to customers in both reactive and proactive modes. You’ll know the difference between customers that require very little assistance and how to support them, to customers that engage your teams heavily. Your teams will support customers both in traditional support systems as well as in online communities. You also have a sense that the SaaS business is a recurring revenue model, which requires the ability to manage and measure the customer lifecycle and report their state up to the business. You understand not only Cybersecurity, but also the growing Cloud Security space. This is made up of not only your knowledge of the three main cloud providers: AWS, Azure and GCP, but also the DevOps and DevSecOps space. You’ll be a cross-organizational leader. Your success will depend on how you engage the various teams relevant to your business: Product, Engineering, DevOps and Sales. Qualifications : Experience working for a SaaS company ideally in the DevOps space in a customer-facing capacity Seasoned leader of multiple teams for at least 5 years at a Director or Sr. Manager level Experience in a direct customer facing role such as Customer Support, Solutions Architecture, Sales Engineering or Customer Success Skilled as a motivating leader with a successful track record of leading teams in a dynamically evolving environment. High-level of integrity, strong analysis and decision-making skills Experience with managing infrastructure in both traditional enterprise or cloud settings Working knowledge of at least one of the three main Cloud Providers: AWS, Azure or GCP Understanding of support systems and analytics Preferred experience in the security industry Preferred experience in a DevOps role Excellent organizational and communication skills Proven and successful track record building and scaling support operations in a fast-growing company. Ability to manage relationships with internal company, customer and business partner executives, and influence cross-functional teams Ability to understand and communicate highly complex technical issues Strong sense of urgency; exceptional verbal and written communication skills Learn more about Palo Alto Networks here and check out our fast facts