POSITION PURPOSE Works closely with our business partners and development resources to design and develop Business Intelligence (BI) solutions and analytics strategies. Provides business expertise in order to help bring insight to the analytic requirements and recommendations for solving complex business needs with BI reporting tools including, but not limited to, SAP Business Objects, Tableau and other analytic platforms. Builds a consultative partnership between the business areas and the Analytics and Data Warehouse organization and serve as the primary design leader for medium-to-large complex BI Solutions. Possesses significant business domain knowledge to provide the most complex reporting solutions using statistically valid methods to structure and display results. Facilitates design reviews with developers to communicate business requirements and collaboratively build efficient queries and present data for ease of use and maintainability. May be required to resolve complex support issues that are escalated from other analysts or business customer users and serve as a mentor to lesser experienced staff. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Knows, understands, incorporates and demonstrates the Trinity Health Mission, Vision and Values in leadership behaviors, practices and decisions. Leads BI requirements and development activities for new reports, dashboards, and tools including: Works with leadership to develop team member skills in the areas of data/business knowledge, reporting, querying, and analytics Provides expert data analysis and process automation knowledge to internal customers; Serves as an escalation point for issues that cannot be resolved. Leads business and technical projects, assignments, analysis and design. Creates work-plans and process flow requirements for development of new or improved business capabilities. Assists design and deliver end user training and education programs, with RHM and System Office business or process owners. Facilitates design reviews of reporting solutions developed by other members of the Data Warehouse and Analytics team. Generates complex standard or custom reports summarizing business, clinical or financial data for review by executives, managers, clients, and other stakeholders. Responsible for relationship management with key business stakeholders. Creates comprehensive test plans and test scripts. Executes and documents testing results for issues, enhancements, and new development. Reviews and signs off on testing results for the lower level BI Analysts. Leads discussions identifying areas for improvement and enhanced self-service for user tool development. Cultivates working relationships within the Data Warehouse and Analytics areas and with the business units that are positive, professional and collaborative. Interfaces with director and staff level positions. Documents business requirements for business intelligence or information technology reports, dashboards, or other outputs using graphical tools such as Visio, PowerPoint and work flow tools. Maintains a working knowledge of applicable Federal, State and local laws/regulations; the Trinity Health Integrity and Compliance Program and Code of Conduct; as well as other policies and procedures in order to ensure adherence in a manner that reflects honest, ethical and professional behavior. Performs other duties as assigned. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree in healthcare or information technology and a minimum of five (5) to seven (7) years' experience in healthcare and/or Information Technology or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Five (5) to seven (7) years' experience in informatics reporting and analysis and knowledge of e-quality measures for organizations such as The Joint Commission, CMS and AHRQ. Proficiency in supporting business customers in related decision making and proficiency with the tools needed to support their requests. (Business Objects, Crystal, SPSS, SQL Query). Ability to learn Epic's software and Certification will be required after training is complete. Minimum of five (5) years' experience or equivalent training/education in ad- hoc reporting and analysis, including: Significant experience with ad-hoc analysis and reporting tools (SAP Business Objects, Tableau, QlikView, etc.); Experience using statistical analysis tools such as SAS, SPSS or R, is preferred Support and creation of reports, scorecards, dashboards using these tools; Data warehouse concepts and querying including the ability to understand SQL and write moderately complex SQL queries, and Ability to optimize data, taking complex sets of data and managing them via filters, calculations, and visually compelling graphical user interface. Minimum of seven (7) years' experience using source system/transactional data. Preferably in the HealthCare vertical. Ability to effectively troubleshoot reporting and data issues across the multi-tier environment such as user interface, semantic layer and database. Ability to work in a self-directed environment and clearly communicate tasks to team members and the ability to follow up and oversee other colleagues. Experience leading business and technical projects, assignments and analysis. Familiarity with standard project management methods and processes. Excellent organization, analytical, interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills. Must possess the ability to work in teams. Must be comfortable operating in a collaborative, shared leadership environment. A personal presence which is characterized by a sense of honesty, integrity and caring with the ability to inspire and motivate others to promote the philosophy, mission, vision, goals and values of Trinity Health. Extensive informatics or information technology experience with responsibility in conducting analysis, research and process improvement. Excellent organization, analytical, interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills. Ability to collaborate effectively with a variety of different users and to work with clients on defining clear specifications for reports/dashboards/others. Experience with creating reports and other data visualization needs that align with user users' requirements preferred. Must be comfortable operating in a collaborative, shared leadership environment. A personal presence which is characterized by a sense of honesty, integrity and caring with the ability to inspire and motivate others to promote the philosophy, mission, vision, goals and values of Trinity Health Demonstrated transaction system and reporting/statistics tool experience. PHYSICAL AND MENTAL REQUIREMENTS AND WORKING CONDITIONS Operates in a typical office environment. The area is well lit, temperature- controlled and free from hazards. Incumbent communicates frequently, in person and over the telephone, with people in a number of different locations on technical issues. Manual dexterity is needed in order to operate a keyboard. Hearing is needed for extensive telephone and in person communications. Must be able to speak and communicate clearly and effectively. The environment in which the incumbent will work requires the ability to concentrate, meet deadlines, work on several projects at the same time and adapt to interruptions. Must be able to adapt to frequently changing work priorities and be able to prioritize and balance the requirements of working with the System Office and Regional Health Ministries (RHMs). Must be able to travel to various Trinity Health sites as needed. Workhours may include afterhours and weekends. May require participation in a rotating call schedule after implementations have begun.