At Affect Mental Health, we’re building a non-profit Y combinator (startup incubator) to build breakthrough products in mental healthcare. We need products that are as impactful as Facebook and Google in mental healthcare. Be a member of the founding team that grew from the Harvard and MIT communities with expertise including healthcare economics, user experience design, molecular neuroscience, and computational biology. As a Data Analyst Intern, you will help ensure that we remain a truly data-driven force across all pieces of the organization. You will be working hands-on with our founding team with access to top advisors from companies such as Google and Facebook as well as major VC firms. We're participating in the Harvard Venture Accelerator. As part of this team, you will learn how to be an entrepreneur. Two years ago, our advisor experienced the two most transformative months of his life participating in this program. He started with zero business experience and learned how to figure out what product to build, how to build it, and how to construct business models. At the end of the program, he raised $10M to start his company. By joining, you will gain these superpowers! Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram to see what we're up to! Responsibilities Work with UX team to design data collection process of user journeys Conduct exploratory analysis into various datasets (e.g. patient data) to identify trends Work with design and product teams and communicate analysis findings to inform product development Help build a mental health product that will have a huge impact based on our user journey research Requirements Deeply passionate about mental health High awareness of what needs to be learned and ability to learn FAST to GSD (Get Stuff Done) High level of integrity and rigor in analysis Can bootstrap projects from scratch- comfortable writing scripts to pull, store and query data. Proficiency in Python or R, as well as Excel. SQL a plus. Ability to story tell and visualize data coherently (d3, ggplot2, etc.) Relentless learner: you want to maximize your experience with us and learn as much as you can Nice-to-haves Insatiable curiosity around why products succeed and what delights users Data munging and mining is a thing you’ve done Have worked with open APIs before for data collection Thrives in cross-functional team settings with awesome communication skills Ability to distill complicated concepts to laypeople Appreciation of puns (: Our ambition is to build sustainable enterprises—unafraid of transforming traditional approaches—that tackle stigma, access, and quality of mental healthcare. Are you in? Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram to see what we're upto!