Responsibilities: Statistical programming and numerical analysis (70%): Clean and restructure large data sets using statistical software (e.g. Stata, SAS) Perform quantitative research and analysis in statistical and visualization software (e.g. Tableau) Create and maintain Excel tools for automated data analysis Provide technical assistance to programs serving individuals with HIV/AIDS or disabilities or those serving low-income families Other support (30%): Conduct web-based research on public programs Contribute to reports with quantitative and qualitative findings Assist in data collection and report production, including data entry and formatting Other activities as needed Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in the social sciences (with some coursework in statistics, economics, or mathematics) Prior paid work experience Excellent written and verbal English communication skills Strong quantitative and analytical skills Experience or coursework in statistics and/or statistical programming (e.g. R, SAS, Stata or SPSS) Experience with Word, Excel, and PowerPoint Demonstrated interest in serving marginalized communities Desirable Qualifications (any of the following): Familiarity with one or more of the following policy areas: health care delivery, long-term care, developmental disabilities, HIV/AIDS, or social services for children and youth Bilingual in Spanish, Cantonese, or Tagalog The position is ideal for someone seeking work experience prior to graduate school. This is a full-time position with benefits including medical, dental and vision insurance and company 401k contributions. Salary commensurate with experience. Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the U.S. on a full-time basis. Employment-based visa sponsorship (including H-1B sponsorship) is not available for this position. The position is available for immediate hire or for new graduates available early summer 2018. To apply, send targeted cover letter and resume to jobs[at]Mission-AG.com with the position name “Research Assistant 2018” in the subject line. Resumes without targeted cover letters will not be considered. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or national origin. Veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. If you are a person with a disability or a disabled Veteran and would like assistance with the employment process, feel free to contact us at vwheeler[at]mission-ag.com. Due to the large volume of applications, we will only contact individuals who may be considered for additional screening or possible interview.