At Mojio, we’re connecting the cars of today for the journeys of tomorrow. Backed by leading investors including Amazon and Deutsche Telekom, Mojio is driving the global adoption of its connected car technology via its growing portfolio of mobile network operator customers, including T-Mobile in the US, Austria and Czech Republic, Bell, Rogers and Telus in Canada, and Telekom Deutschland in Germany. With more than 7 billion miles worth of real-world driving data, we have created one of the largest and fastest-growing big data pools in the automotive industry. If you’re interested in joining us on our mission to give every vehicle a voice, apply now! The Opportunity You will work on the design and creation of high-thruput IoT and AI systems feeding the future of connected devices, including: Designing efficient data pipelines and placement using the latest technologies to house and processing 3+ petabytes of data and growing quickly that represents over 7 billion miles of driving Big data placement and processing frameworks Hot path data processing and it’s linking with offline data processing Representing the right data in the right format and layout for various use cases Scalable solutions for data storage and processing Connecting big data with leading edge neural network systems for AI training and deployment Understanding data analytics around the rides of users based on customer needs Support data processing that contributes to the growing use of anonymous data that can provide value to users and the larger ecosystem Support data from vehicles as well as other IoT devices Drive efficient and leading-edge solutions to create neural network derived insights from time-based data as well as video and image feeds Drive the strategic direction around big data and leading-edge AI/analytics Providing solution while maintaining privacy and security requirements. Who You Are Preferred Qualifications: Masters or PhD in Computer Science with preferably a focus on data science/AI Strong technical leadership skills across an organization Experience with big data processing for analytics and/or AI Experience with Azure or AWS cloud systems Experience with efficient processing of large data systems with technologies like Spark, Neural Networks, etc. Experience with IoT streaming data either time-series data or video feeds Other job requirements: Ability to work with a distributed team to creating great collaborative solutions An open mind to new opportunities and new solutions Good architectural knowledge to provide platform and efficient solutions rather than one-off snowflakes. Strong interest in connected car, autonomous and the future of transportation. Coding skills in one or more of: C/C++, C, Python, Java, R as well as higher level frameworks such as Spark, Storm, NoSQL, Hadoop/HBase, etc. Our Perks and Benefits Competitive salary and options package Excellent benefits (health, dental and vision) Cell phone plan with access to the latest smartphones Team outings to have fun with the rest of the team Our kitchen is always stocked with healthy (and some not-so-healthy) snacks Free Mojio for your car (obviously!) All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, or on the basis of disability. Posted positions are not open to third party recruiters/agencies and unsolicited resume submissions will be considered free referrals.