As a preeminent health sciences campus and health system, the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is at the forefront of creating new knowledge from the exploding volume of clinical, discovery, and education data that it creates and manages. UCSF believes that the ability to leverage these data assets is an important differentiator for an academic healthcare center and is critical to our drive toward Precision Medicine and the execution of key UCSF strategies for the Clinical Enterprise. These strategies include supporting better population health by improving the quality of care and population health of the University of California health system’s 14 million patients. As part of this exciting and important endeavor, UCSF is seeking a highly qualified Enterprise Data Architect. As the in-house technical expert for the Medical Center and Campus, the Enterprise Data Architect (EDA) will be responsible for developing and implementing an enterprise data strategy that aligns enterprise information assets with business and technology strategy. This will include documenting and rationalizing multiple data repositories and organizing them into a logically networked, highly-scaled, enterprise data warehouse (EDW) containing clinical, financial, operational, research and educational data. The EDA will enable the efficient and actionable use of a data across the UCSF Enterprise and across the UC health system 14 million patients. As subject matter expert, drive precise project execution through consistent planning and communication. The Enterprise Data Architect will work with EDW and Analytics management, data governance staff, primary and secondary data owners, and BI and data management professionals to: Define and implement a data strategy and roadmap for UCSF Define policies and establish standards for modeling, structuring, naming, describing, securing and formatting data Define and document the data architecture for enterprise data assets, working with business and IT stakeholders throughout the enterprise Develop conceptual, logical and physical data models with associated metadata including data lineage and technical data definitions Undertake data modeling, sourcing and profiling in support of specific enterprise and customer-facing data-driven initiatives Design and implement data warehouses, marts, cubes and universes to support analytic work product requirements Lead efforts to implement a reference data and master data management plan Build a centralized data-architecture practice in support of strategic business and IT goals Supervise, hire, train, counsel staff. Develop and deliver performance appraisals The Enterprise Data Architect will stay abreast of current and emerging data management technologies and trends and advise on how they can be used to support business and technology objectives. The Enterprise Data Architect will create a framework in information assets for multiple business domains can be delivered in a consistent, standards-based framework. The successful candidate will have leadership skills, be customer focused and have extensive experience in developing enterprise data architecture solutions. Required Qualifications Five years experience as a Data Architect or Data Modeler in the healthcare or related industry Expertise in the fields of data quality, data profiling, data security, Master Data concepts, and data migration Demonstrated expertise with data modeling (relational, multi-dimensional, columnar, etc.), architecture and documentation software and tools such as ERwin and ERStudio Broad, working knowledge of MS SQL, Oracle, and other DB systems Working knowledge of information security best practices and demonstrated commitment to information security Strong leadership, interpersonal, influencing, collaboration and negotiation skills Ability to communicate with high proficiency, both verbally and in writing, with all levels of management and staff, in both technical language and layman’s terms Ability to work independently with minimum supervision Able to prioritize effectively according to department needs, and ability to organize a large number of changing variables Ability to assess and solve complex technical problems Experience in developing technical staff The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations Preferred Qualifications Eight years as a data architect or data modeler Master’s degree in Computer Science or Information Systems Experience with IBM InfoSphere Experience with Big Data and Hadoop technology Experience with Epic Clarity and Cogito Experience with financial, operational, HR, payroll and research data Experience in big data platforms Licensure/Certification N/A Living Pride Standards Service Excellence Demonstrates service excellence by following the Everyday PRIDE Guide with the UCSF Medical Center standards and expectations for communication and behavior. These standards and expectations convey specific behavior associated with the Medical Center’s values: Professionalism, Respect, Integrity, Diversity and Excellence, and provide guidance on how we communicate with patients, visitors, faculty, staff, and students, virtually everyone, every day and with every encounter. These standards include, but are not limited to: personal appearance, acknowledging and greeting all patients and families, introductions using AIDET, managing up, service recovery, managing delays and expectations, phone standards, electronic communication, team work, cultural sensitivity and competency. Uses effective communication skills with patients and staff; demonstrates proper telephone techniques and etiquette; acts as an escort to any patient or family member needing directions; shows sensitivity to differences of culture; demonstrates a positive and supportive manner in which patients / families/ colleagues perceive interactions as positive and supportive. Exhibits team work skills to positively acknowledge and recognize other colleagues, and uses personal experiences to model and teach Living PRIDE standards. Exhibits tact and professionalism in difficult situations according to PRIDE Values and Practices Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to privacy, confidentiality, and security policies and procedures related to Protected Health Information (PHI) or other sensitive and personal information. Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to safety and infection control policies and procedures. Assumes accountability for improving quality metrics associated with department/unit and meeting organizational/departmental targets. Work Environment Keeps working areas neat, orderly and clutter-free, including the hallways. Adheres to cleaning processes and puts things back where they belong. Removes and reports broken equipment and furniture. Picks up and disposes of any litter found throughout entire facility. Posts flyers and posters in designated areas only; does not post on walls, doors or windows. Knows where the Environment of Care Manual is kept in department; corrects or reports unsafe conditions to the appropriate departments. Protects the physical environment and equipment from damage and theft. The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations is required. Equal Employment Opportunity The University of California San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. Further information about the University of California, San Francisco, is available at diversity.ucsf.edu. UCSF seeks candidates whose skills, and personal and professional experience, have prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and excellence, and the communities we serve. LI-VL1