Starting Rate is $18.50/hour What does a Best Buy General Warehouse Worker do? As a General Warehouse Worker, you will facilitate moving product throughout the distribution center through use of equipment in areas such as Receiving, Stocking, Shipping, Non-Con, Order Processing and Replenishment. Your responsibilities will include operating equipment in a safe manner, while making sure that you are maintaining a safe and clean working area and ensuring that our product is in perfect condition to sell to our customers. The responsibilities listed below are encompassing of a General Warehouse Worker but may vary by departmental assignment Essential Functions Unload and process receipt of merchandise from inbound trucks Stocks merchandise that has been received into specific designated locations Process all orders by locating specified product and moving product to the loading dock Packs smaller products into larger containers for shipment to stores Loads merchandise onto trucks for shipment to company locations Maintains a clean work area by removing empty pallets, sweeping and cleaning up boxes and other debris. Must be able to pass all applicable certification and driving requirements to become licensed for operating equipment in the RDC Non-essential Functions Perform other duties as apparent or assigned What are the professional requirements of a General Warehouse Worker? Basic Qualifications: Able to individually lift and maneuver 40 lbs frequently and repetitively (up to a maximum of 75 lbs; with or without reasonable accommodation) Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or Equivalent What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.