Summary : The San Jose Sharks are looking for ambitious, professional, self-motivated individuals who will be responsible for selling full season, partial, single game suite, and group ticket packages. The Inside Sales Consultant will act as a starting ground for an opportunity to move into a senior level sales position. This is a non-exempt full time position with benefits. The San Jose Sharks leadership team consists of top level executives formerly from NBA, NHL and MLB teams, to blaze new trails not yet seen in the NHL. The Sharks Inside Sales Program is being built on a strong foundation of learning the fundamentals, studying sales philosophy, and consistent practice. Graduates from this program will be well positioned for success in more senior level sales positions in sports. Emphasis at the Sharks is placed on promotion from within, with those possessing strong work ethic and positive attitudes sure to grow within the system. If you are looking for a competitive environment and to join on with a team poised to make some waves in sports, this is the place for you. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Make high volume of outbound calls to Sharks database with a goal of developing relationships to sell ticket packages. Strong communication skills. Positive attitude with openness to receiving coaching. Highly motivated with a passion for sales. Organizational and time management skills a must. Desire to learn and study sales to make it a career. Professional appearance and conduct. Ability to work in a structured, disciplined, cooperative and competitive environment. Prior cold calling experience is not required. Required Qualifications: Exhibit good judgment and decision-making skills, as well as ability to manage your own time and implement your own schedule. Strong organizational skills, time management skills and attention to detail required. Ability to meet tight deadlines and work well under pressure. This job will require availability to work shifts outside of typical business hours. With advance notice, you may be scheduled to work evenings, weekends, and holidays. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.