Infoblox is seeking a Senior Security Analyst to join our IT team in Tacoma WA. The Senior Security Analyst is responsible for operating the company’s information security systems ensuring that all procedures are followed and helping to develop and define procedural improvements. This position provides guidance and support for the systems used to secure company information assets. The Information Security Analyst reports to the Director of Cybersecurity who is located in our Santa Clara office. In this high visibility role the successful Senior Security Analyst will design, implement and maintain best in class computer and information security systems and controls. Additionally, they will effectively monitor networks to detect any suspicious or hostile activities and take measures to defend against malicious attacks on the systems. They will also help identify risks from new vendors or products and the existing infrastructure, conduct security audits, identify & coordinate internal security measures, and liaise to external parties on IT security-related inquiries. Responsibilities: Respond to issues assigned to the security team through a ticketing system while maintaining SLAs Implement and manage the policies, procedures, training, and systems required to maintain overall security objectives Effectively document policies and procedures in the use of security tools for the training of entry to intermediate level technical resources Monitor system tools and alerts watching for vulnerabilities, including user access, application configuration, operating system and external web integrity while providing reports as needed Perform periodic system audits of security systems remediating any gaps found in the expected performance of the systems Maintain and enforce our Security posture in daily activities Maintain the health of security systems and agents Manage and operate security solutions (SEIM, IPS, AV, NG Firewalls, Web Proxy, etc) Analyze security breaches to determine their root cause Recommend and install appropriate tools and countermeasures Define, implement and maintain corporate security policies Coordinate security plans with outside vendors Requirements: Minimum of 2-5 years of _corporate_ __ experience in Information Security Excellent report writing and communication skills Proven ability to work well independently or with a team Experience with vulnerability and risk assessment as well as security assessments of network infrastructure, hosts and applications Ability to troubleshooting complex technical issues and recognize the root cause of a problem Familiar with common security technologies including SEIM, DLP, AV, VPN, Firewalls, etc Familiar with security frameworks such as NIST or ISO27001 Familiar with Cloud computing and inherent risks or benefits Experience with Windows, UNIX and Linux operating systems Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related information technology discipline It’s an exciting time to be at Infoblox. We are the market leader in technology for network control. Our success depends on bright, energetic, talented people who share a passion for excellence in building the next generation of networking technologies—and having fun along the way. Infoblox offers a fast-paced, action-oriented environment. We promote a culture that embraces innovation, change, teamwork, and strong partnerships. Join the winning Infoblox team—our future looks bright, and so will yours. To check out what it’s like to be a Bloxer click here .