Requisition ID: ENG004055 Merck & Co., Inc. Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. known as Merck in the United States and Canada, is a global health care leader with a diversified portfolio of prescription medicines, vaccines and animal health products. The difference between potential and achievement lies in the spark that fuels innovation and inventiveness; this is the space where Merck has codified its legacy for over a century. Merck’s success is backed by ethical integrity, forward momentum, and an inspiring mission to achieve new milestones in global healthcare. Merck Manufacturing Division, MMD, is a team of dedicated, energetic individuals who are committed to being the most trusted supplier of pharmaceuticals and health products worldwide. Our facilities, along with our external contractors, suppliers, and partners, comprise an interdependent global manufacturing network that’s committed to delivering a compliant, reliable supply to customers and patients on time, every time, across the globe. The Associate Director, West Point Technical Operations is responsible for providing technical support to West Point Packaging within Technical Operations. Responsibilities include: implementing continuous improvement projects, development, procurement, and qualification of new equipment, and leading technically complex projects in the packaging space (serialization). The Associate Director will work as an individual contributor, team or project lead. Supports, executes, and/or leads continuous improvement projects that increase compliance, simplify/standardize and/or gain efficiencies. Examines complex issues from diverse perspectives (safety, compliance, automation, equipment, process, and people) in order to best understand and resolve the root cause. Provides advanced technical support to manufacturing for complex problems and issues including process/equipment. Designs, conducts, and/or reviews and approves experimental protocols as needed using the Technical Operations lab facilities and/or production equipment at full scale. Authors, updates, and/or reviews and approves technical and manufacturing documents necessary for engineering studies, change control. Supports regulatory inspection activities for the facility Provides on-the-floor support of complex operational and technical (process/equipment) issues. Completes and/or leads capital projects and technically complex projects such as new equipment installation, serialization, and Line Management System upgrades/improvements. Completes and/or leads projects to improve the performance of our processes, including investigation Corrective/Preventative Actions (CAPAs), projects aimed at improving Right-First-Time performance or preventing/reducing deviations, and value capture projects that seek to improve yield/efficiency, reduce cost, or lower our processing cycle times. Supports team safety, environmental, and compliance objectives. Manages project and investigation timelines to ensure key compliance and customer due dates are met; escalates any potential delays and develop remediation plans when possible. Collaborates effectively with the area Coaches, Operators/Mechanics, support groups, Quality, Planning, project teams, and external component and equipment vendors. Qualifications Education Minimum Requirement: B.S. Degree in Engineering or other equivalent technical field Required Experience and Skills: Minimum seven (7) years’ post-bachelor’s degree experience in a GMP functional area or support of a GMP functional area, such as Operations, Technical Operations, Technology, Engineering, and/or Maintenance Experience in change control and/or equipment support and/or project support role. Highly developed communication, leadership and teamwork skills. Ability to manage projects/work to schedule/deadlines. Preferred Experience and Skills: Change Control author/reviewer Experience in Secondary Packaging Project Management Experience Capital Project Experience Project Matrix Management Experience Your role at Merck is integral to helping the world meet new breakthroughs that affect generations to come, and we’re counting on your skills and inventiveness to help make meaningful contributions to global medical advancement. At Merck, we’re inventing for life. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to staffingaadar@merck.com. Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully: Merck & Co., Inc. is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Merck via email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of Merck. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Merck as a result of the referral or through other means. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. For more information about personal rights under Equal Employment Opportunity, visit: EEOC Poster EEOC GINA Supplement Job: Engineering Generic Other Locations: Employee Status: Regular Travel: Number of Openings: 1 Shift (if applicable): 1st Hazardous Materials: No Company Trade Name: Merck