We are looking for a mid-level UX Designer focused on information architecture, data display and dashboard design to join the User Experience team at HeartFlow. This individual will collaborate closely with product owners, user researchers and engineers to define the customer-facing touchpoints of our coronary CT angiography products. In this role, the UX Designer will work collaboratively to create user flows, journey maps, wireframes, site maps, and functional prototypes. In a healthcare industry ripe with opportunities for embracing user-centered design practices, we need your expertise to keep HeartFlow at the front. Job Responsibilities: Design solutions for the complex needs of cardiologists and radiologists Participate as a member of a cross-functional team responsible for summarizing and delivering coronary CT angiography analyses to clinicians in a simple, easy to interpret form Interpret business requirements, customer feedback, and research outputs such as personas, user stories and usability findings into effective UI designs. Present design artifacts and thoroughly communicate design intent and motivation to achieve stakeholder buy-in Develop and maintain detailed user-interface specifications Constantly seek to understand, empathize with and represent the needs of the end-user Skills Needed: Strong desire to operate in the medical arena and understand the clinical needs and applications of physicians Usability sensibilities as they relate to an intuitive, digital experience Ability to look at a problem from multiple angles before settling on one solution Ability to work across multiple design disciplines, specifically visual and interaction design and usability testing Strong communication skills and ability to perform within a cross-functional team environment The ability to execute designs that meet brand guidelines and other internal design systems with precision Ability to self-start and work in a fast-paced, sometimes ambiguous problem-solving environment Experience with Sketch, InVision, Adobe CC Educational Requirements & Work Experience: Bachelor’s degree in Design, Human Factors, HCI, Psychology, CS, or a related field. 3+ years professional experience working as designer of digital products. A portfolio demonstrating relevant design experience is required. About HeartFlow, Inc. HeartFlow, Inc. is a medical technology company redefining the way heart disease is diagnosed and treated. Our non-invasive HeartFlow FFRct Analysis leverages deep learning to create a personalized 3D model of the heart. By using this model, clinicians can better evaluate the impact a blockage has on blood flow and determine the best treatment for patients. Our technology is reflective of our Silicon Valley roots and incorporates decades of scientific evidence with the latest advances in artificial intelligence. The HeartFlow FFRct Analysis is commercially available in the United States, Canada, Europe and Japan. For more information, visit www.heartflow.com. HeartFlow, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This company does not and will not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race, sex, age, handicap, religion, national origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Hiring, transferring and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above listed items. Positions posted for HeartFlow are not intended for or open to third party recruiters / agencies. Submission of any unsolicited resumes for these positions will be considered to be free referrals.