Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the world's best entertainment and online experiences. As a Fortune 50 leader, we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines. We are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace, thanks to our remarkable people, who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day. If you share in our passion for teamwork, our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology, we want you to fast-forward your career at Comcast. Job Summary: Responsible for analyzing and evaluating operational performance metricsand resources. Maps metrics against the Company's operational plans andtactical/strategic goals to ensure alignment and focus. Creates andfacilitates reporting and analysis to evaluate operational initiativesand drive operational efficiencies. Develops and maintains standardreporting measures, quantitative explanation of relevant data, andongoing analysis of alternatives and solutions. Quantitatively evaluatesand recommends action plans, based on all operational reporting andanalysis, in order to enhance the customer experience and driveoperational efficiencies. May provide financial reporting, revenueanalysis support, discount monitoring, promotional modeling, andsubscriber reporting issue resolution to various departments within thecompany. May act as a subject matter expert for all HRIS relatedinquiries and projects. Has in-depth experience, knowledge and skillsin own discipline. Acts as resource for colleagues with less experienceor knowledge in subject matter.Employees at all levels are expect to: - Understand our Operating Principles; make them the guidelines for howyou do your job- Own the customer experience-think and act in ways that put ourcustomers first, give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint,and make them promoters of our products and services- Know your stuff-be enthusiastic learners, users and advocates of ourgame-changing technology, products and services, especially our digitaltools and experiences- Win as a team-make big things happen by working together and beingopen to new ideas- Be an active part of the Net Promoter System-a way of working thatbrings more employee and customer feedback into the company-by joininghuddles, making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to dobetter for our customers- Drive results and growth- Respect and promote inclusion and diversity- Do what's right for each other, our customers, investors and ourcommunitiesCore Responsibilities: - Provides weekly, monthly, and annual reports. Provides special reportsand analyses to support the business as necessary.- Supports efforts to maintain accurate master data. Extracts data andprovides analysis of master and transactional data.- Conduct regular audits to ensure data integrity.- Identifies issues, analyzes available data and information, andrecommends changes to management.- Creates and maintains multiple operational reporting tools.- Provides analytical support of actual results against budget andfeasibility of proposed business strategies.- Consolidates data reports and delivers to help drive data-basedstrategic decision making.- Provides analysis prior to and following any recommended changes.- May create and maintain compliance reports that identify discrepancieswithin the Company's billing systems.- May conduct regular HRIS maintenance and audits to ensure the qualityof data integrity.- May ensure that all employee records in the HRIS databases areaccurately updated in a timely fashion.- Provides user feedback to management and helps influence futuresystems enhancements.- May provide guidance and direction on complex HRIS transactions.- Ensures accuracy of data through partnerships with team members.Provides day-to-day validation and spot checks.- May prepare reports to be used by other departments to correct billingissues.- Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.- Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in mattersof significance.- Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to worknights and weekends, variable schedule(s) as necessary.Job Specification: - Bachelors Degree or Equivalent--- Generally requires 5-7 years related experience Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer