Job Description At Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers’ expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers’ financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members. Role Overview: Enterprise Core Services Group Enterprise Core Services (ECS) was recently formed to be one of the foundational horizontal organizations within Enterprise Information Technology (EIT) / Enterprise Chief Information Office (ECIO) in addition to Enterprise Platform Services and Enterprise Architecture. The primary mission for core services is the delivery of technology solutions with sustainable compliance, efficiency and innovation across the bank. As ECS moves forward the big opportunity is to create common solutions and services that are measurable and that the entire Wells Fargo enterprise can take advantage of to simplify, modernize and transform. Customer Enablement and Business Automation Team The ECS Customer Enablement and Business Automation Team (CEBAT) is responsible for providing foundational and strategic customer enablement and business automation services and capabilities to technology, business and operations teams across Wells Fargo, integrating seamlessly with the firm’s strategic data and analytics ecosystem. Artificial Intelligence Enterprise Solutions Technology Team The Artificial Intelligence Enterprise Solutions (AEIS) Technology Team enables the Enterprise to leverage the full capabilities of Artificial Intelligence to deliver insightful and personalized experiences for customers and team members, drive greater operational efficiency, while reducing risk and expenses and driving revenue. The focus is to develop and implement a foundational AI strategy for the Enterprise. Provide products and services to customer and business use case needs to be met, allowing our users to optimize how work is done through the leveraging of Artificial Intelligence capabilities. AI Technology plays a critical role in enabling our business partners through innovative technology solutions. The Team organizational model is designed to more effectively manage our portfolio of applications, govern enterprise IT, manage risk, simplify our technology offerings, and execute on our business partners’ priorities with enhanced time to market. The Role The Artificial Intelligence Enterprise Solutions (AIES) group was formed in early 2017 with the mandate to enable the enterprise to leverage the full capabilities of Artificial Technology (AI), Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Machine Leaning (ML) technology for delivering insightful and personalized experiences for customers and team members, driving innovation, greater operational efficiency, and better managing risk. The AI Technology team is creating a unified enterprise Machine Learning (ML) Platform that will enable end to end solution for other business lines to build and deploy their ML models and is responsible for supporting Data Science activities across the enterprise. The AI Technology Team primary challenge is to get the Platform to a mature state and operationalized at an industrial scale for the firm in compliance with all relevant corporate technology, data and model operations policies and processes. This is an opportunity to join a start-up within a large organization. Be flexible and adaptable – this is an evolving space, we’re going to learn, things will change. Be curious and creative – help us find solutions and chart the course. Be action-oriented – we need to roll up our sleeves, work hard, and get a lot done. Need to be willing to act as an individual contributor or as a “hands-on doer” technology leader. Job Description: EIT AI Platform team is looking for a highly motivated and experienced middleware administrator with strong Linux experience. The right candidate will have expert level experience in Linux and have exposure to Python or R package management experience. The role will require the candidate to manage large Linux server farms related to AI platform. The individual will be responsible for post-production support of the Platform. Responsibilities : Install/configure Apache /Hadoop Spark and administer the Spark setup. Manage Elastic Search installation. Install python packages and manage the python environment Development of Linux shell scripting and development of automation Coordinating with Hadoop team to install necessary software for machine learning Post production support of the ML Platform Work with users to coordinate the access to environments Work with business and technical leaders, sponsors, and analysts on problem understanding, requirements and architecture discovery, analyze complex business requirements, data analysis and modeling, designs and writes functional and technical specifications Required Qualifications 10+ years of application development and implementation experience Desired Qualifications Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills SDLC (System Development Life Cycle) experience Ability to work effectively in virtual environment where key team members and partners are in various time zones and locations Knowledge and understanding of project management methodologies: used in waterfall or Agile development projects Experience with Spark, Hive and Kafka Python experience Knowledge and understanding of Hadoop Other Desired Qualifications Hands on expertise in Linux commands and should be an expert in Linux environment Job Expectations Ability to work on call as assigned Ability to work nights, weekends, and/or holidays as needed or scheduled Street Address MN-Shoreview: 1801 Parkview Dr - Shoreview, MN AZ-Chandler: 2600 S Price Rd - Chandler, AZ AZ-Chandler: 2700 S Price Rd - Chandler, AZ AZ-PHX-Northwest Phoenix: 2222 W Rose Garden Ln - Phoenix, AZ IA-West Des Moines: 7001 Westown Pkwy - West Des Moines, IA IA-West Des Moines: 800 S Jordan Creek Pkwy - West Des Moines, IA MN-Minneapolis: 255 2nd Ave S - Minneapolis, MN NC-Charlotte: 401 S Tryon St - Charlotte, NC NC-Charlotte: 1525 W Wt Harris Blvd - Charlotte, NC NC-Winston Salem: 809 W 4 1/2 St - Winston Salem, NC Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.