Senior Data and Business Analyst Santa Clara, CA This position reports to: Director, Operational Analytics ServiceNow is changing the way people work. With a service-orientation toward the activities, tasks and processes that make up day-to-day work life, we help the modern enterprise operate faster and be more scalable than ever before. We’re disruptive. We work hard but try not to take ourselves too seriously. We are highly adaptable and constantly evolving. We are passionate about our product, and we live for our customers. We have high expectations and a career at ServiceNow means challenging yourself to always be better. We are looking for an experienced Data and Business Analyst to join our Operational Analytics team. The Analyst is mainly responsible for analyzing KPIs, reviewing business processes from end-to-end to identify and address operational risks, identify opportunities for improved data quality and efficiency, and become the company’s data expert – understanding relationships between tables and systems. They should have strong communication skills and an ability to understand and present complex analysis to all levels. Responsibilities will include activities from leading small to mid-size projects as well as working cross functionally assisting other project managers on larger, more complex projects. We have a tight team environment where support, loyalty, and honest feedback are the currency. ServiceNow employees are expected to be self-starting, proactive, and able to thrive in a fast-paced environment. Role: We are looking for talented individuals with a strategic viewpoint who are able to grow and adapt along with our fast-paced business. You have to be passionate about working with data, be energized by business leaders gaining insight from your reporting and analysis, and be detail-oriented. Our Business and Data Analysts are responsible for applying a breadth of data extraction, data cleansing, and analytic techniques to answer a wide range of business questions and drive operational improvements. They are effective communicators capable of independently driving issues to resolution and communicating insights to a range of audiences. Responsibilities will include supporting ServiceNow internal operational groups such as Product Development, Engineering and Customer Support. What you get to do in this role: Develop actionable insights from analysis to make recommendations on key business strategies Build advanced analytical models to support Operations and Engineering initiatives Work with Product Owners and Developers to drive appropriate system enhancements for reporting purposes within the ServiceNow Platform Create and Analyze KPIs and metrics Create or Improve and Implement business processes and operational policies to support our Cloud business Learn and become and SME using our internal analytics tool (Performance Analytics) In order to be successful in this role, we need someone who is/has: 7+ years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, with a degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field, and is familiar with the following software/tools: Ability ServiceNow data architecture and navigate through tables and fields for reporting purposes IT or Computer Science background and an understanding of relational databases is a must Advanced Excel skills with visual basic scripting Complex modeling and data visualization skills (e.g., Tableau) Proficient in Tableau and SQL is a must Knowledgeable in SAP HANA is a plus Experienced in HTML and JavaScript Strong analytical skills, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into models and operational requirements Thrives on responsibility and lives for the next big challenge Keen attention to detail and the ability to multi task in a self-managed environment Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) A team player and collaborative worker with a positive attitude We provide competitive compensation, generous benefits and a professional atmosphere. This is a very collaborative and inclusive work environment where individuals strong on aptitude and attitude will have an opportunity to grow their professional careers through working with some of the most advanced technology and talented developers in the business.