Overview / Responsibilities Wood Environment & Infrastructure Solutions currently has an opportunity available for an Electrical Power Monitoring System (EPMS) Field Engineer to support projects at data centers in the Quincy, WA and Cheyenne, WY areas. The EPMS field engineer will be responsible for the hardware setup, testing and communication setup for the newly added electrical equipment to the existing datacenter sites. Projects include adding new hardware to existing sites, containers or retrofit projects where new electrical equipment will be installed on existing datacenters. The EPMS field engineer will update the existing EPMS system to include new graphics and database for the new devices. The primary EPMS software used are Eaton Foreseer, Siemens WinPM, and the Schneider Electric Power Scada Experts. The EPMS field engineer will setup the communication settings to the new EPMS hardware, add the new EPMS devices to the existing EPMS system and update the graphics on the primary and secondary servers. Lastly, the EPMS field engineer will complete the startup and commissioning of the newly installed electrical equipment and setup within the EPMS system. Skills / Qualifications 5+ years of experience with EPMS/SCADA field implementation and support (data center experience preferred) Experience with SCADA instrumentation field setup, testing, and commissioning Extensive knowledge in troubleshooting communication issues and setting up EPMS devices Experience with HMI development in EPMSs like Schneider PSE, Eaton foreseer, etc. Familiar critical facility networking and support Expert in EPMS device set-up and SCADA implementation (preferred) Experience with BACnet, Modbus, OPC UA, and/or SNMP communication protocols (preferred) Company Overview Wood is a global leader in the delivery of project, engineering and technical services to energy and industrial markets. We operate in more than 60 countries, employing around 55,000 people, with revenues of around $10 billion. We provide performance driven solutions throughout the asset life cycle, from concept to decommissioning across a broad range of industrial markets including the upstream, midstream and downstream oil & gas, power & process, environment and infrastructure, clean energy, mining, nuclear and general industrial sectors. We strive to be the best technical services company to work with, work for and invest in. www.woodplc.com Diversity Statement We are an equal opportunity employer that recognises the value of a diverse workforce. All suitably qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment on the basis of objective criteria and without regard to the following (which is a non-exhaustive list): race, colour, age, religion, gender, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or other characteristics in accordance with the relevant governing laws.