This position serves as a Technical Administrator for hardware, software, operating systems, network management, and is a member of the Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital (ZSFG) infrastructure team reporting to the Computing & Network Services (CNS) Manager. Work may involve UCSF Information Technology (IT) central, departmental IT, or Department of Public Health (DPH) computer systems and networks. The Technical Administrator applies skills as a seasoned, experienced systems infrastructure professional evaluating, implementing, testing, and delivering technical solutions that meet the IT infrastructure needs for the ZSFG campus and support the delivery of the new DPH enterprise electronic medical record (EHR) system. The individual will work with the manager and other engineers to support server, storage and network infrastructure systems. This position will manage new projects, assist in implementing new technical solutions, and provide ongoing operations support. This position will also be responsible for documenting systems and, as required, train other IT staff in new operations or procedures. The Technical Administrator will also provide troubleshooting support for other department IT and DPH staff. Involves serving as the technical administrator for hardware, operating systems, and network management. Plans and coordinates the installation, configuration, and testing of hardware and software components. Selects methods and techniques to obtain solutions. Evaluates new technologies including performing simple to moderate cost / benefit analyses. OFFICE OF THE DEAN / ZSFG / MEDICINE The Office of the Dean has overall academic and administrative responsibility for the academic departments, organized research units and interdisciplinary centers that make up the School of Medicine (SOM). In addition to these responsibilities the Vice Dean’s Office at Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital and Trauma Center (ZFGH) manages the contract with the City and County of San Francisco Department of Public Health (DPH) to provided medical and other essential services at ZSFG. As part of the ZSFG Vice Dean’s Office, Computing & Network Services (CNS) provides information technology support for the SOM missions, DPH systems used by SOM personnel, and for the Dean’s Office as a functioning department. CNS provides services for the Dean’s Office operating units and San Francisco General Hospital (ZSFG) departments, including: Anesthesia, AIDS Research Institute, Biomedical Engineering, Clinical Laboratories, CPG Billing, Dermatology, Drug Research Unit, Emergency Medicine, Family and Community Medicine, Medicine, Neurology, Neurosurgery, Obstetrics, Gynecology & Reproductive Science (OB/GYN & RS), Ophthalmology, Orthopedic Surgery, Pathology, Pediatrics, Radiology, Surgery, and Urology. CNS services focus on the unique needs of the ZSFG campus, include providing networking infrastructure, virtual server/desktop hosting, database hosting, data backup/recovery, website and application hosting, project management, information architecture, IT security & policy consulting, tier 3 desktop support troubleshooting, and project management assistance to UCSF departments at ZSFG and the DPH. CNS supports shared resources to approximately 1,900 users with a similar number of users benefiting from shared server infrastructure. The CNS Unit focuses on meeting the computing and network support needs for the 3000+ University academic, research, and administrative personnel working within the unique joint UCSF / DPH environment at ZSFG. ABOUT UCSF The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences.