FILING START DATE: Filing will begin on Tuesday, August 14, 2018 at 7:00 a.m. (PST) and will be suspended after the first 100 online applications are received or on Thursday, August 30, 2018 at 5:30 p.m. (PST), whichever occurs first. EXAM NUMBER: W4036A TYPE OF RECRUITMENT: Open Competitive Job Opportunity DEFINITION: Supervises a section engaged in the coordination and preparation of studies and development of program requirements, architectural designs and reviews for all phases of construction document preparation, for architectural, landscape architectural, and engineering projects. CLASSIFICATION STANDARDS: Positions allocable to this class have immediate responsibility for a group of architects, lower level architectural and technical support personnel engaged in the design and plan preparation of all phases of construction and alteration projects utilizing the Computer-Aided Design and Drafting (CADD) System. This responsibility includes the development of program requirements, architectural designs and the review and approval of working drawings, specifications and cost estimates and construction observation. Essential Job Functions Plans, assigns, reviews and evaluates architectural work of a section. Supervises the development and preparation of architectural, landscape architectural and engineering projects, technical specifications, budgets and construction cost estimates. Supervises the development and implementation of architectural standards and procedures for the construction of County buildings to ensure their completion on schedule, within budget, and conformance with County architectural standards. Reviews and coordinates the work of units within the division or department, resolving project design conflicts, design review problems, and budget and work scheduling problems to ensure that projects are completed on schedule; communicates resolution of conflicts and problems to departmental representatives and project managers. Supervises and participates in the conduct of field investigations to obtain data, measurements and information needed to draft or design details for alteration or new construction projects. Attends conferences involving department heads, other County officials, or contract architects to resolve problems. Supervises the preparation and updating of the Architect and Engineers manual for use by contract architects. Prepares architectural computer aided design presentations, architectural renderings and free hand sketches. Provides the supervision of project and construction management services in connection with build-out of leased facilities for use by County departments. Establishs and maintains effective working relationships with public agencies and building industry representatives, architects, civil and structural engineers, contractors, urban planners and environmental specialists. Requirements MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Three years experience as a certified Architect, one year of which must have been in a supervisory capacity. LICENSE(S): A valid California Class C Driver License is required to perform job-related essential functions. Successful applicants for positions that require driving must obtain and present a copy of his/her driving record from the California State Department of Motor Vehicles before final appointment. Applicants should not present a copy of their driving history until asked to do so by the hiring department. The County will make an individualized assessment of whether an applicant's driving history has a direct or adverse relationship with the specific duties of the job. License must not be currently suspended, restricted, or revoked. A California certificate to practice architecture. PHYSICAL CLASS: Physical Class II - Light: Involves light physical effort which may include occasional light lifting to a 10-pound limit, and some bending, stooping or squatting. Considerable walking may be involved. SPECIAL REQUIREMENT INFORMATION: Applicants MUST submit a copy of their valid California State Certificate to practice Architecture with the application or within fifteen (15) calendar days from filing. DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS: Knowledge of standards, codes, and regulations related to architectural design as required by the Los Angeles Municipal Code (Chapter IX Article I Building Regulations), California Building Standards Code (Title 24), and the Americans with Disabilities Act sufficient to design safe, functional, and aesthetically appealing structures including airport terminals, fire stations, police stations, office and public buildings, power distributing stations, bridges, retaining walls, water treatment plants, warehouses, and wharves. Knowledge of structural, electrical, and mechanical engineering principles as they relate to architectural design, such as concrete and steel foundation analysis, distribution and requirements of power, and heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) systems sufficient to design structures in conformance with such principles. Experience working extensively with AutoCad. Additional Information IMPORTANT NOTES: Please note that ALL information included in the application materials is subject to VERIFICATION at any point during the examination and hiring process, including after an appointment has been made. FALSIFICATION of any information may result in DISQUALIFICATION. Utilizing VERBIAGE from Class Specification and Selection Requirements serving as your description of duties WILL NOT be sufficient to meet the requirements. Doing so may result in an INCOMPLETE APPLICATION and you may be DISQUALIFIED. EXAMINATION CONTENT: This examination will consist of an interview covering education, experience, personal fitness, and general ability to perform the duties of the position weighted at 100%. Candidates must achieve a passing score of 70% or higher on the interview in order to be placed on the eligible list. Final results will be sent by U.S. postal mail. Test scores cannot be disclosed over the phone. ELIGIBILITY INFORMATION: The names of candidates receiving a passing grade in the examination will be placed on the Eligible List in the order of their score group for a period of twelve (12) months following the date of promulgation. Passing this examination and being placed on the Eligible List do not guarantee an offer of employment. VACANCY INFORMATION: The resulting Eligible List for this examination will be used to fill a vacancy in the Internal Services Department, Facilities Operations Service located at 1100 North Eastern Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90063. APPLICATION AND FILING INFORMATION: Applications must be filed online only. Applications submitted by U.S. Mail, Fax, or in person will not be accepted. Apply online by clicking on the "Apply" button for this posting. You can also track the status of your application using this website. If you are unable to access the website, you may enter the following link to access your profile: https://www.governmentjobs.com/careers/lacounty We must receive your application and additional documents, if any, by 5:30 pm, PST, on the last day of filing. If you are unable to attach the required documents you may fax or email the exam analyst within 15 calendar days of filing. Please include the exam number and the exam title. Provide any relevant job experience and training in the spaces provided so we can evaluate your qualifications for the job. For each field, give the name and address of your employer, your title, beginning and ending dates, number of hours worked per week, description of work performed. All information is subject to verification. We may reject your application at any time during the examination and hiring process, including after appointment has been made. Falsification of any information may result in disqualification or rescission of appointment. Direct copies of class specifications and minimum/selection requirements as your description of duties will not be sufficient to meet requirements. SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER: Please include your Social Security Number for record control purposes. Federal law requires that all employed persons have a Social Security Number. COMPUTER AND INTERNET ACCESS AT PUBLIC LIBRARIES: For candidates who may not have regular access to a computer or the internet, applications can be completed on computers at public libraries throughout Los Angeles County. NO SHARING OF USER ID AND PASSWORD: All applicants must file their application online using their own user ID and password. Using a family member's or friend's user ID and password may erase a candidate's original application record. ADA Coordinator Phone: (323) 267-2432 Teletype Phone: (800) 899-4099 Alternate Teletype Phone: (800) 897-0077 California Relay Services Phone: (800) 735-2922 Department Contact Name: Hugo Vasquez Department Contact Phone: (323) 881-3670 Department Fax: (323) 780-9006 Department Contact Email: HVasquez@isd.lacounty.gov