Starting Salary: $50,000 annually, plus excellent benefits Position Closes: August 24 Ignite your Passion, Live the Y Cause Are you a development professional with extensive administrative and donor database knowledge and skills? We strive to draw the most talented leaders to make an impact each day in Pierce and Kitsap Counties. We invite individuals who are motivated servant leaders to apply to be an active, inspiring part of the team. As a full time employee, you will receive a medical/dental/vision benefits package, retirement savings plan, Employee Assistance Plan (EAP), life and long term disability benefits, Paid Time Off (PTO), Extended Leave Plan (ELP), and a family membership to the YMCA of Pierce and Kitsap Counties. If hired for this position you will be responsible for maintaining the information integrity of the donor database, Raiser’s Edge, and for maximizing its fundraising potential, and ensure the database is operating effectively with other internal operating systems. You will create and deliver reports, lists, and analysis to members of the development and finance teams and oversee the timely and accurate processing and acknowledgement of donations. You will identify new major gift prospects and conduct research to support the department’s development efforts. This position develops policies and procedures as it pertains to gift tracking, entry, and donor data input and extraction, and provides end user training. In addition, the Donor Database Manager will develop and implement targeted annual giving strategies related to direct mail, email and online opportunities. In this position you will be able to use your skills for: Database Administration and Support: Ensure database policies and practices are documented, current, and properly adhered to by those using the system, including operational flow, coding structures and gift processing systems. Oversee the quality, integrity and accuracy of all donor information and gifts entered into Raiser’s Edge database. Ensure the processing, tracking, reporting and acknowledgment of all gifts and engagement activities are performed in an accurate and timely manner. Support and provide expertise to database users throughout the Association. Develop and deliver training as necessary. Conduct regular audits of data to confirm accuracy and timeliness of data entry processes. Liaison to service vendors, i.e. Blackbaud, Postomatic, to review annual contracts, keep up-to-date with improvements, and maintain best practices. Reporting and Fiscal Management: Manage and produce custom and standard donor reports to support grants, annual campaign and stewardship activities. Produce accurate month and year-end financial and fundraising reports to include preparing documentation for the Association’s annual financial audit. Reconcile gift data receipts with accounting records at month and year-end. Annual Campaign: Oversee targeted annual campaign solicitations and appeals to include: direct mail, email appeals and on-line strategies. Create and develop the appeal messages, segment donor information, and conduct post solicitation evaluation to measure success. Supervision: Recruit, hire, train, develop, schedule and provide direction for staff and volunteers as needed. Work with senior management to review and evaluate staff performance. Develop strategies to motivate staff and achieve goals. Review, approve, and submit staff time cards to payroll department per schedule. Schedule shifts and process time off request forms for staff. Provide all departmental staff with professional development. Ensure that all mandatory training is scheduled and funded. Donor Research: Maintain donor research systems to provide comprehensive, accurate, and timely research and reporting to support fundraising objectives. Conduct research on potential major donors, foundations, corporations and volunteers and report to Association leadership. Minimum Requirements Are you a good fit? Minimum 5 years database management experience using Raiser’s Edge Crystal Reports knowledge preferred Proficiency in Microsoft Office software Ability to manage multiple projects and processes Comprehensive campaign experience preferred Demonstrated professionalism in both attitude and appearance. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Complete online Child Abuse Prevention training on first day. Complete other online and in-person training as required.