We believe that the future of writing is knowing who will respond to anything you write before you even publish it. Textio’s category-defining augmented writing platform is delighting customers, and our team is growing fast. Textio has already changed the way that thousands of companies write and hire, and we are hiring an experienced, creative, and analytical VP of Marketing to help define the augmented writing category. Textio invented augmented writing. Three years into our journey, we are the only platform on the market that tells you who’s going to respond to anything you’re writing. Our first product, Textio Hire, exposes this predictive power for job posts and recruiting mail for global enterprises like Johnson & Johnson, Credit Suisse, CVS, and many more. We are extending our purpose-built stack to expand Textio’s use to other kinds of writing across the enterprise. Our product marketing landscape is exciting, complex, and category-defining. As our VP of Marketing, you will not only lead marketing efforts for our existing product, you will conceive and implement the marketing plan for all product and domain extensions. You will partner with the CEO to define the strategy and metrics that best evaluate our marketing effectiveness, and you and your team will execute against those metrics. This is a broad-scope marketing leadership role that includes product positioning, customer segmentation, measurement, communications, and sales enablement. You are as happy telling stories as you are working with quantitative data, and you know when to use which skill. In this role, you will lead Textio’s marketing efforts, working directly for the CEO and in close partnership with product, engineering, sales, and other business leaders at Textio. You will operate at all altitudes, both working on long-term marketing strategy and leading short-term project execution. We’d love to hear from you if: You have previous experience as an executive marketing leader focused on enterprise SaaS, especially in rapid-growth startup environments You have deep personal experience in product marketing, and at some stage of your career, you led product marketing for a completely new category You know how to define metrics, implement the instrumentation to measure them, and manage a team to hit them You focus on the quality and details of the marketing products you create, and measure success by the love that customers have for your product You experiment, and can break work down into relevant chunks that let us learn You are a results-minded leader who knows how to capitalize on the diverse strengths of people around you to succeed People love working with and for you You have a track record of trying and learning new things You have a point of view but are low ego Textio embraces diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. If there is anything we can do to create a more comfortable interview experience for you, please let us know. Working at Textio is outstanding. Learn more about our philosophy, benefits, and team at https://textio.com/careers/. Reach out and share your story with us!