Overview Commonwealth Financial Network® is the largest privately held Registered Investment Adviser–independent broker/dealer in the U.S., with offices in Waltham, Massachusetts, and San Diego, California. Since 1979, we’ve been helping our field force of independent financial professionals help investors pursue their financial goals. We do that by providing them with the technology, research, resources, and support that allow them to keep their focus on what’s most important: investors and their financial objectives. With that said, we are not your typical financial services firm. For starters, we’re a fast-growing company, and we think and have fun like a start-up. Conveniently located on the commuter rail near the intersection of I-95 and the Mass Pike, we’re accessible from anywhere—and away from the congestion of a downtown commute. Commonwealth recognizes that our people are our greatest asset by investing in training and professional development. As a result, Commonwealth has been recognized 39 times (and counting) as one of the Best Places to Work by top publications in the region (Boston Globe, Boston Business Journal, San Diego Business Journal, San Diego Union-Tribune), as well as in the IT industry (Computerworld). With high marks in areas such as work environment, work/life balance, job satisfaction, and opportunities for advancement, Commonwealth is a place where you can thrive. Discover what it’s like to be psyched to come to work every day! We offer you: Generous bonus and stock option incentive plans Use of our chairman’s vacation properties (Cape Cod, Lake Winnipesaukee, Sunday River, Key Biscayne, Las Vegas, Park City, the Bahamas, and the Dominican Republic) at no cost Fully paid maternity leave (12 weeks) and spousal leave (3 weeks) A more relaxed, “dress for your day” dress code A free on-site fitness center Ample opportunity to volunteer with and support local charities A VTO (volunteer time off) day to use toward a cause that’s important to you Tuition reimbursement Free breakfast on Fridays A competitive benefits package—and much more About the Opportunity When a financial advisor decides to change broker/dealers and move to Commonwealth, the Transition department is responsible for ensuring that the entire process runs smoothly. As the face of Commonwealth, we are in the business of making great first impressions that lead to lasting relationships. To accomplish this goal, we put together a dedicated Transition team—a consultant, operations specialist, and associate—to work with the new advisor’s office throughout the transition period. Together, the transition team provides all the support and training an advisor needs to move his or her book of business to Commonwealth. This team answers any questions that arise and acts as a liaison between the advisor’s office and Commonwealth’s other departments. We pride ourselves on providing indispensable customer service to all of our advisor offices and do whatever it takes to answer questions, resolve problems, and maintain great relationships. One thing you will often hear us say is, “If we don’t know the answer to your question, we will get you to the right person who does.” To help us uphold this legacy of great first impressions and indispensable service, we are looking for someone who is outgoing, positive, detailed, self- motivated, and fun to join us. If you think you have what it takes, then let’s introduce ourselves. Responsibilities Acting as the relationship manager/quarterback, guiding new advisors to Commonwealth through the entire transition process Coordinating discussions and trainings with various departments for new advisors and their staff Answering questions on a variety of topics—such as operations, branding, compliance, and wealth management—as well as developing a good understanding of other broker/dealers Creating and overseeing a personalized transition timeline for each advisor’s office, ensuring a smooth transfer of the advisor’s book of business Working in tandem with other departments and your teammates to facilitate a successful transition and provide a great experience Acting as the first point of escalation for new advisors and their staff Serving as a lead presenter for home office visits to discuss all details of a transition Traveling to new advisors’ offices to assist in their training during their first 3–5 months of joining Commonwealth Educating new advisors and their staff in all areas of Commonwealth Participating in, and sometimes leading, a variety of departmental projects Qualifications Excellent attention to detail 3–5 years of financial services experience Strong, professional communication and presentation skills—both in writing and verbally Ability to proactively identify and relay new information and updates to the field and to teammates Commitment to providing indispensable customer service Team player Superior leadership, multitasking, and organizational skills First-rate problem-solving ability Experienced trainer Patient and supportive attitude Comfortable in a fast-paced, dynamic environment FINRA Series 6 or 7 securities registration Some travel required (up to 30 percent of time) Summary Have we piqued your curiosity? Can you see yourself thriving in this career opportunity, as well as our Anything but Common® workplace culture? If so—and if your background and experience align with our needs—please do submit your application right away. _Commonwealth Financial Network® is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to a diverse workforce._