The Black Tux is reinventing the formalwear rental industry so guys can show up at their best on the days that matter most. The company designs and manufactures modern rental suits and tuxedos that actually fit—made of 100% wool, ordered online, and delivered for free. Using a combination of machine learning, tailor-trained fit specialists, and industry-leading customer service, The Black Tux guarantees a perfect fit every time. We’re looking for a driven Social Media Content Coordinator with 1-2 years experience planning social media content to join our Brand team to execute our in-house organic social media strategy. Reporting to the Social Media Manager, you’ll be joining an amazing cross-functional team of Product, Marketing, Engineering, and Design practitioners working together to drive continued growth of the business. This position is based in our HQ office in Santa Monica, CA just steps from the beach and Santa Monica Pier. What You'll Do Assist Social Media Manager in developing the Social Media Content Calendar Coordinate content creation including image curation, copywriting, link-building and scheduling for Instagram, IG Stories, Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter Maintain UGC database, including importing assets, securing permissions, shoppable tagging, gallery prioritization and fulfilling cross-departmental image requests Implement social engagement campaigns Create and coordinate seasonal micro-influencer campaigns Learn our customer and social audience inside and out to help inform our social strategy Who You Are 1-2 Years relevant professional experienceBA/BS in Marketing, Advertising, Public Relations, Graphic Design, Journalism, or English Intermediate experience with Photoshop and related photo/video editing apps Enjoys shooting, capturing, and editing content for Instagram Stories Experience working with business accounts across social channels, as well as social listening, scheduling, and reporting platforms; e.g. Iconosquare, Facebook Business manager, Instagram Insights, Hootsuite, Planoly Strong interest and knowledge of how other brands are using social channels to drive engagement on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and Pinterest. Has a positive attitude, is team-oriented and able to take direction Excellent written and verbal communication skills Benefits and perks of working at The Black Tux Exciting startup environment Weekly catered lunches Dog-friendly office Complimentary dry cleaning & tailoring services Health, dental and vision coverage 401(k) Paid parking Parental leave (non-birthing parents included) Open vacation time Stocked kitchen & pantry Apple equipment or whatever you need to be productive Monthly team outings Free suit and tuxedo rentals We're an equal opportunity employer to all. We interview and hire applicants of all backgrounds, orientations, expressions, and identities.