Concord is a consulting firm driving business value through the use of technology. Our expertise is centered on data. Data Experience Data in Motion Data at Rest Data Analytics Data Privacy & Protection Concord will work with consultants on a W2 basis or a Corp-to-Corp basis. We have a host of benefits that can be available for W2 consultants. We are currently recruiting for the following contract-to-hire position for our direct client: Data Analyst. This individual will research, collect, analyze, and report on data content to facilitate maintenance and continual improvement pertaining to Information Management business practices. Local to the Minneapolis/St Paul area is required; worksite is in Bloomington, MN with some occasional travel possible. Job Responsibilities: Analyze business reporting requirements Design dimensional models with conformed dimensions Develop SQL code for ETL team mapping source to target delivery structures Study and understand the company’s business processes and applications, including their effect on data and reporting, and apply the knowledge gained in designing data warehouses reporting structures Identify and document all requirements by working with end users Work with BI reporting team and end users in using the data warehouse Work with the ETL team in translating requirements to ETL code Establish system documentation and ensure it is continually sustained Minimum Skills/Qualifications: Work experience supporting and developing data warehouses. Knowledge of data warehouse architecture and life cycle. Experience using SQL and preferably Oracle database. Ability to be comfortable working independently, be a self-starter, be self-motivated, and work in a team setting. Excellent skill in communicating in writing and speaking with others. This is a highly collaborative role and will work closely with data analysts, data scientists, and other data consumers within the business to gather and populate data warehouse table structure, which is optimized for reporting. A deep passion for data analytics technologies as well as analytical and dimensional modeling. The candidate must be extensively familiar with ETL coding, data warehousing, and business intelligence tools. The candidate must have the skill to draft, analyze, and debug SQL queries. The candidate must also have vast knowledge of database design and modeling in the context of data warehousing and be skilled in diagnosing complex data warehouse ETL processes, business logic failures, and data flows, to quickly resolve issues. Should be able to actively exchange ideas with others and build on their ideas to identify new solutions. Honesty, integrity, and professionalism at all times. Ability to work independently or collaboratively and maintain a positive attitude. Ability to initiate action and build relationships within the department. Outstanding planning & Organizational skills. Comfort level spending the workday sitting at a workstation and operating computer devices, such as, but not limited to keyboard, mouse and screen. provided by Dice Data, Data Analytics, Data Warehousing, Data Flows, SQL, Oracle, ETL