Employment Status: Full time Job Function: Information Systems Department: 420232 IS Infrastructure-Specialist Shift Hours / Days: Monday- Friday, Days Hours / Pay Period: 80 Systems Administrator We Fight Cancer: Care That Never Quits® Cancer Treatment Centers of America® (CTCA®) delivers an extraordinary patient experience we call Patient Empowered Care®. We deliver state-of-the-art, high quality care through an integrative model where a team of experts puts patients at the center of their own care. Every day is purposeful. Every day, you will help patients win the fight against cancer. Every day is challenging and rewarding beyond your imagination. A Culture of Teamwork, Empowerment & Development CTCA provides Stakeholders with exceptional support and easy access to a wide range of tools and resources they need to bring the best of themselves, every day. Our benefits, wellness, and compensation programs lead the market. Imagine access to your own personal health coach! We also provide extensive training and career development opportunities that encourage professional and personal growth—it is a point of pride. Those are just a few of the ways we empower our Stakeholders to deliver the highest standard of care, which we call the Mother Standard®. Overview The Systems Administrator is responsible for provisioning, configuring, operating, assisting, supporting and maintaining the server infrastructure to ensure systems are secure, reliable, available, and perform optimally in accordance with Standard Operating Procedures (SOP). The candidate must be able to perform in both a proactive and reactive manner. The candidate will be proactively monitoring the server infrastructure as well as responding to alerts and handling tickets/requests in order to resolve issues in respect to SLAs. This position participates in on-call rotation that requires after-hours support and may also adjust work hours to perform maintenance tasks at times least impactful to customers.. Key Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or Computer Information or equivalent experience in the appropriate fields is required. 3+ years server support experience required in a mid to large environment. IT experience within a multi-facility healthcare organization is preferred. Microsoft Certifications: MCSA required. 2+ years prior desktop support experience required in a mid to large environment. 2+ years monitoring experience required Requirements Experience troubleshooting hardware/software issues. Strong knowledge and hands on experience of Microsoft Operating systems and VMWARE. Strong knowledge and hands on experience with server hardware, preferably Cisco UCS and HP DL Active Directory administration experience. Self-motivated with ability to work with minimal direction to prioritize and execute tasks. Strong interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills. Strong knowledge of system monitoring/analysis tools and SNMP/WMI – preferably Solarwinds. Intermediate VBScript/PowerShell scripting knowledge preferred. Intermediate SQL knowledge preferred. The Best Place to Work We call ourselves Stakeholders because we all have a stake in the care and success of every patient. Today, CTCA Stakeholders deliver healing and hope to patients fighting complex and advanced cancer in Atlanta, GA, Chicago, IL, Philadelphia, PA, Phoenix, AZ and Tulsa, OK. Each of our hospitals earned a Best Place to Work distinction and receives numerous accreditations that celebrate our culture of clinical quality, innovation, high performance and wellness. CTCA Stakeholders form the team of experts who deliver evidence- based clinical therapies, supported by state-of-the art technology and whole person support, including nutrition, mind-body medicine and naturopathic medicine, among many others. We never stop fighting and we always care for each patient as a whole person. Beyond The Resume, What We Look For We select people with talent—people who thrive in an environment of continuous improvement. We are creative and resourceful problem solvers. We are inventors and innovators. We are fighters at heart and we look for people who delight serving patients. The power, determination and beauty of the human spirit will enrich and energize you. As a CTCA Stakeholder, you make the difference in the life of a patient. Do you see yourself working with a passionate team in a dynamic, high growth environment? Visit itjobs.cancercenter.com and begin the application process, today.