Summary of Responsibilities : The quality control manager position develops, implements and manages quality control systems designed to ensure continuous production of advanced composite materials and applications (consistent with established standards, customer specifications and production goals). The position supervises a team of quality control inspectors. Essential Functions: Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. • Develop, implement and maintain the quality control activities Oversee development and implementation of standards, methods and procedures for inspecting, testing and evaluating the precision, accuracy and reliability of company products. Develop quality assurance plans by conducting hazard analyses; identifying critical control points and preventive measures; establishing critical limits, monitoring procedures, corrective actions, and verification procedures; monitoring inventories Develop budget and monitor expenditure Make recommendations for corrective action necessary to ensure conformity with quality specifications. Ensure finished products conform to government and company standards and satisfy good manufacturing practices regulations. Responsible for accuracy and timely inspection/calibration of monitoring and measuring devices. Keep up on standards, regulations/laws, issues, and news with respect to product (service) quality. Ensure a high level of internal and external customer service. Investigate (and correct) customer issues and complaints relating to quality. Supervise workers engaged in inspection and testing activities to ensure high productivity and high technical integrity. Develop and analyze statistical data and product specifications to determine standards and to establish quality and reliability expectancy of finished products. Provide technical and statistical expertise to teams. Formulate, document and maintain quality control standards and on-going quality control objectives. Create, document and implement inspection criteria and procedures. Interpret quality control philosophy to key personnel within company Provide, and oversee, inspection activity for product throughout production cycle Interact with vendors to ensure quality of all purchased parts Create and direct environmental test functions and applications Maintain active role on internal continuous improvement teams Design, develop and implement quality control training programs Any projects/tasks assigned by the company Required Education and Experience: • Bachelor degree in Engineering, preferably Electrical, Manufacturing or Mechanical Proven track record of driving continuous quality improvement in a manufacturing environment. Strong knowledge of ISO certifications Minimum of 7 years of related experience Minimum of 3 years supervisory or management experience Intermediate to Expert knowledge of MS Office suite to include Excel, Word, Access, Outlook and ERP/MRP/WMS systems Bilingual in Mandarin is a must Competencies Technical Capacity. Organizational Skills. Problem Solving/Analytical. Customer/Client Focus. Time Management. Collaboration. Performance Management. Leadership. Business Acumen. Supervisory Responsibility This position has supervisory responsibilities. It requires to manage all employees of the department and is responsible for the performance management and hiring of the employees within that department. Work Environment This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines. Position Type and Expected Hours of Work: This is a full-time position and mainly works in front of the computer. 40hours per week. Evening call may be required with the Headquarters. Travel: Travel is primarily local during the business day, although some out-of-the- area/international and overnight travel may be expected. Leotek Electronics USA LLC has work environment that promotes diversity, equal opportunity, embraces change, and provides leadership opportunities to its talents. If you are looking to make a move and are highly motivated professional who welcomes new challenges, take a look at our career page by visiting www.leotek.com .