Liberty Mutual is actively searching for a Senior Architect to lead the implementation of a Global General Ledger solution for all of Liberty Mutual within the Corporate Functions Global Finance IT team.Candidate will work with business and IT partners from all over the company including all of our Global Retail Markets East and West country operations in Europe, Asia and South America. The Senior Architect is responsible for establishing and providing leadership to the technology strategy and technology roadmaps, as well as product recommendations that enable the business. Designs, develops and maintains the enterprise methodologies and techniques, including standards and guidelines for enterprise wide use in technical management and systems of process development. Develops specifications for new products/services, applications and service offerings. Provides technical management and systems solutions to large, strategic, complex system development projects involving multiple platforms, distributed processing, and business applications. May be responsible for the hands-on technical leadership of entire application portfolios within a market. Recognized as a thought leader within strategic function or discipline. About the role: Establishes and leads the technology strategy and technology roadmaps that enable the business. Partners with the Product Owners to align the roadmap with the technical design and strategy. Provides oversight at the portfolio level; influencing decision-making and prioritizing the business and architecture backlog for the programs and teams. Designs and develops IT architecture (integrated process, methodology, framework, software/applications, data, information, and technology) scalable solutions to business problems in alignment with the enterprise architecture direction and standards. Provides consultation and collaborates with Market CIO, business partners and peer groups regarding long and short-range product features. Recommends and drives innovative solutions, which anticipates the future direction of the business, its drivers and technology strategy. Provides consultation on leveraging new and existing software and technology. Leads teams, may have overall leadership responsibility for product architecture and design. Reviews and ensures major architectural designs are consistent, maintainable, flexible and cost-effective solutions. Works with or leads technical teams to identify functional requirements that drive architecture and technology to meet customer needs and enables business capability. Participates with application and infrastructure design architects to provide guidance for development and releases. Develops strategies and architectures which support advanced security topics such as Vulnerability Lifecycle Management, Identity Management, Intrusion Detection, Authentication, Authorization and Auditing. Consults with application development and infrastructure development teams to fit systems to architecture, and identify when it is necessary to modify the technical architecture to accommodate customer/stakeholder needs. Responsible for prototyping complex, cross platform business solutions to validate newer technologies. Recommends emerging scalable and reusable technical solutions to increase market share and reduce operational costs. Analyzes the technology industry and market trends to determine potential impact on the business. Influences technology direction and/or adjustments to incorporate into business plans. Influences the selection of hardware and software product standards and the design of standard configurations; makes significant contributions to market-centric technology roadmaps and architectural principles and frameworks. Develops and manages effective collaborative relationships with other departments, groups, peers, and subordinates (data mgmt., security, and infrastructure). Leads retrospectives and defining opportunities for experiments and POC’s. Facilitates cross-team/train learnings, communication and alignment. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor`s or Master`s degree in technical discipline; Master`s preferred. Generally a minimum of 15 years of architecture experience in applications development in a complex, multi-platform distributed environment. Exposure to layered solutions and designs, diverse technical configurations, multiple technologies and processing environments. Thorough knowledge of all components of holistic enterprise architecture. Thorough knowledge of business re-engineering principles and processes. Thorough knowledge of financial models and budgeting. Thorough understanding of business operations, objectives and strategies including but not limited to, insurance industry, financial services, global business, technology trends, as well as security minded. Strong understanding of network architecture. Software development skills essential; ability to incorporate wide-ranging ideas and opinions to set technology direction. Strong leadership, coaching and mentoring skills. Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills - including negotiation, facilitation, and consensus building skills; ability to influence and persuade, without direct control. High degree of flexibility and ability to work with employees at all levels of the organization with diverse backgrounds. Strong desire to drive change, and ability to adapt to change quickly. Strong consulting skills (relevant/technical); recognized as a thought leader within the company. Ability to balance the long-term "big picture" and short term implications of decisions. Preferred Qualifications: Experience working with SAP HANA, Spring Batch, and AWS. Experience working on international assignments in multiple regions and time zones. Benefits: We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to positive change. In return for your service, it’s our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits Job: Technology Primary Location: United States-Massachusetts-Boston Schedule: Full-time Salary: $159,700-$210,100 Education Level: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years) Travel: Yes, 25 % of the Time