This position provides administrative support to the West Houston Pre-School. Team work is a main focus, along with a positive and professional attitude. Must enjoy working in a fast paced environment and show individual initiative in daily work to support the pre-school team. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES PRE-SCHOOL RESPONSIBILITIES Create student directory/student roster and develop and maintain filing system for all present and past students. Purge student records after 90 days of students no longer enrolled. Update and maintain student files with completed registration forms, payment information, packet forms and medical records. Facilitate enrollment process for all students. Maintain accurate enrollment in Spectrum NG. Enter/edit pre-school registration forms; enter registrations into the computer, changes and transfers. Handle all operating office functions as the pertain to School Ensure School Book, School Statistics, and Forms Book are kept current. Process payments and keep records updated for all current and new students. Ensure first aid kit is always stocked and available. Prepare and complete incident reports. Maintain security of the building at all times when the school is open, clear guests for student pick up or drop off. Keep supply of registration packets available. Be available to answer questions and resolve issues as they arise for families. Support Director by providing administrative support as required. ADMINISTRATIVE RESPONSIBILITIES Answer phone calls and direct parent inquiry to director or teacher. Maintain personnel files/rosters with current TB test results, letters of health, affidavit, hire packet forms, credentials, training required/completed, date of hire, copy of signed contract, and copy of signed evaluation. Record/track sick leave and vacations. Complete criminal history check for all new employees prior to start date and re-process annually. Place copy of results in personnel file. Maintain licensing binder and all paperwork that keeps the program in compliance. Maintain budget templates and projections Maintain all files to include monthly attendance by class, sign-in/sign-out sheets, licensing, etc. Prepare and complete purchase orders to send to Main Campus. Maintain petty cash. Order supplies as needed for office, school and building, maintain current inventory of all maintenance supplies with support of WH Porter including preparing orders of maintenance supplies Order Challahs on Wednesday’s for Challah Club. Assume additional responsibilities as requested from time to time. Interact and facilitate communication with staff and members. FACILITY EXPECTATIONS Work with Early Childhood Pre-School Director to plan and execute fire drills, severe weather drill, active shooter drills and maintain all drill records. Ensure playground inspections are completed by licensed inspector on a regular basis. Ensure all licenses and current employee roster are posted on wall where everyone can see them. Qualifications 3.-5 Years of experience in an administration role. Preferred Bachelor’s degree Proficient in all Microsoft programs Excellent communication skills, both oral and written Must be detail oriented, able to prioritize, multitask, with the capability to handle heavy phone call volume and multiple individual requests. Must be able to proficiently operate all office equipment, including but not limited to: computers, applicable software, printer, fax machine, copier, etc. Must be able to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, verbal, or scheduled form. Must be able to edit and proofread reports and correspondence. Must be able to speak clearly and distinctly using correct English. Maintain a professional appearance and manner at all times while at work. Must have positive customer service attitude.