Mission European Carline Specialist Who We Are Founded and continuously led by inventor and entrepreneur Tony Aquila, Solera is a global leader in digital technologies that connect and secure life's most important assets: our cars, homes and identities. Since its inception in 2005 as a garage-based startup, Solera has grown aggressively with over 50 acquisitions across its platforms. The company's current product solutions include Audatex, Autodata, AutoPoint, CAP/HPI, Colimbra, Digidentity, Enservio, Explore Data, Hollander, Identifix, Inpart, LYNX and TitleTec, as well as the company's flagship Digital Garage application. Today, Solera processes over 300 million transactions annually for approximately 235,000 partners and customers in over 80 countries. Unified by a strong culture that values uncommon entrepreneurial thinking and continuous "do-it-different" innovation, Solera's global workforce of 6,700+ associates come from diverse forward-thinking industries that include automotive technology, artificial intelligence, software development, data sciences, cybersecurity, cognitive design, and digital identity protection. For more information, please visit solera.com. The Solera Way Solera’s uncommon culture is based on three simple principles: Think 80/20 (Focus), Act 30/30 (Efficiency), and Live 90/10 (Accountability). We define our mindset using Our 3H’s: Humility, a Hunger to succeed, and a desire to Hunt for opportunities to win. We train our volunteers to engage with each other modulating between their intellect (IQ) and emotional intelligence (EQ) using our 3Fs: Facts, Finesse, and Force. Solera has become a global technology leader that is constantly growing in the double digits. The principles, drills, and values associated with the Solera Way have been fundamental to Solera’s success and our ability to grow, continuously change, and innovate. Are You Uncommon? We’re on the hunt for an experienced European Carline Specialist who ranks in the top quartile among their peers. Someone who has a highly competitive and entrepreneurial mindset that is wired with a team-first attitude, has no problem rolling up their sleeves to execute their missions, and can modulate between leading and following as needed. You will serve as the European Carline Specialist. Position 80s What You’ll Be Doing At Solera, we believe in providing clarity and focus to what our volunteers are responsible for – their mission. The 80’s, as we call them at Solera, are the employee’s priorities associated with their role or mission. The mission 80’s for this role, are: Quick and accurate point diagnostics on European vehicles Provide diagnostics one on one with the customer Author quality archives to be placed into the Identifix Direct Hit website Additional responsibilities of the role include: Provide an elevated level of service repair and diagnosis over phone, email, fax, and chat to repair shops. Our customers require quick, accurate, and to the point diagnostics on European vehicles that they are unfamiliar with. Diagnostics will be one on one with the customer with the assistance of factory repair information. Author quality archives based on incoming calls in an easy to read and follow manner. Archives will include test steps and conclusions that will lead our customers through a diagnosis. Archives are then placed into the Identifix Direct Hit website for subscriber use. Available for an 8-hour shift between the operating hours of 7:00 AM to 7:00 PM Monday-Friday. Employees will be assigned an 8 - hour shift that provides the best coverage for our customers. Qualifications Are You Qualified? 2 year automotive degree or equivalent degree. ASE Master tech and L1 certified. 5 years or more repair experience in the automotive field. Ability to efficiently operate a desktop computer. This includes typing, internet usage, and software skills. Possess proficient writing skills. Exceptional ability to learn and diagnose automotive systems then relay that information clearly to customers. Exceptional communication skills on the phone, through e-mail, and by chat. Ability to adapt to multiple European carlines. Our Space We believe that offices should be destinations where people want to be… places where people want to work, play and, collaborate. That is why we spend a lot of time on enhancing our workspaces. Solera’s work environments are intersections of the old and the new… of the past, present, and future. They are spaces designed to stimulate creative thinking, innovation, and cross- functional collaboration. We also embrace wellness. Whether it is our onsite or offsite workout centers, nutritional meals and beverages, or endless snacks for focus and energy. This wellness plan is our commitment to healthy living, which spans across our office environments. Check out what Inc.com had to say about Solera’s offices: http://www.inc.com/kevin-j-ryan/ss/solera-office-is-very-texas.html