Summary Creates client intimacy via consultative sales and solution-focused approach while developing collaborative relationships with both Logicalis’ Sales and Solutions & Services organizations. Understands client’s foundational core business; defines technology solutions and services to solve identified client initiatives and requirements. Develops and leads technology initiatives and requirements through workshops and/or assessments. Develops and refines repeatable methodologies that are client deliverables driven. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Develops multi-discipline technology-focused strategies and solution roadmaps to execute solutions for clients to help solve business needs and/or requirements. Supports complex, consultative sales process including solution definition, proposal development, oral presentations and contract/pricing review for rapidly evolving services offerings. Assists in guiding organizations through business, information, process, and technology changes necessary to execute their strategies. Engages as advisor to client and earns their respect; performs in technology leadership role due to breadth of knowledge in cloud and as-a-service offerings. Provides expertise on aligning current trends in technology market place, Logicalis services for market, and services of our partners as they relate to client initiatives and requirements. Understands many disciplines including: application architecture, middleware platforms, ITSM, resiliency and DR, databases, virtualization, servers, storage, and cloud computing, along with understanding of technology and industry trends. Collaborates with sales teams in building account strategy plans used to drive specific initiatives; provides thought leadership and design guidance to cross-discipline teams. Provides direction to various departments in client’s organization on how to utilize IT to achieve and exceed business goals. Leads pre-sales and delivery teams to accomplish client’s goals and objectives; acts as technical point of contact. Aligns and incorporates client’s needs with IT; involves fusing together functional needs of business with IT systems. Recommends future technologies that will improve client’s business through IT efficiency. Meets with various client levels: IT administration, IT Directors, CIO and other corporate stakeholders tangential to IT; works with IT experts in client’s organization. Creates awareness of uncovered opportunities outside of Account Executive’s particular specialty. Demonstrates and actively promotes an understanding and commitment to the mission of Logicalis through performing behaviors consistent with the organization's values. Maintains a working knowledge of applicable Federal, State, and Local laws and regulations as well as policies and procedures of Logicalis in order to ensure adherence in a manner that reflects honest, ethical and professional behaviors. Supports and conducts self in a manner consistent with customer service expectations. Supervisory Responsibilities This job has no supervisory responsibilities. Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education/Experience//Technical Requirements/Certifications Education: Bachelor’s Degree in related field. Experience / Technical Requirements 10 years’ pre-sales experience in IT marketplace with consulting experience leading complex solutions and projects. 10 years’ integration and delivery experience in IT marketplace with multi-discipline experience in complex project deliverables. Demonstrated experience in operating and delivering in Enterprise IT lifecycle, to include: o System Security and Auditing o Data Processing and Analytics o Technologies Transition o IT Service Management Fundamentals Experience in IT architecture design and implementation to maximize support of data processing, building cloud compatible services and in operating and delivering in Enterprise IT lifecycle. Demonstrated experience building and managing IT solutions and integrating Cloud technologies. Demonstrated experience building new and evolving existing large-scale data warehouse using technologies that meet compliance, availability and recovery requirements. Core discipline in application or data area, such as Microsoft, ITSM, Managed Services. Experience in project management across multi-disciplinary teams in influencer role; attention to detail and rigorous documentation discipline. Knowledge of the business technology requirements and needs for which Cloud architecture is being developed. Comprehensive knowledge of hardware, software, application-types, and systems engineering. Knowledge of IT governance and operations. Knowledge of financial modeling as it pertains to IT investment, budget cycles, and OpEx/CapEx consumption of IT Proficient use of all Microsoft Office applications. May consider an equivalent combination of education and experience. Certifications Certifications across various industries and platforms. Cisco CCNA/CCNP/CCIE or equivalent. VMware VCP, VCAP, VCDX or equivalent. Other Skills and Abilities Ability to explain complex technical issues in a way that non-technical people will understand; ability to provide understanding of how proposed solution will solve client’s business needs, requirements and problems. Project and program management planning and organizational skills. Ability to lead technical process with clients as well as within Logicalis. Ability to work and lead cross departmental resources to accomplish client’s objective. Ability to have business level conversation with IT technical customers and C-level executives alike and assist them in deploying solutions to meet business requirements. Fluency in formulating and expressing thoughts and ideas. Outstanding oral, written, and technical/business communication skills. Strong technical and customer interaction skills. Ability to multi-task and accommodate requests from multiple clients and from Logicalis pre-sales, delivery and sales teams. Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is constantly required to sit, talk, see, hear, and use hands and arms. The employee is frequently required to stand; move about, climb steps or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. The above statements describe the general nature and level of work being performed by individuals assigned to this classification. This is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and duties required of personnel so classified. Logicalis is an Equal Opportunity Employer. It is our policy to employ people who are qualified by reason of education, training, experience, and demonstrated performance. We value diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, age, height, weight, disability, veteran status, or any other reason prohibited by applicable federal or state laws. Back Share Apply Now