Invenergy drives innovation in energy. Powered by decades of entrepreneurial experience and unparalleled execution, we solve the energy challenges facing our customers and communities. We provide power generation and storage solutions at scale around the world to create a cleaner energy future. We develop. We build. We own. We operate. We are Invenergy. Job Description Position Overview The Information Security Administrator will report to the Director, Information Security and will assist in protecting Invenergy information assets from all threats. The Information Security Administrator will have responsibility for both corporate IT security and the IT requirements of our NERC CIP program with the objective to improve effectiveness and efficiency of information security. Responsibilities Manage and maintain security systems and software, including firewalls, intrusion detection systems, and anti-malware software. Manage security problem tickets. Log and monitor security events. Help build a culture of organizational security by working closely with Invenergy employees. Demonstrate vigilance by responding to incidents, tuning procedures, and participating in security assessments and remediation programs. Perform day-to-day operations of security solutions and the identification, investigation, and resolution of security events detected by those systems. Participate in the creation of policies, standards, and procedures where appropriate. Raises awareness of data security & compliance risks to upper management. Review infrastructure logs and interpret the security implications of that activity and devise action plans for appropriate resolution. Participate in investigations into problematic activity. Review and evaluate patch reconnaissance to schedule and apply fixes and security patches. Maintain knowledge by conducting research on emerging products, services, and security standards. Required Skills Professional security certification preferred, such as CISSP, CISA, or GIAC programs At least 3 years experience in administering information security systems within a Microsoft Windows environment. Governance, regulatory or controls experience, in particular NERC CIP Experience with Cisco LAN/WAN/WLAN networking and security Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related area Familiarity with security tools (SIEM, AV, firewalls, scanners, etc.). Excellent communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills Must be flexible and able to multi-task, while responding to changing business