At Yelp, it’s our mission to connect people with great local businesses. Yelp’s unique dataset contains billions of interactions between users and local business around the globe, from a user reviewing a neighborhood coffee shop to requesting a repair quote with a photo of a leaky faucet. The Data Science team performs analyses, builds models, and designs experiments that directly impact Yelp’s business and users. Our centralized team is the most wide-ranging consumer of data at Yelp, adept at tasks from modeling content growth and user behavior to sharing insights about the health of local economies. We’re looking for interns to work side-by-side with our Data Scientists at Yelp to make sense of these interactions to deliver impactful analyses and products to our users, business partners and the general public. We Are Looking For: Pursuing a BA/BS, MS, or PhD in Statistics, Math, Physics, Economics, Computer Science or related quantitative discipline. Fluency with SQL and Python or R for data analysis. Solid understanding of statistical inference, experimental design and analysis. Enthusiasm for clean code and sharing reproducible results. Communication skills to work with partners on engineering, product and business teams. An eye for great data visualization with Matplotlib, Plotly, ggplot, or Tableau. Endless ideas about how to leverage Yelp's unique data set. What You Will Do: Define key metrics to track Yelp’s performance and inform product decisions. Assess and frame questions from partners into actionable deliverables. Design, execute, and analyze complex experiments impacting millions of users. Devise and evaluate models for diverse business needs, such as identifying growth opportunities, personalizing user experience, and matching consumers to businesses. Own analyses start-to-finish and communicate key insights to stakeholders. Share your technical skills to develop and maintain high-quality, reusable analysis tools. Interested in applying? Sweet! Share with us why you want to work at Yelp and don't forget to mention any side projects, academic papers, and personal websites/blogs.