What are we working on at Mede? Have you seen the commercials about cloud and analytics on TV, in Airports, even at sporting events? Blazing fast graphics flying by, users smiling and cheering as their data comes to life!!! The voice-over talking about how insights and artificial intelligence are now changing the world? At Mede/Analytics, we have been solving these problems in the real-world for 14 years. Our healthcare payers and providers are the Who’s-Who of industry leaders. They already use Mede’s next generation platform daily to solve real world problems not just what the TV commercials show: real patients, real populations, real customers, and amazing agile teams, with simple but potent, clean, and intuitive visualizations. We are looking for teammates to take on challenging problems in building massively scalable, highly reliable, geo-redundant, batch and real-time services. To be a successful candidate, you should have a proven record spanning all aspects of the software development life cycle and have worked on major product releases. You must be excellent at building simplified models around a complex system. We use exciting new development tools that keep your skills current. If there’s not a solution out there, we make our own. We’re not taking the well- worn road. We have an opportunity to re-invent the medium, and we couldn’t be more enthusiastic about it. Role Profile: Mede is looking for a driven and experienced Expert Software Engineer in Test in our Dallas, TX office to build out the next generation of automation framework supporting our new technologies. The Expert Software Engineer in Test (ESET) will play a pivotal role on an exciting project that will leverage new tools, processes and frameworks as we build our testing center of excellence. The Expert Software Engineer in Test will be a partner with both development and QA working in scrum teams to effectively test solutions from unit through UI automation testing. Here at Mede, Expert Software Engineer in Tests are driven and strive for excellence. They constantly strive to grow and improve, actively seeking feedback and direction. The Expert Software Engineer in Test is a skilled operator with a passion for building the right thing right. Expert Software Engineer in Tests are constant learners with a keen passion for ensuring the products they are testing are of the highest quality. They are an efficient and empowered problem solver and can work independently or in groups. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Set direction for all automation at Mede/Analytics Work directly with Senior Leaders and peers in Engineering to architect for cohesiveness in model and Implementation Develop the next generation of the Mede framework Design, write and execute automation to support the framework Collaborate with QA managers for the needs of the framework and your automation team Remain engaged with the evolution of automation standards and trends; bring them to Mede Train and lead other Software Engineers in Test Required Skills 5-8 years’ experience in software testing with a proven track record in software development Familiar with development of unit, API and UI automated tests Comfortable white boarding with senior architects and executives Highly analytical with a passion for developing expertise in the industry and product under test Seasoned in efficient test design; keen vision for designing tests for maximum coverage and minimum maintenance Experience in working with on and offshore teams Expert in agile Strong Communication skills (Written and Verbal) Experience with Selenium, C and/or Java Results-oriented, self-motivated and quick-learner Associates/Bachelors/Master’s Degree (IT, MIS, Healthcare Degree or equivalent) strongly desired. Knowledge of JIRA and QA Symphony qTest (or equivalent) Knowledge of US healthcare industry preferred Working Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee regularly works near office equipment (telephone, computer) and other employees. The employee works in normal office conditions where there is no physical discomfort due to temperature, dust, noise, etc. Verbal and written communication, telephone usage, filing, sitting, typing, driving, reading and carrying required to perform the essential functions of this job.