This position is responsible for supporting MARS database systems. This position also assist in researches and evaluates for the standardization of databases. This position plans, designs and recommends platform modifications or additions to increase system performance, stability, capacity, and scalability. They provide implementation planning, management, and support during production rollouts. They establish performance standards, policies and procedures. They monitor and control the performance and health of databases within the Methodist system. Utilizes software and hardware tools, identifies and diagnoses problems, and factors database performance and sizing. This individual does the above while directly ensuring the secure access of all database platforms within the Methodist system. PATIENT AGE GROUP SERVED Not Applicable DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Ensures database performance by planning, developing, managing, and securing databases. Meets business requirements by developing database utilization policies, procedures, security, backup, and recovery. Work with Data Analysis and Electronic Discovery teams to architect and build relational databases that support new systems. Develop stored procedures, triggers, etc. as necessary to implement business rules as enhancements to existing systems. Produce and maintain technical documentation on designs, structures, code and interfaces related to data management. Complex problem analysis and recovery. Aid in coordinating all incident response events from detection to final remediation. Provides 3rd level technical consulting to the Help Desk, Application groups, business units, internal customers and other Server Engineers with regard to Databases and capabilities. Responsible for maintaining an advanced awareness of the latest technologies and trends in the Oracle technology stack. Ensure storage, archiving, backup and recovery procedures are functioning correctly Technical consultation on complex projects Performance monitoring, technical support and advanced trouble-shooting of databases. Develop strategies for scalability (high transaction volume) and high availability (replication, automatic failover). Maintains database performance by utilizing best practice tuning methodologies. Provide proactive database support and researching the latest customer advisories, implementing recommendations; and ensuring reliable database performance. Maintaining and creating standards and documentation for Database environments Demonstrate effective use of time management skills. Interact and communicate effectively with customers, team members, and management. Demonstrates and supports the Methodist vision, mission and value statements. Demonstrates and supports the Methodist customer service standards. Adheres to system, division and department policies, procedures, guidelines and standards. Perform other duties as assigned. EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS A Bachelor of Science Degree in Computer Science or related field is required; or equivalent experience. Oracle Certified Professional is preferred EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS 10+ years Oracle RDBMS with Performance Tuning Experience Excellent troubleshooting, root cause analysis and permanent problem resolution skills Extensive experience in monitoring and managing Oracle databases Oracle RDBMS optimization, troubleshooting and problem solving Enterprise-level Database Environment support Knowledge of all major storage protocols Ability to manage detailed tasks efficiently and effectively Strong project management skills Excellent customer service skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to communicate technical proposals to supervisors and management Ability to handle multiple tasks in a fast paced environment. CERTIFICATES, LICENSES AND REGISTRATIONS REQUIRED None PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS Activity Checklist attached. WORKING ENVIRONMENT Normal office environment. Must be flexible and able to work any hours as requested with some overtime. Must report to work in proper attire with TMH Photo ID. Must provide own transportation, may be required to travel between hospital campuses and offsite. No significant physical effort required.