Overview Exciting opportunity to work on significantly advancing and modernizing the software ecosystem of open-source static-analysis tools! The modernization effort will address various aspects of static analysis tools, ranging from adding new capabilities to improving user experience. It's not just about our own code, it's about taking other people's software apart and showing them what makes it tick. Responsibilities Under guidance of a principal investigator (PI), a software engineer on a research project will implement innovative prototypes to explore new approaches to problems in software engineering. A research-oriented software engineer is expected to: Study and implement approaches drawn from academic literature or in-house design Evaluate the resulting prototype implementation to test its value in addressing the research goals Report results to the PI and respond by adapting the prototype to better address research goals Contribute to presentations and written reports that keep research sponsors up to date on project progress Prepare prototypes for demonstrations and evaluations by research sponsors. Respond to any last-minute complications to ensure a smooth and successful evaluation Qualifications Required BS in computer science or equivalent Three (3) years or more of industry experience with a minimum of one year in machine learning Experience with applying machine learning techniques such as artificial neural networks, support vector machines, and cluster analysis Experience with implementing robust software using open source machine learning frameworks Ability to read advanced machine learning publications, and to judge and implement the key ideas Advanced software application development skills in C/C++ and Python Preferred MS or PhD in computer science. Experience with Bayesian or other machine learning, for example one or more of the following; TensorFlow, Support Vector Machines, Word2Vec, SciPy Knowledge of additional languages, such as Java, C, or Javascript Compiler design or static analysis About the Company Innovation is at the heart of GrammaTech, and we are constantly pushing the boundaries of software research and development–from software assurance and software integrity to cyber‐security, threat mitigation and autonomic computing. We develop new technologies and see the results of our research incorporated into tools used by engineers and security professionals worldwide. GrammaTech was founded in 1988, with the firmly‐grounded purpose of helping today’s organizations develop tomorrow’s software. With a focus on the evolving cyber‐security landscape, software hardening and intelligent systems, we tackle the most challenging software issues through a constant stream of highly innovative research and commercial development programs. Headquartered in the beautiful Finger Lakes Region of New York, we offer positions in Ithaca, NY and Madison, WI, as well as opportunities for remote employment. We offer a competitive salary and benefits package including health care plan options, a generous paid time off program, flexible hours, company‐sponsored employee pension plan, and opportunities for professional and personal development. _GrammaTech, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer._ _Members of underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply_