We live in a moment of remarkable change and opportunity that is cognitive computing. The convergence of data and technology is transforming industries, society, and even the workplace. CognitiveScale is looking for talent to drive market success by developing and applying new technologies to solve business problems that are important to our clients. CognitiveScale is looking for a Senior Technical Writer to work with our R&D; teams to write documentation for our cognitive business solutions, AIs, and supporting tools. This content is used by our own developers, our partners, and our customers. What you will do on the job: Write conceptual overviews, procedures, use cases, and reference guides for APIs, SDKs, and other developer tools Test the features that you document to ensure accuracy and completeness Review content produced by team members and revise for accuracy, clarity, and conciseness Plan the information architecture, user experience, and content strategy for new documentation sets Collaborate with developers, algorithmic scientists, NLP engineers, product managers, and solution engineers to develop and review content Contribute to the development and continuous improvement of documentation tools, standards, and processes Identify opportunities to automate documentation generation from the code base and other content sources Occasionally contribute to the development of training course content, including presentation materials, instructor guides, student guides, hands-on labs, classroom setup guides, and other related materials What you need to bring to the table: 5+ years experience writing documentation for developers Experience using, testing, and documenting APIs Experience writing or editing code samples to support documentation Experience using a source control system, like GitHub Familiarity with HTML, CSS, and Markdown Ability to take initiative, to be self-motivated, and to work effectively on multiple projects with minimal direct supervision Be ready to provide writing samples of work that makes you proud, including tutorials, documentation, or other customer-facing content What else will help: Experience managing content using a static site generator, like Hugo Familiarity with machine learning, AI, natural language processing, microservices, and cloud computing Experience working in an agile environment Experience with recording videos to enhance documentation CognitiveScale is an Equal Opportunity Employer. CognitiveScale does not discriminate against any applicant for employment because of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, veteran status, or disability. Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully: CognitiveScale is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please: no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at CognitiveScale via email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of CognitiveScale. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by CognitiveScale as a result of the referral or through other means.