I. SUMMARY STATEMENT Choice International is developing a best-in-class digital marketing organization to grow revenue to our proprietary channels including website, app and customer care centers. With state of the art technology, comprehensive internal and agency support and a leading strategy, we’re well on our way! But we’re seeking to expand the team with people who share our excitement for all things Digital, and who can challenge us to find new and innovative ways to grow our visibility in Search and beyond. As the Sr. Analyst Digital Acquisition, you are fully dedicated to driving performance from analyzing business performance and delivering actionable insights. This role requires an intellectually curious mind, constantly seeking new ways to understand the performance drivers of our digital acquisition programs, including Paid and Metasearch and Affiliate marketing. Your contributions will directly impact the tactical and strategic direction of our programs! II. ORGANIZATION Reports to Director, Digital Acquisition Marketing III. PRIMARY DUTIES AND ACCOUNTABILITIES Partnering with internal customers to perform and develop analyses in key digital acquisition channels such as Paid Search, Metasearch and Affiliate marketing, that lead to actionable insights and accelerate profitable growth. Prioritization and project management of test and learn agenda to ensure the team is constantly developing new insights and learn from previous tests. Develop role as subject matter expert in performance of digital marketing programs, having a strong pulse on changes to the digital landscape, industry as a whole and new ways to strengthen analytics practices. Enhance knowledge and learning center and develop communication plan to share with key internal stakeholders. Specifically, dive deeper into ad copy, keyword, placement opportunities and devise testing scenarios to prove out hypotheses. Lead POC’s and Beta development along with technical lead. Develop best-in-class internal reporting and dashboards. Continuously champion new technology to enhance digital measurement, including new tools, vendors and partnerships that are conducive to enhanced understanding of performance drivers. Proactively provide recommendations based on research and analysis on areas to improve website performance to increase visibility and drive additional revenue. Maintain and develop best-in-class testing methodologies to drive actionable insights from testing. IV. SKILLS, EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND AND EXPERIENCE Strong experience with web analytics tools required (Omniture/Google Analytics) Analytical, proactive and intellectually curious Self-starter and entrepreneurial spirit Direct experience either analyzing or managing digital performance marketing channels such as Search Marketing, Display and Social media Experience with data visualization and BI platforms such as Tableau or Domo is preferred Advanced proficiency with Microsoft Excel Ability to succinctly present and communicate complex findings in front of small and large audiences Working experience in travel and hospitality preferred but not required Must be able to uphold Choice's Values & Performance Principles of accountability, collaboration, performance excellence, sense of urgency, innovation, inclusion & diversity, integrity & trust, customer focus, and respect.