Duties Summary DOL seeks to attract and retain a high performing and diverse workforce in which employees' differences are respected and valued to better meet the varying needs of the diverse customers we serve. DOL fosters a diverse and inclusive work environment that promotes collaboration, flexibility and fairness so that all individuals are able to participate and contribute to their full potential. This position is located within the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL), Office of Workers' Compensation Programs (OWCP), Division of Federal Employees’ Compensation (DFEC), Branch of Program Integrity, Fraud Prevention & Prescription Management (PIFPPM). The mission of DFEC is to administer the Federal Employees’ Compensation Act (FECA) (5 U.S.C. § 8101 et. seq.) by developing and adjudicating new claims for benefits, managing ongoing claims, authorizing and paying medical and compensation benefits to injured works and survivors, and helping injured employees return to work when they are able to do so. Reporting to the Program Integrity Branch Chief, the purpose of this position is to serve as a Worker’s Compensation Claims Examiner specializing in the development, authorization, adjudication of medical treatment requests to include pharmaceuticals such as opioids and compounded medications, and verification of continuing entitlement to benefits for injured workers receiving benefits under the FECA. This position is at the full performance level Relocation expenses are not authorized Additional selections may be made from this vacancy announcement Incumbent will be required to obtain the appropriate investigative/security level required This position is inside the bargaining unit Responsibilities Independently examines and adjudicates medical treatment requests, which include letters of medical necessity (LMN) for opioid medication, compounded medication, and compound opioid medication prescribed for a full-range of traumatic injuries and occupational illnesses, to determine if the evidence is sufficient to provide authorization. Significant complexity exists related to the appropriateness of treatment and impact on the injured worker’s ability to work both in the short- and long-term. Working closely with medical professionals and the employer, the incumbent conducts research, analyzes the best treatment options, and issues a determination outlining the rationale for that treatment. Independently examines and adjudicates a wide variety of treatment options when the injured worker has been receiving opioids or other medication on a long-term basis and is dependent, which includes Medication-Assisted Treatment and addiction treatment programs. Significant complexity exists related to the appropriateness of treatment to include utilization of Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs, which vary from State to State, evaluation of non-opioid therapies, compliance with drug testing, and monitoring programs and opioid dependency risk. To prevent health care fraud, the incumbent independently identifies potential conflict of interests or medical red flags when the claimant’s treating physician prescribes outside of accepted medical guidelines. This involves extensively probing, requesting, and reviewing data associated with a claimant’s requested prescriptions, medical and medication history, pharmaceutical history, and additional evidence if treatment is outside of accepted guidelines and dosage limitations for opioids and other medications. Reviews audit reports generated by Program Integrity analysts or submitted by employing agencies or the Office of Inspector General (OIG) community that identify potential duplication in services, inadequate prescription oversight, potentially dangerous prescription habits, or areas of potential fraud. Identifies trends or problems through data analytics or referrals from OIG; reviews case files and determines relevance of information received; and uses sound judgment to make appropriate decisions based on facts that support or refute health care fraud allegations. Examines medical treatment requests for factual and medical sufficiency and legal correctness. Evaluates a wide variety of medical evidence (e.g., medical documents, medical reports, diagnostic reports, etc.) submitted in support of medication authorization requests. Medical opinions may be insufficient or inconclusive, and there are frequent conflicts in medical opinions or between medical opinions and other facts and evidence requiring the incumbent to probe, question, and obtain evidence prior to making a final decision. Determines the extent and nature of the work-related condition as it relates to the need for treatment. Recognizes potential consequential illnesses based on review of medical evidence or medical reports that demonstrate a possible relationship to an accepted condition. Initiates development and review of evidence to determine the facts for a claimant’s medical prescriptions and dosage, where appropriate. Conducts appropriate research and investigation to ensure that decisions are consistent with law, regulations, opinions of the Solicitor, Employees' Compensation Appeals Board decisions, procedural manuals, and previous policy decisions. Determines the period of time when the medication or medical treatment is payable. Contacts claimants and/or their representatives, physicians, and other medical providers to obtain missing or supplemental medical evidence to support an authorization request. Develops questions and defines issues for physicians in cases that involve the need for supplemental medical information, resolution of conflicting medical documentation, or medical authorization requests. Initiates referrals to second opinion and referee examiners, or for a records review by a District Medical Advisor, which includes preparing questions and a statement of accepted facts and reviewing returned medical reports to ensure the medical consultant has answered all questions posed for a decision-making. Provides assistance to claimants and/or their representatives on questions and issues surrounding medication and other medical services and/or treatments. Determines the need for, schedules, and conducts conferences to resolve controversial treatment issues with the treating physician, field nurse, claimant, and other medical providers and interested parties. Makes decisions on the controversial issue encountered during the conference, and prepares a memorandum of decision made as a result of the conference for incorporation into the official case record. Serves as a mentor with responsibility for training, advising, and assisting staff with less experience or knowledge. Travel Required Occasional travel - Occasional travel to attend meetings and/or training. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 12 Job family (Series) 0991 Worker's Compensation Claims Examining Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment U.S. Citizenship. Must be at least 16 years of age. Requires a probationary period if the requirement has not been met. Appointment to this position may require a background investigation. Applicants must meet all legal and regulatory requirements. Reference the "Required Documents" section for additional requirements. Qualifications IN DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE WILL NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE. To qualify for the GS-12 grade level , applicants must have 52 weeks of specialized experience at the next lower grade, GS-11. This experience may have been gained either in the Federal or Private sectors. Specialized experience is defined as experience: Independently applying statutes, regulations, precedents, and guides to claim cases Adjudicating disability claims and writing final decisions Experience processing requests for authorization of medical expenses Experience reviewing audit reports that identify potential duplication in services, inadequate prescription oversight, potentially dangerous prescription habits, or areas of potential fraud Identifies trends or problems through data analytics or referrals; reviews case files and determines relevance of information received; and uses sound judgment to make appropriate decisions based on facts that support or refute health care fraud allegations Working knowledge of medical terminology in order to correlate illnesses associated with the treatment prescribed by a treating physician or provider Education Education cannot be substituted for specialized experience at the GS-12 level. Additional information Refer to these links for more information: GENERAL INFORMATION , ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION , FORMER FEDERAL EMPLOYEES How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. If you meet the minimum qualifications, you will be evaluated against the evaluation factors below and will be placed into a category based on your vacancy question responses. Categories Category A - Meets the basic qualification requirements for the vacancy and has successful experience in the same or similar job that has demonstrated superior proficiency in applying critical competencies required by this position to work of increased levels of difficulty and complexity. Category B - Meets the basic qualification requirements for the vacancy and demonstrates satisfactory proficiency in the critical competencies required by this position. Category C - Meets the specialized experience described in the minimum qualifications requirements section of this announcement and demonstrates proficiency in the basic competencies. Evaluation Factors (Competencies) \- All qualified applicants will be evaluated on the following key competencies: Technical Competence - Uses knowledge that is acquired through formal training or extensive on-the-job experience to perform one's job; works with, understands, and evaluates technical information related to the job; advises others on technical issues. Legal, Government, and Jurisprudence - Knowledge of laws, legal codes, court procedures, precedents, legal practices and documents, Government regulations, Executive orders, agency rules, Government organization and functions, and the democratic political process. Decision Making - Makes sound, well-informed, and objective decision; perceives the impact and implications of decision; commits to action, even in uncertain situation, to accomplish organizational goals; causes change. Written Communication - Writes in a clear, concise, organized, and convincing manner for the intended audience. Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing. The information you provide may be verified by a review of your work experience and/or education, by checking references and through other means (ex. interview). The examining Human Resources Office (HRO) makes the final determination concerning applicant ratings. Your resume MUST provide sufficient information to substantiate your responses to the vacancy questions. If not, the HRO may amend your responses to more accurately reflect the level of competency indicated by the content of your resume. Your evaluation may also include a review by a Human Resources Specialist or panel and may include other assessments (ex. interview, panel review, written test, writing sample, etc.) INFORMATION FOR ICTAP/CTAP ELIGIBLES ONLY: If you are eligible for special priority selection under ICTAP/CTAP, you must be well-qualified for the position to receive consideration. ICTAP/CTAP eligibles who are placed into Category B or higher will be considered "well-qualified". Click Application of Veterans Preference for Category Rating Jobs for more information. To preview questions please click here . Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Q - Nonsensitive Drug test required No Required Documents Required Documents The following documents must be submitted by 11:59 p.m. (ET) on the vacancy closing date. Follow the instructions: click How To Submit Supplemental Documentation Document . You are not required to submit a document if it does not apply to you. Warning: If you submit a document using the same document title, the 2nd submission will OVERWRITE the 1st submission. Also, do not upload password protected documents. Veterans Documents (if applicable): To be considered as a 5-point preference eligible, you must submit a copy of your Certificate of Release or Discharge From Active Duty, DD214. Your DD-214 must show the type of discharge and dates of active duty. To claim 10-point preference, you must submit a copy of your DD214; an Application for 10-point Veteran's Preference, SF15; and the proof of entitlement of this preference which is normally an official statement, dated 1991 or later, from the Department of Veterans Affairs certifying to the present existence of the service-connected disability and indicating the percentage of your disability. (For active duty service members expecting honorable or general discharge or release within 120 days, click Active Duty ). Without this documentation, you will not receive veteran's preference. For more information, go to: http://www.fedshirevets.gov/hire/hrp/vetguide/index.aspx Displaced Employee Placement Documents – Only required if requesting priority consideration under CTAP or ICTAP eligibility. Cover Letters are not mandatory and will not be used to verify experience, but may be submitted Applicants selected for employment who are not current DOL employees will be required to provide proof of citizenship , and the E-Verify system will be used to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires. If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education . Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits . Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.