JOB SUMMARY The Project Management Office (PMO) Analyst will serve as a key interface between the IT department, business users, and the Enterprise Project Governance (EPG) team. This individual will assist in the system configuration and compilation of project data for automating project reporting. This individual will provide project server tool guidance, assist end users in resolving project server issues, and configure the security structure. The PMO Analyst will be responsible for developing and maintaining system documentation and user training guides. The role will facilitate regular PMO meetings. For example, small project review and prioritization and bi-weekly project review meetings. The PMO Analyst may also assist the team in various tasks, such as presentation development and the coordination and set up of vendor meetings and demonstrations. This position requires interpersonal and collaboration skills, working knowledge of project management practices, and the ability to establish and maintain strong and effective working relationships with peers, stakeholders, and vendors. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Relative Weight (in %; all functions’ total should = 100%) Essential Function Description 50% MS Project Server/Project Online Administration Configure system based on custom needs Create workflows to support and drive business needs. Assist users with issues/problems within the application. Edit and upload documentation to SharePoint sites. Set up and/or maintain the security structure, security groups, and security templates. Interpret user’s scheduling requirements to determine different enterprise objects needed to be created within the system. Serves as a point of escalation for end user support needs. Provide daily maintenance of the system Support project managers with creation and maintenance of project schedules. Configure system to automate reporting using Power BI and other specialized applications. Serve as the Sharepoint Administrator for the IT Solutions Delivery team. Serve as the Intranet Content Steward for the IT Solutions Delivery team. 30% Documentation and Reporting Produce, analyze, and distribute various project reports and dashboards. Maintain document library. Ensure project documentation is completed and archived before project closure. Extract recommendations to improve future projects and work with management to implement improvements as directed. Assist in the development and revision of project standards and templates. May be asked to serve as project manager on smaller, simpler projects. 20% Project Coordination Coordinate project activities and ensure that the UFCU project management methodology is followed. Document project status. Partner with project team members to ensure appropriate communication to cross-functional teams occurs. Perform project ‘audits’ to ensure compliance with established methodology. Identify areas for possible improvement in the UFCU project management methodology. N/A Perform other duties as assigned. Adhere to all company policies, procedures and business ethics codes. Maintain strict adherence and compliance to all laws, rules, regulations, policies, procedures and internal controls specific to your role. QUALIFICATIONS Education Bachelor's degree preferredHigh school diploma or equivalent required. Experience Minimum three (3) years of project support experience required. Minimum three (3) years of reporting experience required. MS Project Server or Project Online admin experience Knowledge of Sharepoint or other document archival software is preferred. Coordination of project activities across a broad range of functions and departments. Strong knowledge of Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Microsoft Project, Project Server/Project Online, Power BI or other BI software. Strong communication skills (written, verbal, and listening). Specialized Knowledge, Licenses, Certifications, etc. Demonstrated excellence in MS project server/project online administration experience. Demonstrated excellence in Power BI or other Business Intelligence application experience. Demonstrated excellence in providing superb customer service. Excellent analytical skills. Must be bondable. PMI certification preferred (e.g. PMP, CAPM, PMI-SP)