Primary Location: United States,Texas,Irving Education: Bachelor's Degree Job Function: Technology Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Employee Status: Regular Travel Time: Yes, 10 % of the Time Job ID: 18049201 Description The Big Data & Analytics Product Manager will contribute in the platform & product strategy, roadmap, and go-to-market offerings with focus on containerization, hybrid cloud, and advance analytics capabilities. The candidate should have experience with Big Data technologies, and working knowledge of Containerization, Cloud technologies, and Advanced Analytics capabilities. Responsibilities: Contribute and execute on the overall platform strategy, architecture and feature roadmap for Citi’s Big Data Platform. Leverage containerization technologies to decouple storage and compute for data and analytics use cases. Work on hybrid cloud strategy, evaluation and adoption efforts to build a public cloud adoption roadmap for Big Data Platform. Focus on enabling advance analysis and machine learning frameworks including use of new compute options like Graphical Processing Units (GPU) for deep learning capabilities on Big Data Platform. Qualifications 5+ years of hands-on knowledge of the Big Data technologies – Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Impala, HBase, Cloudera Manager, Sqoop, Flume, Pig, etc. Hands on working experience with one or more Hadoop distribution from Cloudera, Hortonworks, or MapR. Understanding of container technologies like Docker, OpenShift, Mesos, Blue Data, etc. Experience with one of the major programming/scripting languages like Java, PHP, Python, etc. Knowledge of private and public cloud technologies including some working experience of one or more major public Cloud service provides – Amazon, Microsoft, Google, or IBM. Understanding of analytics concepts, tools, and model development life cycle. Experience with analytical techniques and software such as R, Python, H2O, etc. Any experience with Object Store like S3, software based block storage, etc. Experience with data wrangling tools and BI and reporting technologies – Paxata, MicroStrategy, Cognos, Datameer, Tableau, etc. Understanding of data life cycle – data acquisition, data quality management, data governance, and metadata management. Experience in large scale data warehouse implementations and knowledge of ETL technologies like Talend, AbInitio, etc. Experience with enterprise architecture, high availability, fail-over, disaster recover planning and implementations. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Capable of building, articulating, and presenting new ideas to technical, non-technical, and business communities. Education and experience: Minimum bachelor degree required, master degree preferred 6 to 10 years of experience in relevant technologies.