The Data Warehousing Research Manager will manage the clinical research data warehouse for the Cook County Health & Hospitals System (CCHHS). Responsible for database and data mart design, managing clinical research data extraction, transformation, and loading. Populates and monitors several Microsoft SQL Servers to ensure the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of data stored while delivering reports, datasets, and data marts to the CCHHS research community. Works collaboratively with the Collaborative Research Unit (CRU) team and Business Intelligence. Shares all work products with team members either through an open source platform, or by revealing the source code and processes to team members. Typical Duties Responsible for the architecture, design and development of a clinical research data warehouse – managing Extract Transform Load (ETL)/Data Warehousing (DW)/Business Intelligence (BI) administration. Creates secure data marts (CAPriCORN, Oncology, HIV) extracted from different hospital’s electronic medical records (EMR), BI’s Educational Data Warehouse (EDW), transformed to meet reporting needs, and loaded into CCHHS’ SQL servers. Executes data management activities including but not limited to, coordination of collection, storage, processing, analysis, and dissemination of data. Implements and monitors data quality control measures (backup systems, disaster recovery, and Quality Assurance (QA) mechanisms) that guarantee the integrity, availability, reliability, and accuracy of the data. Builds advanced SQL queries to extract data-sets from a clinical data warehouse to support the hospital’s research activities. Generates reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS). Plans and conducts structured testing of database designs to confirm functionality and performance. Automates the maintenance of data with T-SQL, stored procedures, jobs, scripts, and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages. Maximizes the performance of the databases by using proper techniques of slicing and indexing. Participates in project investigator’s meetings and makes recommendations on quality management issues and concerns. Maintains the data information systems on a daily basis to include operation of data servers, inspection and maintenance of network hardware and software. Trouble-shooting network, hardware, and software problems, data transfer activities and appropriate back up of data; and installs, tests and implements database management systems and upgrades. Develops, implements and maintains complex data models and logical database designs. Documents the architecture and maintains data dictionaries for data marts. Parses and processes Health Level Seven International (HL7) messages. Performs other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited college or university in computer science or related field (official transcripts required at time of interview) Five (5) years of experience designing and building databases with three (3) years of experience in a healthcare environment Proficiency with the following: MIRTH Software HL7 protocol SQL queries Microsoft SQL Server Administration Automation of SQL server database jobs (SSRS & SSIS) One (1) year of experience mapping the following vocabularies: SNOMED, LOINC, NDC, RxNORM One (1) year of experience working with PCORNET, CRN VDW, OMOP Common Data Models Prior experience as a technical leader on multicenter health care data integration projects Preferred Qualifications Current experience with Script Programming Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Other Characteristics Willingness to share ideas and code Strong interpersonal skills Detail-oriented Ability to work with a diverse group of users, including clinicians, researchers and administrators VETERAN PREFERENCE PLEASE READ When applying for employment with the Cook County Health & Hospitals System, preference is given to honorably discharged Veterans who have served in the Armed Forces of the United States for not less than 6 months of continuous service To take advantage of this preference a Veteran must: Meet the minimum qualifications for the position. Identify self as a Veteran on the employment application by answering yes to the question by answering yes to the question, “Are you a Military Veteran?” Attach a copy of their DD 214, DD 215 or NGB 22 (Notice of Separation at time of application filing. Please note: If you have multiple DD214s, 215s, or NGB 22S, Please submit the one with the latest date. Coast Guard must submit a certified copy of the military separation from either the Department of Transportation (Before 9/11) or the Department of Homeland Security (After 9/11). Discharge papers must list and Honorable Discharge Status. Discharge papers not listing an Honorable Discharge Status are not acceptable OR A copy of a valid State ID Card or Driver’s License which identifies the holder of the ID as a Veteran, may also be attached to the application at time of filing. If items are not attached, you will not be eligible for Veteran Preference VETERANS MUST PROVIDE ORIGINAL APPLICABLE DISCHARGE PAPERS OR APPLICABLE STATE ID CARD OR DRIVER’S LICENSE AT TIME OF INTERVIEW. BENEFITS PACKAGE Medical, Dental, and Vision Coverage Basic Term Life Insurance Pension Plan Deferred Compensation Program Paid Holidays, Vacation, and Sick Time You may also qualify for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program (PSLF) For further information on our excellent benefits package, please click on the following link: http://www.cookcountyrisk.com/ _MUST MEET ALL REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS AT TIME OF APPLICATION FILING._ Degrees awarded outside of the United States with the exception of those awarded in one of the United States’ territories and Canada must be credentialed by an approved U. S. credential evaluation service belonging to the National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) or the Association of International Credential Evaluators (AICE). Original credentialing documents bust be presented at time of interview. Please note all offers of Employment are contingent upon the following conditions: satisfactory professional & employment references, healthcare and criminal background checks, appropriate licensure/certifications and the successful completion of a physical and pre-employment drug screen. CCHHS is strictly prohibited from conditioning, basing or knowingly prejudicing or affecting any term or aspectof County employment or hiring upon or because of any political reason or factor. COOK COUNTY HEALTH & HOSPITALS SYSTEM IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYEE 00119802