We are looking for the right people — people who want to innovate, achieve, grow and lead. We attract and retain the best talent by investing in our employees and empowering them to develop themselves and their careers. Experience the challenges, rewards and opportunity of working for one of the world’s largest providers of products and services to the global energy industry. Promotes and encourages safety and service quality. Under broad direction, promotes service excellence and customer satisfaction by providing training and guidance to individuals engaged in front line service work. Reviews performance data to identify trends and opportunities for performance improvement. Implements standardization of process across multiple geographies aimed at promoting better service quality. Promotes and monitors the use of the Halliburton Management System (HMS). Monitors Key Performance Indicators of individual accounts to ensure alignment and delivery of service expectations. Assists employees with training and competency. Trains and mentors employees engaged in front line service work. Coordinates and assists with the Correction, Prevention, and Improvement (CPI) process for Multi-Chem Product Service Line (PSL). Investigates and performs follow-up activities on unplanned events and/or jobs. Conducts service quality incident investigations. May assist in investigating HSE accidents, injuries and incidents within assigned Multi-Chem Product Service Line (PSL). Interfaces and works effectively with Service Coordinators, District Service Managers, Country Managers and Region PSL Managers pursuant to service quality execution. Skills are typically acquired through completion of an undergraduate degree in a science, technology, engineering or math discipline and 3-5 years of experience in oilfield operations. Halliburton is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Location 15865 Intl Plaza Dr 200, Houston, Texas, 77032-2594, United States Job Details Requisition Number: 61078 Experience Level: Experienced Hire Job Family: Operations Product Service Line: Multi-Chem Full Time / Part Time: Full Time Additional Locations for this position: