Technology Opportunities in Gilbert, AZ Are you an experienced, passionate pioneer in technology – a solutions builder, a roll-up-your-sleeves technologist who wants a daily collaborative environment, think-tank feel and share new ideas with your colleagues - without the extensive demands of travel? If so, consider an opportunity with our US Delivery Center – we are breaking the mold of a typical Delivery Center. Our US Delivery Centers have been growing since 2014 with significant, continued growth on the horizon. Interested? Opportunities are available in the following areas: Core Business Operations _Cloud Engineering_ Our Cloud Engineering team focuses on enabling our client’s end-to-end journey from On-Premise to Cloud, with opportunities in the areas of: Cloud Strategy, Op Model Transformation, Cloud Development, Cloud Integration & APIs, Cloud Migration, Cloud Infrastructure & Engineering, and Cloud Managed Services. We help our clients see the transformational capabilities of Cloud as an opportunity for business enablement and competitive advantage. _Operations Transformation_ Our Operations Transformation team focuses on transforming our clients’ core business operations. We advise, design, implement, and deploy solutions focused on “heart of the business” issues in specific sectors including Health Care, Banking & Securities, Insurance, and Energy & Resources. The type of work we provide to our clients includes Operations Excellence, Payment & Care Model Innovation and Emerging Business Models. _Sector Packages_ Our Sector Packages practice encompasses industry vertical, sector specific solutions that leverage distinct technologies to drive operational change and automate the core of the business. Examples of the type of work we deliver to our clients includes Digital CARE (Epic), Insurance CST (Guidewire), and Digital Banking Solutions (nCino). _Systems Engineering_ Our Systems Engineering team delivers large-scale software applications and integrated systems, and assists clients with architecture design, assessment and optimization, and definition. We develop service-oriented architecture (SOA) and other integration solutions to enable information sharing and management between business partners and disparate processes and systems, and we deliver technology enablement to support CIO services transformation. Customer & Marketing _Customer Strategy & Applied Design_ Our Customer Strategy & Applied Design team focuses on helping clients discover, design, and prototype customer growth strategies and innovation portfolios to create and drive change in a digital world. We bring knowledge and offerings to uncover the behaviors, motivations and preferences of our clients’ customers and develop new experiences for them. Our team of professionals has deep capabilities in strategy, customer experience, digital strategy and innovation. _Commercial Excellence & Experience_ Our Commercial Excellence & Experience team focuses on designing and implementing sales and service experiences, capabilities, and architectures to bring customer strategies to life. Our ambition is to be the best in the world at driving customer transformation through the development of clever commercial strategies, distinctive experiences, and the application of digital technologies. We help make the “creative digital consultancy” real and in doing so, make new markets. _Advertising, Marketing & Commerce_ Our Advertising, Marketing & Commerce team focuses on delivering marketing and growth objectives aligned with our clients’ brand values for measurable business growth. We do this by creating content, communications, and experiences that engage and inspire their customers to act. We implement and operate the technology platforms that enable personalized content, commerce and marketing user-centric experiences. In doing so, we transform our clients’ marketing and engagement operations into modern, data-driven, creatively focused organizations. Our team brings deep experience in creative and digital marketing capabilities, many from our Digital Studios. _Human Services Transformation_ Our Human Services Transformation team works to help transform how our Government and Public Services clients deliver their services to customers across a variety of channels such as walk-in, mail-in, call center, and self- service applications. Enterprise Operations _Enterprise Technology_ Our Enterprise Technology (EnTech) team works with clients to transform their technology delivery by collaborating with CIOs, Technology Executives, and their teams. Together we work to establish IT operating models based on the implications of next generation and advanced technologies, new and evolving service models for technology, and the operational expectations of an organization. _Oracle Enterprise Solutions (OES)_ Our Oracle Enterprise Solutions practice provides services from ERP and Cloud Strategy, through Business Transformation and Applications Implementation, to Operate and Cloud Release Management. We modernize our client’s business and core environments to leverage technology innovations around Cloud, Digital, Mobility and Social Collaboration. _Supply Chain Networks_ Our Supply Chain Networks team helps clients transform their value chains into competitive weapons. We drive efficiency, improve flexibility, and increase responsiveness through proactive insights and decision-making. We advise, implement, and operate transformational solutions that bring world-class supply network and operational capabilities to our clients. _Finance & Enterprise Performance_ Our Finance & Enterprise Performance team works as a trusted advisor to CFOs, COOs, CIOs, and key executives. We advise, implement and deliver as-a-service solutions, helping our clients develop strategies and capabilities to support enterprise-wide decision-making, improve finance operations, and create impact within their organization. _SAP_ Our SAP team focuses on design, implementation, and on-going operations and maintenance of SAP applications and technology. Professionals will have hands- on access and exposure to the latest technologies and thought leaders. _ERP SaaS_ Our ERP SaaS team focuses on implementing cloud based ERP applications such as Workday Financials, Infor, and Zoura. This unique mix of technologies differentiate themselves from on-premise / cloud applications such as SAP and Oracle. Human Capital _Human Resources Transformation_ The HR Transformation team is a core component of our Human Capital practice – the work we do supports the five major issues our clients are facing. We collaborate with our clients to develop leading global HR strategies and support organizations in achieving excellence through implementing solutions that transform how they organize, develop capabilities, deploy leading technology, and deliver a leading employee experience. _Organization Transformation_ The Organization Transformation practice is about transforming the organization (and the benefits providers that serve them) to support its business strategy. This involves helping our clients move from where they are today to where they need to be in the future. It could include changing the organization’s culture, modernizing specific functions, re-designing the organization structure, and will require a combination of change management actions to execute the transformation. To enable our success, it will be critical to use data and insights to inform better ways of working together. _Workforce Transformation_ The Workforce Transformation practice delivers solutions to help our clients transform their workforces and workplaces for business success in this era of technology disruption. We deliver solutions to enable our clients’ success in creating the very best workforce to achieve their business aspirations - providing end-to-end workforce lifecycle solutions. _Human Capital As-A-Service_ The Human Capital As-A-Service Asset Group brings together our products and capabilities into one integrated offering to create sustained relationships with our clients. Human Capital’s Asset group will continue to evaluate and incorporate new products and operate services in our portfolio as we grow. We will help clients navigate the future through creative human capital products. Strategy & Analytics _Strategy_ Our Strategy practice brings together several key capabilities that will allow us to architect integrated programs that transform our clients’ businesses, including Corporate & Business Unit Strategy, Technology Strategy & Insights, Enterprise Model Design, Enterprise Cloud Strategy and Business Transformation. _Analytics & Cognitive_ In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment. The Analytics & Cognitive team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. Together with the Strategy practice, our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting organizational intelligence programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets. _Hybrid Solutions + Incubation_ Our Hybrid Solutions and Incubation team is responsible for developing, managing and operating a suite of data-powered solutions that address our clients’ most complex business issues within the Strategy & Analytics space. By combining design thinking with science on a cloud-based platform, we give decision makers at every level of the organization fast, cost-effective access to actionable information. In addition to developing new IP, the team is responsible for incubating new businesses, specifically focused on As-A-Service businesses; we help these businesses gain market traction and scale them into the broader practice. As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.