About the Team Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is a multi-channel specialty retailer of products for the home. The Company operates in two segments: direct-to-customer and retail. The direct-to-customer segment has seven merchandising concepts (Williams- Sonoma, Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, PBTeen, West Elm, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham) which sell its products through its seven e-commerce Websites and eight direct-mail catalogs. The retail segment has five merchandising concepts (Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, West Elm and Rejuvenation) which sells products through its retail stores. A Little Bit About Us... You will be a key part of the Product team that is responsible for conceptualizing, designing and optimizing the customer experience and business technology innovations that drive Williams-Sonoma Inc.'s industry leading multi-channel retail business. You'll be working with amazing peers, cutting edge technologies and deep resources to help push the boundaries of product innovation. About the Job... @ WSI Tech we strive to create an empowered, lean, fast paced delivery culture that is highly responsive to customer needs and tuned to driving optimal outcomes. We are looking for a rockstar to help drive our Product organization towards that end - focusing specifically on the Pottery Barn brand digital experience as well as leading our cross-brand Innovation Labs team. Within the Pottery Barn brand, we are looking for a leader that can embed themselves within the business and bring expertise around product, user experience design, technology, analytics and e-commerce together to optimize the end-to-end PB digital experience. You'll be working with your product team, technology peers as well as brand partners representing e-commerce, merchandizing, inventory and other teams. On any given day, you'll be helping to optimize merchandizing strategies, drive multi-variate tests of experience improvements, deliver major new functionality to PB customers and the business and serve as an overall e-commerce user experience expert for the brand. You and your team will be accountable for driving measurable growth and improvements to PB digital. You'll also be leading our Innovation Labs team, focusing on tests and proof- of-concepts around emerging technology areas to help develop product strategies and feed the overall cross-brand product roadmap across other product teams. In the short term, you and your team will be experimenting with conversational commerce, artificial intelligence / machine learning, augmented/virtual reality, new mobile capabilities and other emerging areas. Over time that list will adapt as new trends development and new tech capabilities arrive to the market. You are your team will be working at an incredibly fast pace, proving out new concepts in weeks, not months, and feeding those learnings into the broader product roadmap for scaled productionalization. Our ideal candidate will be a data savvy product rockstar that works at a lightning pace to drive results and learnings. You'll need to be well connected to emerging e-commerce and technology trends and have the foresight and judgement to separate "shiny object" from truly impactful and disruptive opportunities. And you'll need the technical depth to work closely with engineering partners to deliver on these opportunities. We want a leader that cares about impact over team size and can be a culture carrier for technology innovation within the company. We think you should be excited about this opportunity because you will... Work on initiatives of incredible opportunity and scale. Directly see how your ideas and efforts positively impact the experience of our customers and growth of our business. Work in a truly data-driven environment. We practice what we preach. Work at the pace and excitement of a start-up with the resources of a $5 billion company. Be treated like an entrepreneur and expected to bring innovative ideas to the table and execute them to completion. Work with a world-class team with a history of success and reputation for excellence. Why you will love working at Williams-Sonoma, Inc. We're a successful, fast-growing company with a entrepreneurial vibe A technologically and data-driven business Competitive salaries and comprehensive health benefits We're at the forefront of tech and retail, redefining technology for the next generation We're passionate about our internal and external clients and live/breathe the client experience We get to be creative on a daily basis A smart, experienced leadership team that wants to do it right and is open to new ideas We get a killer discount on our amazing products We believe in autonomy and reward taking initiative We have fun! SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE: Bachelor's Degree at a minimum 10-15+ years of experience in the Product and Digital space A deep understanding of the Retail industry and how to apply technology to solve real retail problems Expertise in user experience design best practices Expertise in the Home Furnishings vertical Experience building and managing a large-scale innovation/experimentation program Deep understanding of emerging user behavior and technology trends Ability to translate data into analysis into insights into actions Strong communication skills and ability to influence without authority Deep people management/coaching experience A positive attitude, strong work ethic and high bar for quality _This role is not eligible for Visa sponsorship or relocation assistance._