Machine Learning Engineer _About the Role…_ Logic20/20 is seeking a Machine Learning Engineer who will be part of a team that leads the way in bringing artificial intelligence and machine learning into the very processes and systems that impact how customers are served. This is an exciting opportunity to make an impact with a Fortune 500 telecommunications company by leveraging AI and ML techniques to create production level systems through application of machine learning models. Core Responsibilities Work with data scientists to take proof-of-concept models and implement them in production systems Design systems that work at scale and successfully handle customer load Develop software to help extract data and create features around it Contribute to the team with software best practices—this is especially important given the fast pace nature of the work _About You:_ You’re passionate about finding solutions to deep technical problems You have knowledge of professional enterprise software development and practices including software lifecycle, best coding practices, version control, architecture, testing and deployment You have experience in prototyping machine learning models on data from multiple data sources with many distinct attributes You have experience in taking proof-of-concept machine learning models and figuring out how to deploy them into production You have familiarity with popular machine learning libraries and frameworks (tensorflow, keras, etc.) You are proficient at either R or Python, and comfortable with object-oriented and programming languages (particularly Java) Qualifications Degree in Computer Science or Related Field _About Us…_ Logic20/20 is one of Seattle’s fastest growing full-service consulting firms. Our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency in complex solutions. Although we make it look like magic, we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. Our rapid growth is in response to our ability to deliver consistently for our clients, which is directly related to the quality of the people we hire. The past two years, we’ve been in the top 10 “Best Companies to Work For”. Our team members are highly self-motivated, comfortable conceiving strategies on the fly, and enjoy working both individually and as part of a team. Our environment is very high-energy and demanding, and individuals with remarkable enthusiasm and a can-do attitude are joining our team. We have lots of fun, focus on our employees and our clients, and work to bring our best to every opportunity. _Compensation & Benefits_ We offer competitive compensation, medical, dental, vision and basic life insurance. One of the most important benefits is the opportunity to work in an incredibly exciting and rapidly growing firm. The best part is that we are a group of highly dedicated and competent professionals that deliver results and have fun along the way.