Summary As the only county in the United States named after Martin Luther King Jr, one of the most influential civil rights leaders in our nation's history, King County is a vibrant community with residents that represent countries from around the world. It is a region with increasing diversity that cherishes the artistic and social traditions of many cultures. Together, we're changing the way government delivers service and winning national recognition as a model of excellence. We continue to build on an enduring legacy of shared values of equity and social justice, employee engagement, innovative thinking and continuous improvement. With this commitment, King County has adopted a pro-equity agenda aimed at advancing regional change and is developing the systems and standards necessary to achieve better outcomes for all of our residents, regardless of their race or income. All of these qualities make this King County one of the nation's best places to live, work and play. As articulated by Executive Dow Constantine, "We can and must be... an oasis of optimism and creativity...and a beacon to people around the world". King County's goal is to be the best-run government in the nation. As we take public service to a new level, we are creating an innovative workplace where our employees can develop and thrive and exceed the expectations of the people of King County. King County is seeking an experienced, dynamic and motivated professional to serve as a Disability Services Consultant within King County's Disability Services Program. The Disability Services Consultant will collaborate and work with management, human resources and employees, to facilitate the interactive process to identify and provide reasonable accommodations for King County employees with medical restrictions. This position will provide highly specialized assistance to King County management and employees regarding disability related matters, supporting return-to-work efforts for employees with temporary or permanent disabilities, and must effectively balance promoting employee interests along with King County Departmental operational needs. In our work, we embrace King County's commitment to continuous improvement, seeking to identify ways to improve our customers' experiences (employees and business units). We are committed to delivering service with professionalism, care, and sensitivity, ensuring we honor King County's commitment to Equity and Social Justice in our work. WHO MAY APPLY: This position is open to all qualified applicants. Career service members of Teamsters, Local 117 P &T; will receive first consideration. UNION MEMERSHIP: This position is represented by Teamsters Local 117 Professional and Technical. REQUIRED MATERIALS: An online employment application , completed at www.kingcounty.gov/jobs, with employment history going back at least ten years if you have ten years of employment (or more to include all relevant experience), a resume, and cover letter that explains what interests you about this position and what skills and experience you bring to the position. WORK SCHEDULE: This position is exempt from the provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act, and is not overtime eligible. The workweek is normally Monday through Friday 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Core business hours of the program are Monday through Friday from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. CONTACT INFORMATION: For questions regarding this recruitment, please contact Lisa D. Longdon at lisa.longdon@kingcounty.gov or (206) 477-3258 Job Duties Conduct and monitor placement of temporarily disabled and/or injured employees into alternative work assignments through King County's Return-to-Work Programs. Work with employees, Department and Division management, Human Resources staff, and health care providers to facilitate the interactive process; research, identify and recommend reasonable accommodations. Facilitate the reassignment of employees who can no longer perform the essential functions of their King County position due to a disability but are released to work in another capacity. Coordinate medical separations and medical resignations. Review and analyze medical information, essential job functions and employee records. Communicate with health care providers to identify and clarify medical and work restrictions. Maintain comprehensive and complete case notes in database for assigned groups (department, division, and program), preserving confidentiality of case information. Ensure departments document accommodations that are provided to employees. Prepare written correspondence to health care providers, attorneys and employees. Assist departments with drafting relevant employment communications and documentation. Provide consultative services to management regarding federal, state and local disability laws in collaboration with the King County Prosecuting Attorney's Office. Provide education and training to King County management and employees regarding Disability Services related program information, leaves and reasonable accommodation. May identify external vendors and resources for service referrals. Experience, Qualifications, Knowledge, Skills A minimum of 3 years of experience facilitating the interactive process to identify and provide reasonable accommodations for employees with disabilities, including the coordination of medical leaves and facilitation of medical separations. A minimum of 3 years of experience interacting with employees who may have a variety of physical, psychiatric, sensory and/or cognitive disabilities, and their treatment providers. Advanced knowledge and experience interpreting federal, state and local leave and disability laws and statutes in an employment setting. Effective interpersonal skills including conflict resolution, problem solving, and promoting collaboration. Ability to adapt communication style to various situations that involve meetings with management, human resource personnel, clients and other relevant stakeholders. Ability to think creatively and analytically around reasonable accommodations and to successfully anticipate, recognize and resolve problems. Strong time management skills and the ability to complete tasks on time under tight deadlines. Advanced written communications skills with attention to detail and the ability to maintain documentation and follow procedures in accordance with established standards. Experience in the design and implementation of disability and leave training to various levels of employees within an organization. Working knowledge of industrial insurance. _The following are desirable qualifications:_ A Bachelors' degree and have a Professional Human Resource designation (SPHR, PHR, SHRM-CP, or IPMA-HR), and/or a national certification as a Rehabilitation Counselor (CRC) or Disability Management Specialist (CDMS). Knowledge of benefits programs related to persons with disabilities is highly desirable. Experiencing working in a public sector and unionized environment preferred. Necessary Special Requirements: The incumbent must possess a valid state driver's license, or provide evidence of the ability to report to multiple work sites not accessible by public transportation. Supplemental Information Application Process Applicants should complete the online application, and attach or paste in your resume and attach a cover letter. Applicants who are unable to apply online should follow the instructions under Tips On Applying at www.kingcounty.gov/jobs If you need an accommodation in the recruitment process or an alternate format of this announcement, please inquire directly with the Human Resources contact for this job announcement. Selection Process Applicants will be screened for clarity, completeness, and competitiveness. The most competitive candidates may be invited to participate in one or more interviews. Reference checks will also be conducted. Oral Board Interview Timeframe: The oral board interview timeframe is provided below. Please note that dates are subject to change based on resource availability Oral board interviews for this recruitment are scheduled for Wednesday, September 12, 2018 and Thursday, September 13, 2018. Final interviews will be conducted on Wednesday, September 19, 2018 and Thursday, September 20, 2018.