Since 1851, MassMutual’s commitment has always been to help people protect their families, support their communities, and help one another. This is why we want to inspire people to Live Mutual. We’re people helping people. A career with us means you will work alongside exceptional people and be empowered to reach your professional and personal goals. Our employees are the foundation of what makes MassMutual a strong, stable and ethical business. We invite you to bring your bright, innovative ideas to MassMutual as we continue to help millions of Americans rely on each other. Together, we’re stronger. Description The Data Engineering Group is at the core of a broad and diverse data engineering community within MassMutual — members of the group are responsible for formal as well as informal influence on data architecture issues within this community of highly driven and top performing individuals. The Data Engineering Group is a team of world-class senior engineers and architects. The team supports the MassMutual community at the enterprise level, providing them with cutting edge software and data management solutions. All members of the team are committed to empowering data scientists with groundbreaking data and information systems tuned to enable and facilitate data analytics and machine learning to advance and transform MassMutual’s businesses. POSITION SUMMARY The MassMutual Data Engineering Group in the Customer Experience Organization is seeking an outstanding individual to be a member of the metadata management and governance team. The successful candidate will work with fellow engineers and enterprise stakeholders to develop a data model and metadata system including data registration, dataset cataloging and associated services to support data-driven systems aimed at transforming the insurance industry. The successful applicant will be expected to quickly learn new cutting-edge technologies, technical concepts, and complex problem spaces. Current projects include: 1.The design and implementation of the data catalog and metadata management system= 2.Design and develop data registration and search services, using REST, in Python, Java and Scala to provide data integration functionality for the diverse financial and life insurance data 3.Working closely with a team of highly skilled data engineers to help specify the interface definitions, and then develop those interfaces. 4.Working with the different company business unites to map and integrate disparate data from a variety of source systems 5.Support data ingest pipeline development from and to a variety database systems The applicant must possess a solid understanding of computer science fundamentals, including database fundamentals, distributed algorithms, data structures, and functional programing. Please note this position can be based in Boston, MA or Springfield, MA. RESPONSIBILITIES Work with a team to develop creative and scalable solutions to difficult technical problems Be self-supportive in collaborating with your peers to effectively deliver robust solution for the business Stay current on other trends and technologies in the field and be a force for disseminating that information throughout the organization Work with data scientists to architect and build systems that use Machine Learning Data Analysis techniques Develop reliable data pipelines that convert data into features that can be used to train machine learning models Analyze, characterize and understand data sources, participate in design discussions and provide guidance about database technology best practices Write tested, robust code that can be quickly moved into production Support data ingest pipeline development from and to a variety database systems, namely Vertica, PostgreSQL and upcoming database platforms Support-what-you-build, including performance tuning, automation of backup and recovery, database infrastructure system design and deployment automation BASIC QUALIFICATIONS 5 years of related hands-on experience building large scale software and data systems Bachelor’s degree Experience designing and implementing creative solutions to difficult data processing problems. Experience in building large scale database systems with emphasis on performance and near real-time data analytics Experience in Data Modeling and Database Design Experience with mainstream data base systems Strong communication and interpersonal skills Strong technical leadership skills Strong understanding and practice of agile software development processes Strong experience with Python Experience with distributed data processing and management systems Authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship now or in the future PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Advanced degree in Computer Science or relevant discipline is preferred Pluses: Experience in AWS cloud technologies and stack Experience with polyglot databases, NoSQL, RDBMS and other new SQL Experience with data mining techniques Experience in the insurance and financial industries Experience with Scala, Spark and Hadoop a big plus Experience with Vertica is strongly preferred Ranked No. 77 in the annual FORTUNE ® 500 Ranking (FORTUNE ® Magazine, June 2017) and recognized as a World’s Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere, MassMutual is guided by a single purpose: We help people secure their future and protect the ones they love. As a company owned by our policyowners, we are defined by mutuality and our vision to put customers first. It’s more than our company structure – it’s our way of life. We are a company of people protecting people. Our company exists because people are willing to share risk and resources, and rely on each other when it counts. At MassMutual, we Live Mutual. CORE VALUES Focus on the Customer: We understand our customers well and look for every opportunity to deliver an experience that is clear, easy, personal, human, empowering and trustworthy. Act with Integrity: We deliver on our promises by being open, honest and humble and by adhering to the letter and spirit of applicable laws, rules, regulations and company policies. Value People: We respect and learn from each other’s diverse backgrounds, experiences and ideas. We engage and develop people to their greatest potential. Work Collaboratively: We work together to achieve results by actively listening, seeking, understanding and creating solutions as a unified team driving toward one company, one culture, one brand. Achieve Results: We focus on winning by exceeding expectations and getting better – everyone, every day. For more information, visit www.massmutual.com or find us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Google+, Instagram and Pinterest. _MassMutual is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer Minority/Female/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Individual with Disability/Protected Veteran. We welcome all persons to apply._