New Tech Global Staffing is currently seeking a Geosteerer for one of our clients in the Houston, TX area. THIS IS A CONTRACT POSITION! Geosteer Onshore Unconventional wells using TerraVu, Petrosteer or other software to within 3’ of the prescribed stratigraphic window. Work directly with the Real Time Center DD’s to ensure wells are drilled in the targets. Work shifts of 2 weeks on/off 12 hours shifts and be available to work alternating day/night shifts. Must be able to follow standard work practices and decision matrices. Must have excellent communication skills and be comfortable elevating issues and having all problems visible. Support additional Geological projects by capturing and analyzing additional data, documenting processes and providing input to improve the standard work. Rotation is 14/14 with 12 hour days; alternate days and nights per 14 day hitch, change out time is 6 AM/6 PM. Qualifications Position: Real Time Center Geosteerer Asset: Bakken Schedule: 14 day rotation. 12 hour shifts. Rotating days and nights on alternative hitches. Crew changes are at 6:00 Reporting to: Lee Bartholomew, Team Lead Operations Geology Duties: Geosteer 4-6 drilling rigs simultaneously. Responsible for: Setting up Geosteering software. PetroSteer, StarSteer, SES or TerraVu Experience is a requirement. Landing and steering wells within 5’ of desired target Petra/Petrel experience is helpful, but not required. Must show a proficiency for doing hand calculations and spreadsheets for landing. Generating and Communicating target changes, Following standard formats and protocols. We have templates for almost everything. Preparing daily reporting materials, Once a day, a series of screenshots to prepare the Geologists and engineers for their morning meeting with the Rigs. Importing data, Linking to WITSML and troubleshooting data Issues. Troubleshooting software and computing issues. Interacting closely with Directional Drillers, Ops Geologists and Engineers. Providing direct communication to directional Drillers Provide information to and seek feedback from Operations Geologists about uncertainties or critical operations within a well. Presenting problems as Process improvement opportunities. Contribute to any lookbacks or after action reviews. Always being on time for the handover for your shift. Having a great attitude. Using any down time to provide process improvement. Strong Excell and outlook experience is a requirement.