Job Description This Information Technology position oversees support of the Immersive Visualization (Virtual Reality) Lab and engineering applications for the Houston office. Responsibilities include ability to: Primary Responsibilities of the role: Conduct Immersive Reviews & Audits Run Tours, Work with process partners to gather requirements for type of reviews and audits necessary. Load and prepare sessions using IC.IDO. Experience with effectively running various audits. Understanding of all advanced features present in the software (reflect, flexibles, variant sets, package, special track, etc.) Ability to Adapt and respond to questions from process partners as they arise during a review by using further functionality that originally planned and creating new simulations (On the fly data prep). Ability to effectively capture & document review results, share them with process partners and capture value and success stories. Ability to independently explore full feature set of the existing tools and leverage the functionality regularly for reviews and audits. Able to identify new applications of the technology and provide feedback to the research team. Coach and Mentor less experienced team members to grow skills in the area. Support Advanced knowledge of immersive visualization (virtual reality) systems including tracking hardware and software, projector operations, cluster setup and configuration and networking and synchronization. Ability to independently identify simple or frequently occurring software & hardware issues and provide a fix. Ability to reproduce and document software issues, work with less experience team members and gather necessary data for bug reporting. Process Partner Engagement Improve engagement by regular interaction with product groups to understand their current challenges and drive use of technology. Track all local new product introduction teams and customized review plan based on gateways. Engaged with all local product groups on a regular basis Engage New Groups Organize demonstrations for various use cases. Conduct design reviews with data from process partners to demonstrate applicability and issue capture. Secondary Responsibilities of the role: Software Development Learning and applying basic programming and scripting skills Manage Research Work with process partners to gather critical customer requirements. Ability to provide input for development of multi generation process plans. Knowledge Capture & Reuse Contribute to development of technical papers, training material and documentation created by other team members. Provide Training Provide training using existing training material on how to load data and conduct basic review and audits using an immersive system. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent 5 -10 years' experience in Information Technology Must have experience in application support and infrastructure support Very good communication skills, very good planning and organizational skills, and an ability to collaborate and work through issues. Candidate will be required to exercise good judgment in evaluating situations, making decisions, and applying strategies and procedures. Preferred Qualifications Support experience with the following engineering applications: AUTOCAD, NAVISWORKS MANAGE, Navisworks Simulate, AUTOCAD P&ID;, AUTOCAD PLANT 3D, Advanced Steel, Robot Structural Studio, 3DS MAX, Bentley AutoPlant Modeler, Bentley ProStructures, Bentley STAAD, MathCAD, Aspentech HySys, ETAP, Adobe, RISA 3D Experience merging 3D models utilizing CreoView, AutoCAD and NavisWorks 3D Basic understanding of immersive software, network setup, cluster configuration, 3D stereo modes, system integration, tracking and projection hardware. Can fix issues with the help from remote expert users. Ability to reproduce and document software issues and interface with experienced team members to have them resolved. Auto req ID 5589BR Location Houston Country United States State/Region/Province Texas Company Solar Turbines Incorporated Job Category Information Technology Minimum Education Level Bachelors Degree Minimum Years Experience 5 to 8 Shift 1st Shift Travel Requirements None to minimal Visa Eligibility Applicants must be currently eligible to work in the country in which this position is located. For information on employment eligibility in the United States, please visit the U.S. Immigration Services website. Relocation Eligibility This position does not qualify for relocation. Benefits Eligibility Solar Turbines offers a competitive compensation and benefits package including medical, dental, life insurance, vacation, 401k, incentive bonus, tuition reimbursement and professional development/advancement opportunities. Company Info Headquartered in San Diego, California, USA, Solar Turbines Incorporated, a subsidiary of Caterpillar Inc., is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of industrial gas turbines, with more than 15,000 units and over 2 billion operating hours in over 100 countries. Products from Solar Turbines play an important role in the development of oil, natural gas and power generation projects around the world. Solar Turbines’ products include gas turbine engines (rated from 1590 to 30,000 horsepower), gas compressors, and gas turbine-powered compressor sets, mechanical-drive packages and generator sets (ranging from 1 to 22 megawatts). Solar’s customers put the company’s products to work in many areas including production, processing and pipeline transmission of natural gas and crude oil and generation of electricity and thermal energy for processing applications, such as manufacturing chemicals, pharmaceuticals, and food products. Solar’s foundation is people and Solar’s culture is one where individual contributions are valued, diversity in the workplace is encouraged, and safety is emphasized in all aspects of the business. Solar Turbines is comprised of a dedicated and multi-talented workforce of more than 7,000 employees with decades of experience working as a global team. EOE Plus Solar Turbines is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Solar Turbines conducts Drug Screens and Background Checks.