Customer Care Specialist (Seasonal) - Seattle - 349999 This is a seasonal position to support customer demand during our Holiday Season. We are a specialty retailer offering the very best of what’s next in fashion from men, women and children since 1901. A LOT GOES INTO THAT TINY SHOPPING CART. Every day, our customer care team strives to ensure that our customers have great shopping experiences and receive the Nordstrom quality service, when they want it, and how they want it. Whether via phone, email, chat, or social media channels, our Customer Care team provides ‘round the clock support for Nordstrom, Nordstrom Rack, HauteLook and millions of Nordstrom card holders. . As a Customer Care Specialist… You will be the voice of Nordstrom, fielding real-time calls, e-mails and live chats from customers across the country. The Ideal Customer Care Specialist is caring and compassionate, enthusiastic, solutions-oriented and committed to providing outstanding Nordstrom customer service every day. Hours of Operation: 5:30am - 8:00pm Shifts: Full-time positions available with a set schedule, times will vary upon business need. _Schedule flexibility is required and expected._ Training: Monday - Friday for 3 weeks (required) Pay: $16.85/hr with incentive opportunities and an employee discount. Qualifications: 6 months experience with Customer Service preferred. Excellent telephone and written communication skills required. Ability to work a set schedule, with required overtime as business need. Flexibility during peak hours and severe weather. Able to work in a fast pace environment and demonstrate a high sense of urgency. Demonstrate conflict management skills and maintain a professional composure. Understanding of computer systems, with the ability to troubleshoot technical issues with minimal assistance. We’ve got you covered… We offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, vision and dental coverage, a fabulous merchandise discount, an employer-matched 401(k) plan, employee stock purchase plan and much more depending on your role. _We are an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a diverse environment._ This job description is intended to describe the general nature of the work employees can expect within this particular job classification. It is certainly not a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required for this job. care center contact center call center customer care phone work experience customer experience LI-MC1 Job : Customer Contact Center Date Posted : 08/03/2018, 3:31:39 PM Location : United States-Washington-Seattle