Who We Are We are the Metropolitan Council, the regional government for the seven-county Twin Cities metropolitan area. We plan 30 years ahead for the future of the metropolitan area and provide regional transportation, wastewater, and housing services. More information about us on our website. _We are committed to supporting a diverse workforce that reflects the communities we serve._ Metropolitan Council Environmental Services (MCES) operates and maintains 600 miles of regional sewers serving over a hundred communities in the metropolitan area. MCES collects and treats 250 million gallons of wastewater a day at eight treatment plants, collaborates with other agencies and local governments to protect the region's water resources, and ensures sufficient sewer capacity to serve planned development. How your work would contribute to the organization and the Twin Cities region: The Business Systems Analyst I (BSA I) plans, analyzes, designs, implements and maintains business systems and reporting software to support core business functions and business processes utilizing the SAP Business Objects suite and other application systems, such as Arbortext and Titania. The BSA I also analyzes business processes, facilitates, and initiates change of business applications and reporting tools to best leverage their capabilities and functionality. They work with other BSAs, data administrators, data architects and application developers to understand data structures and applications in order to analyze, design, develop, implement, and automate business functionality. In addition, they troubleshoot, enhance, and modify, as well as support and train end users. Starting Salary Range: $60,174 - $64,917 Full Salary Range: $60,174 - $85,342 What you would do in this job: Analyzes, designs, develops, automates and manages diverse business applications, reporting and analytics solutions utilizing SAP software suite tools such as Web Intelligence, Crystal Reports, Explorer, Excel, programming, databases, etc. for various departments ES-wide Performs requirements gathering, analysis and understanding of business processes, functions and projects to develop functional design specifications for business reporting automations, analytics and applications solutions by working with business partners, subject matter experts, developers, architects, etc. for software and reporting implementations Manages ongoing relationships with business partners to drive stakeholder and customer satisfaction including participating in project and design reviews to communicate and validate proposed application solutions and generating, monitoring, maintaining routine and custom reports using data compiled from various MCES computer systems for stakeholders and ES customers Develops and delivers software system training including training documentation and end-user roll-out plans, and acts as a systems functional resource What education and experience are required for this job (minimum qualifications): A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, MIS, Software Engineering, Information Technology or related scientific or technical field What additional skills and experience would be helpful in this job (desired qualifications): Experience or coursework in the following: Analysis of data Collaborating with customers and providing excellent customer service Gathering business and functional requirements Analyzing business processes to streamline and automate solutions Designing and developing custom, proficient solutions Software and programming languages (intermediate or more advanced level), such as Java/Java script, SQL, XML, HTML, CSS, .NET application, C, or any object-oriented programming language Managing data and projects What knowledge skills and abilities you should have within the first six months on the job: Knowledge of requirements gathering for reporting, analytics and applications development Knowledge of SAP Crystal and Business Objects reporting concepts, programming, data analysis, software and requirement analysis, design and development concepts, business requirements gathering and analysis, translating business requirements into functional and technical specifications Knowledge of data structures, structured and unstructured data concepts, data quality Some proficiency in analytics tool set such as SAP Business Objects Web Intelligence and Crystal reports, Excel, programming, databases, SQL, web services, and Microsoft suite Knowledge of authoring structured content, DITA reuse concepts, xml editor, CSS, and publishing engine; search engines, web portals, portal views, and XUI (xml user-interface) programming Attention to detail, time management, prioritization, follow through, project coordination, analytical and problem solving Strong written, technical, and visual communication, such as creating wireframes Strong oral and interpersonal skills Ability to consistently perform well during times of increased work load Ability to prioritize work to set and meet deadlines Ability to work successfully both independently and in teams Ability to troubleshoot software and help customers improve productivity, business processes and functions; learn business domains including technologies, applications, and systems Ability to effectively make written and oral presentations to end users and senior management Ability to manage multiple job functions simultaneously What you can expect from us: We offer the opportunity to make a difference and positively influence the Twin Cities metropolitan area. We encourage our employees to develop their skills through on-site training and tuition reimbursement. We provide a competitive salary, excellent benefits and a good work/life balance. More about why you should join us! Additional information: Union/Grade: American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees/Grade F FLSA Status: Non-exempt Safety Sensitive: No What your work environment would be: You would perform your work in a standard office setting. Work may sometimes require travel between your primary work site and other sites. What steps the recruitment process involves: We review your minimum qualifications. We rate your education and experience. We conduct a structured panel interview. We conduct a selection interview. Once you have successfully completed the steps above, then: If you are new to the Metropolitan Council , you must pass a drug test and a background check, which verifies education and employment, covers driving record (if applicable to the job) and any criminal record. If you have a criminal conviction, you do not automatically fail. The Metropolitan Council considers felony, gross misdemeanor and misdemeanor convictions on a case-by- case basis, based on whether they are related to the job and whether the candidate has demonstrated adequate rehabilitation. If you are already an employee of the Metropolitan Council , you must pass a criminal background check if the job you're applying for is safety sensitive, is a supervisory or management job, is in the Finance, Information Services or Human Resources departments, or has access to financial records, files/databases, cash, vouchers or transit fare cards. IMPORTANT: If you make a false statement or withhold information, you may be barred from job consideration.