SPINS, a Chicago-based SaaS company, is seeking to hire a Data Entry Natural Products Researcher to be a part of its Product Intelligence team. By leveraging SPINS’ industry-leading proprietary data and analytics, our technology enables deeper, more engaged relationships between Retailers, Brands and Consumers through our platform, web, and mobile products. WHO ARE WE? We eat collaboration and curiosity for breakfast We communicate quickly and succinctly We believe in roles instead of jobs We take initiative independently and hurdle challenges together We discuss, debate, decide and do with the same rapidity as we iterate our platform We are a talent ecosystem whose health is predicated on each individual’s ability to support every other individual’s success. WHO ARE YOU? Someone energetic, empathic and earnest Someone who wakes each morning thinking of which opportunity they will grab today Someone that refuses to give up when the path isn’t paved Someone that consistently delivers quality work on schedule Someone who would rather build the right tool to do the job than wait until they’re handed one A creative thinker as adept at looking at the Big Picture as they are at the details An obsessive perfectionist that knows when to put down the paintbrush and ship The kind of person that can expertly use an Onion headline as an analogy in a serious strategy meeting. WHAT DO WE NEED? The Data Entry Natural Products Researcher is a major contributor to the quality, accuracy and evolution of the SPINS Product Library. This inspired critical thinker builds on prior natural or conventional grocery industry experience and is responsible for thoroughly researching products, ingredients, trends and issues related to the Natural, Organic, Specialty and Conventional Products Industry. This position is responsible for library growth through data entry and accuracy. The role requires experience in the Natural Products Industry and knowledge of the departments, brands, products and attributes that fuel the industry. A passion for health and wellness and a desire to work in an entrepreneurial environment will be important for success. Attention to detail and the ability to work in a fast-paced growing environment are important. WE'LL BE COUNTING ON YOU FOR... Essential Functions and Responsibilities: Enter data in web-based application according to SPINS protocol Meet accuracy targets provided by manager. Research and audit product information on natural products utilizing images, manufacturer data, SPINS partners, and other sources Update Product Library database with product information Perform data entry outside of standard framework, as needed Generate status reports on assigned tasks and projects Communicate Product Library initiatives as needed Nonessential functions: Contribute to new content initiatives and perform other ad-hoc assignments as required by management Participate in product store tours to review merchandise and assist with new product launches YOU PROBABLY HAVE... Qualifications Required: High School Diploma, College Degree preferred 2 years’ experience in a natural/organic/specialty gourmet grocery retail environment Strong oral, written, interpersonal, organizational and project management skills Demonstrate proficiency in utilization of the software data entry tools set Detail-oriented Qualifications Desired: Exposure to natural/organic/specialty gourmet grocery product sales data Adept at learning new technologies and business functions Maintained focus on customer satisfaction