Are you ready to seize an opportunity to drive leading edge technology solutions with the customer? Do you value deploying the latest solutions into production with real world impact? Do you thrive by mentoring and leading by example? Would you love to help us accelerate the transformation towards digital organizations? Do you want to join an elite and distinguished team? If so, the Modern Apps Consultant position in the Microsoft Services Organization is for you! At Microsoft, we share knowledge, experiences, and resources to help each other achieve our career goals and grow both professionally and personally. We seek out people from diverse backgrounds who exhibit passion, technical competence, and experience in services delivery with complex projects or environments. Experience in this role will provide great opportunities to interact with pre-release versions, collaborate with product development teams and improve future versions of Microsoft products as a subject matter expert. Together, we can help billions of people around the globe using digital technology to achieve amazing things. Responsibilities As Modern Apps Consultants (Application Development Manager, ADM), we provide leadership to development teams that are deploying solutions using the latest development tools and methodologies. We work together with experienced developers to ensure customers have the skills to develop, deploy and maintain their solution in line with industry best practices. The Consultant role will give you the chance to be the trusted advisor to developers, architects, and key decision makers with whom you will build a relationship to understand their priorities, challenges, and technical goals across our on-premises and cloud technologies. Along with your own technical skills you will have access to your local team, the wider Microsoft technical community, and a global network of expertise to deliver on the goal of improving the quality of software delivery for your clients. You will build and own a delivery plan which includes: strategic advice, solution architecture assessments, workshops, prototyping, design reviews, code reviews, performance benchmarking, and general development consultancy. Your delivery plan will generate high levels of customer satisfaction through the value it adds to a client’s business over an extended, long term engagement. As a Modern Apps Consultant, you will: Be part of a thriving developer practice that's constantly looking for ways to improve our customers’ experience, software development goals and use of cloud technology Work with customers to identify business requirements Create functional requirement documents and functional designs Craft high-level and detailed design documents and implement innovative solutions using the most recent technologies Continually learn and grow professionally Take a leadership role on projects Mentor other Consultants to share your knowledge and experience Qualifications Recommended Qualifications and Experience: Deep technical and architectural knowledge of at least 3 of the following areas and broad understanding across the Microsoft development toolset and server products: Cloud technologies e.g. Azure, Office 365, Dynamic Development Languages e.g. C, VB.NET, JavaScript .NET technologies up to the latest version (e.g. WCF, WF, MVC) Server Systems (e.g. BizTalk, SQL, SharePoint, Dynamics) Client Systems (e.g. Modern apps, Mobile Application Lifecycle Management (e.g. Agile, SCRUM, TFS) Solution Architecture (e.g. SOA, enterprise architectures) B.Sc./B.A. or equivalent work experience combined with a relevant industry experience in a consulting role related to software development, solution delivery, or cloud solutions Ability to travel domestically and internationally and work with different cultures and customers Fluency in written and spoken English Ability to communicate with a variety of different audiences and strong presentation skills Demonstrated ability to match technical solutions with customer business requirements Ability to lead and motivate technical communities Ability to effectively recognize and adapt to change One Microsoft, One Services Microsoft Services, with over 21,500 employees worldwide, is dedicated to delivering on Microsoft’s mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We are the voice of support services, the trusted advisor of consulting services, and the source of the world’s best enterprise strategies. Simply put, Services helps customers and partners get the most out of their technology investments. For more information, visit www.microsoft.com/Services. Join us as Modern Apps Consultant and be one who empowers billions! Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.