Snowflake’s mission is to enable every organization to be data-driven with instant elasticity, secure data sharing and per-second pricing, across multiple clouds. Snowflake combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. _Snowflake is offering paid internships for students with an interest in cloud computing, database systems, data processing, and distributed systems (students must be actively enrolled in a degree program to be eligible)._ Our office is located in downtown Bellevue, WA in the City Center building. We blend panoramic views of the city and Mount Rainier with a lot of hard work and a culture that thrives on its diverse people and opinions. We also make sure we also have fun! Learn more at http://snowflake.net or read our SIGMOD paper about our Elastic Data Warehouse. What We Offer: Well paid, full-time internships in the heart of the software industry Post-internship career opportunities (full-time and/or additional internships) Exposure to a fast-paced, yet fun, startup culture A chance to work with world-class experts on challenging projects Opportunity to provide meaningful contributions to a real system used by customers High level of access to supervisors (manager and mentor), detailed direction without micromanagement, feedback throughout your internship, and a final evaluation Stuff that matters: treated as a member of the Snowflake team, included in company meetings/activities, flexible hours, casual dress code, catered lunches, happy hours, company outings, swag, and much more What We Expect: Desired class level: 3rd/4th year Undergraduates, Masters, or PhD Desired majors: Computer Science, Software Engineering, Physics, Math, or related field When: Fall (Sep-Dec) Duration: We recommend 12-16 weeks, but no less than 10 weeks Excellent programming skills (C++/Java/Python) Knowledge of data structures and algorithms Strong problem solving and ability to learn quickly in a dynamic environment Experience with working as a part of a team Dedication and passion for technology What You Will Learn/Gain: How to build enterprise grade, reliable, and trustworthy software/services Exposure to SQL and/or other database technologies (e.g., Spark, Hadoop) Understanding of database internals, large-scale data processing, and data warehouse design Implementation, testing of features in query compilation, compiler design, query execution Experience working with cloud infrastructure, AWS and/or Azure in particular Possible Work Focus Areas: High performance large-scale data processing Query compilation and optimization Software frameworks for stability and performance testing User Interface (JavaScript/React) Large-scale distributed systems Software-as-a-Service and data platforms Stream processing, cloud storage, and security/identity Application Deadline for Fall 2018 is August 20, 2018. Applications received that do not include an attached resume and unofficial transcripts will not be considered. Thanks. LI-SE1 About Snowflake Snowflake Computing, the cloud data warehousing company, has reinvented the data warehouse for the cloud and today’s data. The Snowflake Elastic Data Warehouse is built from the cloud up with a patent-pending new architecture that delivers the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms and the elasticity of the cloud – at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. Snowflake can be found online at snowflake.net. Snowflake has been voted as one of the Bay Area Best Places to Work in 2015, 2016, and 2017. We are a place where people work effectively with the same values and vision. We focus on doing what is right for our customers, shareholders, and employees. We create great products, individually and as a team. Snowflake is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, gender identity or expression, marital status, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, race, religion, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.