SpaceX was founded under the belief that a future where humanity is out exploring the stars is fundamentally more exciting than one where we are not. Today SpaceX is actively developing the technologies to make this possible, with the ultimate goal of enabling human life on Mars. Database Administrator The Enterprise Data Architecture team is responsible for designing and developing the enterprise database architecture, data warehouse and reports. We are part of a larger group called EIS (Enterprise Information Systems) that writes the software that builds rockets and powers SpaceX. We are responsible for all of the software on the factory floor, the warehouses, the financial systems, the restaurant, and even the public home page. Elon called us the "nervous system" of SpaceX because we connect all of the other teams at SpaceX to ensure that the entire rocket building process runs smoothly. The successful candidate will be responsible for enterprise integration and report development starting with gathering business requirements, development, testing, and deployment. The successful candidate must also have the ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical resources. Responsibilities: Develop code for automation of tasks in T-SQL, PowerShell, and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) Set up database monitoring Develop stored procedures and optimize queries via T-SQL Develop detailed test conditions and test cases to ensure quality of queries and reports Research and troubleshoot data questions Collaborate on problem resolution, team decisions and project planning Basic Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in computer science or engineering 3+ years experience in monitoring and tuning a database to provide high availability service 3+ years experience in managing the internal and external MS SQL database security 3+ years experience in fine tuning SQL queries and data replication Preferred Skills and Experience: Experience with SQL Server AlwaysOn Availability Groups, replication, log shipping, and mirroring High degree of accuracy, attention to detail, excellent oral and written communication skills, strong interpersonal skills and the ability to meet deadlines Strong knowledge of manufacturing business processes Experience working with Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems Experience with Team Foundation Server (TFS) Big Data experience ITAR Requirements: To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about ITAR here. SpaceX is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with SpaceX is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national origin/ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. Applicants wishing to view a copy of SpaceX’s Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application/interview process should notify the Human Resources Department at (310) 363-6000.