343 Industries, the game studio which develops the Halo game franchise, is looking for a Services Engineer to join our team working on next-generation Halo experiences. We are seeking talented, experienced developers with a variety of backgrounds who want to redefine the Halo experience through the application of modern cloud service technologies. The Halo Game Services team builds cloud services that drive many aspects of the game, including in-game economies and commerce, player statistics, user generated content, matchmaking, and game content management. We follow an agile, iterative, and quality driven software development lifecycle. We value development of unit and acceptance tests as part of feature development. We embrace DevOps and build our features to be supportable and easy to troubleshoot. We believe that main should always be shippable and features should get to our customers as frequently as possible, with all of our services getting deployed to production weekly. In addition to the standard Microsoft C/.Net tech stack, you’d be working with a broad set of other service technologies including: NoSQL data management (Azure Table, Azure Cosmos DB, Redis) Distributed Actor Model (Orleans) Streaming Telemetry (Azure Event Hub) Online Gaming Platforms (Xbox Live) Search (Azure Search) Responsibilities As a Services Engineer you will design and implement services that manage and deliver both in-house curated content and user generated content. Keeping the game experience fresh and compelling by frequent delivery of new content is a key part of the next generation of Halo. Building a thriving community of content creators among our users and giving them the tools they need to build top quality content is a cornerstone of our future plans. Responsibilities: Work with the services team to implement new features and improve existing systems Write unit, integration, and stress tests Fix bugs as assigned Participate in on call rotation Qualifications Basic Qualifications: 1+ years professional C development Preferred skills: BS/BEng in Math, CS or equivalent Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong foundation in data structures and algorithms Experience building REST based services Bonus skills: Game development experience Experience with Azure or other cloud service technologies Experience working with Content Management Systems Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.