Cisco Meraki is seeking an enthusiastic Business Operations Analyst to support cross-functional projects in our San Francisco office. As the fastest growing cloud-managed networking team in the world, our products and technology architecture are changing the face of enterprise networking and making cloud- managed IT a reality. We also understand, by simplifying powerful technology we can free passionate people to focus on their mission. Are you ready to join the team? You: Your projects will mostly focus on system integration, new platform enablement and new offer enablement. You will be responsible for reviewing, implementing and improving processes that help the organization scale and run more efficiently. The role is highly interdisciplinary and require strong collaboration with channel and sales, operations, business systems, strategy and finance teams. You should be passionate about learning the behind-the-scene operations of a company - how things work, why they are the way they are and what we can do to make things better. You should be hungry for knowledge and eager to get things done (and done well). You should be open to change and not afraid of iteration. Responsibilities: Learn about a process end-to-end, assess impact to various partners and understand scope / limitation Design and implement processes that are simple to follow, compliant and fulfills all requirements Drive adoption of new processes and standard methodologies Conduct data analysis to inform decisions and report on metrics Communicate changes to affected parties via change management efforts and hands-on training Tight collaboration with other teams and ability to project management Document new or amended process Qualifications: 1-3 years of experience in a consulting, sales or business operations role Self-starter with high degree of motivation to drive projects High-energy, personable, and able to work under tight deadlines across teams Bachelor's degree from a top university Strong work ethics Are you wondering what it is like to work at Cisco Meraki? Picture a beautiful office, healthy catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, onsite gym and paid time off to volunteer. Meraki Cisco has built an amazing equal opportunity focused office where employees thrive. With that said, we are confident you will love it here. Check out more of our benefits on our job page, at https://meraki.cisco.com/jobs, and we look forward to talking with you soon. Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all people will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis.