In just a little over a decade, PitchBook has grown into a global organization with offices in Seattle, San Francisco, New York and London. With a 60% year- over-year revenue growth rate since 2009, the company has become the industry’s leading source of private market data, serving more than 15,400 clients around the world. As a three-time winner of the Best Workplaces in Washington award, PitchBook is committed to fostering an open, collaborative work environment driven by excellence, inclusion and fun. Our culture is at the heart of our success, and it’s something we work on every day. Our primary home for the last decade, PitchBook’s Seattle office has grown from humble beginnings in a 200-square-foot windowless room to our current three-floor home in a downtown skyscraper. Located just blocks away from Pike Place Market and historic Pioneer Square, our headquarters boast stunning mountain views, open collaboration spaces and a startup culture that emphasizes hard work and camaraderie. Working in our Seattle office means growing your career alongside smart, dedicated people in the city where it all began. At the core of PitchBook’s offering is our data – it is accurate, comprehensive, and timely. Our platform includes rich datasets on both public and private companies along with deep granularity on the financial networks and capital flows that fund them. We solve some of the most complex data integration, data cleansing, and data quality management problems for our clients. We are looking for a Sr. Product Manager to work closely with Data Vendors, our Research & Editorial teams, and other Product teams on the creation and integration of new datasets. As a Sr. Product Manager you will work on a variety of projects across our internal data collection platform that supports our Research team along with broader data integration efforts. You will also collaborate with other Product Managers on various machine learning pipelines and natural language processing jobs to ensure we are maximizing automation opportunities. Responsibilities Lead the integration of new datasets and work closely with data vendors to ensure the data meets customer expectations Combine the voice and needs of the customer and Research team to create both high-level roadmaps and detailed plans to drive major improvements in our data collection systems Play a pivotal role and collaborate with key stakeholders to understand and ensure projects and technologies align with the data product strategy, deliver strong business value, and have clear business requirements Collaborate with Research team members on functional requirements for enhancements to our data collection platform and workflow tools Oversee the adoption of new internal features and tools across the Research team to drive process consistency Prioritize, track, coordinate and communicate Research projects, issues and tasks with internal stakeholders including the Research team, Product team, and the Leadership team Collaboratively work with the Research team, Platform Product team, and Data Science/Machine Learning team to improve and scale onshore and offshore team processes, productivity, and reporting Mentor other Product Managers on the team and participate in product reviews Qualifications 3+ years previous experience shipping quality products as a product manager Strong bias for action Bachelor’s degree with strong academic performance in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Finance or Accounting Experience establishing customer-centric requirements and writing functional design specification documents to satisfy the requirements Familiarity with machine learning and natural language processing techniques Familiarity with crowdsourcing platforms and Human-in-the-Loop data collection techniques Experience working with APIs and API design best practices Self-directed: sets and meets deadlines, multi-tasks, and prioritizes Willingness to roll up the sleeves and do what is necessary to meet team goals Ability to leverage Excel and SQL to quickly access and analyze data to drive product decision making Company Overview At PitchBook, we provide transparency into the capital markets by organizing the world’s meaningful business information and making it useful to our customers. We work tirelessly to arm global professionals with comprehensive data on the entire venture capital, private equity and M &A landscape—including companies, investors, funds, investments, exits and people—so they can discover and execute opportunities with confidence. Our data and analysis are available through our award-winning flagship product, the PitchBook Platform, as well as our powerful suite of integrated tools, industry news and in-depth reports. If you are ready to start the conversation about how you might contribute to all the happenings at PitchBook, submit your resume today! PitchBook appreciates and respects diversity, and as such, we are an equal opportunity employer.