Intertek,a leading provider of ATIC (Assurance, Testing, Inspection and Certification)Services, is looking for an Engineer to join our Electrical team in Saint Paul,MN. Theelectrical team provides assurance, testing, inspection and certification for avariety of electric products, including appliances, consumer electronics,lighting, medical devices, information communications technology, HVACR,industrial, and energy transmission and distribution. Our dedicatedprofessionals help ensure the quality and safety of electrical products used bypeople throughout the world. Role & Responsibilities Under the guidanceof more senior engineering personnel, the Associate Engineer performselectrical product testing and evaluation, writes the final report, andcommunicates with our clients. Under the guidanceof a more senior engineer, conduct on and off site evaluation of products todetermine compliance withapplicable standard(s). To do this, associate engineer must: Read and determine applicability of national codes and standards clauses for the EUT (equipment under test); Read and understand schematics and manufacturing instructions; Validate the project scope and sample applicability; Under scope of the project, identify and locate test instruments and equipment required for testing; Follow established test plan; Set up and operate EUT; perform and document simple repairs on EUT as needed; Conduct thorough construction review; document results; Perform testing of products in accordance with standards. Core tests include, but are not limited to: rating, leakage current, dielectric, temperature, pressure, stability, mechanical hazard, flammability, abnormal and fault insurance, rain, radiation, sound, laser, voltage and current sources. Identify, set up, and operate standard test equipment such as, but not limited to, spectrum analyzer, oscilloscope, multi-meter, dielectric strength tester, ground continuity tester, digital multi-meter, surge generator, over-voltage tester, environmental condition chamber, articulated probes. Use hand tools to build/calibrate test fixtures. Work under the direction of senior engineering staff to diagnose failures during tests and explore other options for testing. Following sample handling procedures, ensure that sample is logged into and out of the system. Move equipment as needed through the facility. Properly package sample for shipment. Under direction of a more senior engineer, manage less complex projects utilizing the resources available. Compile test results during construction review and testing. Compile data and product description and type final report using established report shell. Submit report to reviewer for final approval. Communicate project status and test results to client, sales personnel, and management throughout testing. Provide on-going support to clients as needed. Within policy guidelines, identify, properly document, and recommend engineering judgments Qualifications Associates degree in engineering or the equivalent in terms of experience and training 2-4 years directly related experience Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Excellent verbal and written communication skills Excellent organization and time management skills Excellent customer service skills Must be self-motivated and able to work independently in a fast-paced, multi-tasking environment Prior project management experience is a plus Ability to apply commonsense understanding to carry out detailed written or oral instructions Ability to deal with problems involving a few concrete variables in standardized situations and make technical decisions under supervision Ability to travel as business needs dictate About Intertek Acareer with Intertek means joining a global network of professionals dedicatedto bringing quality and safety to life. Our vision is to become the world’smost trusted partner for Quality Assurance and we offer our employees thechance to make an impact with attractive growth opportunities in this industryon a global scale. Weoffer a salary and benefit package competitively placed within the localmarket, including medical, dental, vision, life, disability, 401(k) withcompany match, tuition reimbursement and more. Weare an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against applicantsdue to veterans status or on the basis of disability. All qualifiedapplicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, sex or national origin. Intertek isa drug-free workplace. As a condition of employment, all hires are required topass a pre-employment drug test. LI-NF