L ook for more than answers. Patients and Physicians rely on our diagnostic testing, information and services to help them make better healthcare decisions. These are often serious decisions with far reaching consequences, and require sensitivity, tact and a clear dedication to service. It’s about providing clarity and hope. As a Data Modeling Technical Specialist you will work for the world leader in the industry, with a career where you will have the opportunity to collaborate and affect change while expanding your leadership skills and technical knowledge. You can make a real impact in a market that is growing and developing. This is a virtual / work-from-home position. Data Modeling Technical Specialist – the role The Data Modeling Technical Specialist will be responsible for driving requirements gathering and analysis (understanding transaction volume, regulatory requirements, security/privacy, access and audit, and timeliness of access), and then translating these factors into an appropriate data model design. The Technical Specialist may formulate canonical data models for system interactions for Enterprise Application Integration or relational data models for Operational Applications or Data Warehousing. This is an opportunity for a driven and innovative technologist to play a leadership role in helping design and build the next generation of data, analytics and application integration solutions for Quest Diagnostics. The Technical Specialist will analyze system requirements; facilitate data model requirements gathering; research and design short-term and long-term solutions; develop functional and design specifications for data models; and work independently to manage data modeling tasks to completion. This professional will be responsible to develop and consistently implement data modeling best practices and implementation consistency for multiple enterprise wide systems across all of IT lab and operational applications. The technical specialist is knowledgeable on industry best practices and relevant technologies for building high quality data models, including data modeling and management software tools. Experience in the Healthcare Industry and an understanding of data warehousing, dimensional modeling, big data, HL7 V3 and FHIR data models, canonical integration modeling, JSON document-based data models, data visualization, big data modeling, KPI modeling and benchmarking, OLAP/cubes and business intelligence are a plus. Job responsibilities Evaluates high level requirements from demand managers, analysts, architects, data analysts and business partners for completeness and accuracy. Communicate proactively and engages with project teams to understand requests and formulate solutions. Develops, documents and presents data model requirements and deliverables to members of multiple architecture, development and infrastructure teams for purposes of solution development. Leads and drives solution discussions both with business and other IT personnel. Organizes and leads cross-functional discussions within the IT and business organizations in support of deliverable development. Maintains proficiency in canonical integration and data modeling expertise and serve as an internal consultant into multiple projects and applications. Recognizes new/evolving trends and ensures personal growth and skill maintenance as a contributor. Analyzes new technologies or techniques to resolve business problems. Creates and presents solutions with varying options covering both tactical and strategic needs as necessary, while ensuring adherence to established standards and processes. Contributes to Data and Analytics Blueprints, Reference Architectures, Technology Standards, Maintenance, and White papers on emerging technologies or best practices. Works with vendors to better understand how features of data modeling applications can facilitate the fulfillment of customer requests. Demonstrates ability to communicate effectively with all levels, including customers, technical personnel and management. To qualify, the ideal candidate will have the following skills and experience: BS/BA degree in Computer Science/Information Systems or related field, or equivalent combination of education and work experience 3+ years of experience in data modeling and design experience, including large scale operations, data and analytics systems Experience with data integration from diverse legacy technologies to modern relational or big data environments is required Healthcare knowledge is strongly preferred, including experience with Healthcare data models, reference terminology (LOINC, CPT, SNOMED, ICD-10), and data interchange standards Demonstrated technical expertise in common data warehousing architecture frameworks, enterprise data modeling, application data modeling, taxonomies and ontologies, as well as of the mechanism of adapting these techniques to less structured sources (big data) Demonstrated ability to influence with credibility across business functions or technologies through research and analysis (based on prior experience) Demonstrated excellent interpersonal, oral/presentation and written communication skills in both technical and non-technical language Excellent organizational, time management, prioritization and multi-tasking skills Demonstrated ability to deliver under tight timelines with minimal oversight and input Excellent knowledge of and proficiency in the software development lifecycle phases Preferred – Knowledge of Laboratory Information Systems Apply Today Join us for competitive benefits and development opportunities in a progressive and supportive environment. Help us improve our service, and the experiences of our patients and colleagues. Work with us and together we can be better. Your Quest career. Seek it out. _All requirements are subject to possible modifications to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. Quest Diagnostics is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Women / Minorities / Veterans / Disabled / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity. cb_