Job Description Position Overview: Ford’s Technology team is committed to change the way the world moves by delivering winning technology leadership. We are continuing to build on our strong foundation, introducing game changing technology and enabling digital capability to enhance the consumer experience. We are Ford’s unfair advantage powered by our passion and commitment. The Cloud Integration Planner position offers an opportunity to shape the way Ford Motor Company leverages and integrates with external cloud services as well as internal processes and services. Key Responsibilities: Guide business customers and application teams on process/standards for leveraging new emerging SaaS services. Work with architecture and engineering teams to define integration solutions. Focus on cost, support, security, reliability and performance targets. Define a consistent framework/methodology to support the Service Offering. Track cost and recovery of solutions hosted on external clouds. Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related Preferred Qualifications: Strong communication skills - comfortable presenting to both the technical and non-technical business customers. 1 + years of experience with hosting architectures and an understanding of SaaS 1 + years of experience interpreting end to end architectures 1 + years of experience guiding technical decisions related to MS Dynamics 365, CRM, SaaS and cloud computing. The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team, discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.