REF: 30847 CBS BUSINESS UNIT: CBS Interactive JOB TYPE: Full-Time Staff JOB SCHEDULE: JOB LOCATION: Burbank, CA ABOUT US: CBS Interactive is the premier online content network for information and online operations of CBS Corporation as well as some of the top native digital brands in the entertainment industry. Our brands dive deep into the things people care about across entertainment, technology, news, games, business and sports. With over 1 billion users visiting our properties every quarter, we are a global top 10 web property and one of the largest premium content networks online. Check us out on [1] The Muse, [2] Instagram and [3] YouTube for an inside look into 'Life At CBSi' through employee testimonials, office photos and company updates. References Visible links 1\. https://www.themuse.com/companies/cbsinteractive 2\. https://www.instagram.com/cbsinteractive/?hl=en 3\. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAvGapyifCtUlmNTagAl_sQ DESCRIPTION: Division Overview: CBS Interactive is looking for a talented and highly motivated individual with strong analytical skills, technical aptitude, and strategic thinking to join our Measurement Operations group. Role Details: In the Data (Tracking) Engineer role, the ideal candidate will possess a deep sense of curiosity and a passion for building smarter digital analytics solutions to drive data-based decisions throughout the CBS Interactive organization. The candidate will possess a strong technical background, excellent communication skills, and the ability to easily translate business needs to technical requirements. Your Day-to- Day: Turn business questions from stakeholders into detailed tracking specifications across all platforms, including web, mobile app and emerging platforms such as OTT devices and gaming consoles. Play a critical role in the enablement of actionable analysis of the company's user experience and audience behaviors across our digital properties. Key Projects Include: This role will support the design and audits of tracking across multiple platforms and devices. As a Data (Tracking) Engineer, you will partner with multiple teams to document reporting use cases, scope out a roadmap of implementation requirements, and provide quality assurance. Key Responsibilities: Operate in a fast-paced environment where you will be responsible for driving multiple analytics solution design projects in parallel. Problem-solve novel solutions, architectures, and use cases to help stakeholders meet their business objectives. Assist end users with data validation questions. Troubleshoot as needed. Partner with multiple stakeholders to develop and execute appropriate measurement plan and tagging strategy for Adobe Analytics to satisfy analytics use cases. Create and execute new measurement implementations and/or maintain existing tracking specification documents for website redesigns, new mobile apps and/or campaign launches with Adobe Analytics. Perform data quality audits, QA tags, identify data collection issues, suggest improvements and work to implement fixes. Develop documentation of use cases, tracking specs and QA results. Provide thought leadership for data collection and ways to standardize across a global environment. Assist in establishing governance, best practice operational and ad-hoc processes for data capture changes. Act as a liaison between business owners and application development teams. QUALIFICATIONS: What you bring to the team: You have: Bachelor's degree and 2-4 years work experience in Analytics/Measurement Operations/Tracking fields or consulting roles with focus on digital analytics implementations. Hands-on experience and expertise with Adobe Analytics (formerly Omniture Site Catalyst) tool or similar analytics platform. Experience in developing measurement plans and tagging strategies, as well as the ability to QA analytics implementations. Knowledge of how analytics data is extracted and used within reporting tools. Exceptional written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to communicate technical concepts to non-technical audiences, as well as translating business requirements into technical specs for developers. Strong problem solving and creative-thinking skills. Client-focused mindset and with experience in a client facing role preferred. You might also have: Experience working tag management solutions such as Tealium. Agile experience and familiarity with JIRA and Confluence. History of successful technical consulting and/or architecture engagements with large-scale customers or enterprises. Functional knowledge of client-side development in JavaScript and/or native mobile apps, and front-end debugging. Experience with mobile app and video measurement implementations. Adobe processing rules proficiency, EEO STATEMENT: Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled