Functional Area: IT - Information Technology Estimated Travel Percentage (%): No Travel Relocation Provided: No American International Group, Inc. Junior Quality Assurance Business Analyst Your future team Our technology teams collaborate with their worldwide colleagues and partners every day to take on the challenges of providing IT support to one of the world’s leading financial services firm. We’re people who believe that with the right values and hard work, anything is possible. We know that if we’re at our best, that enables our customers to be their best and realize their dreams and hoped for successes. The Information Technology group provides enterprise- wide IT solutions for all of AIG’s specialized disciplines. Technology provides strategic and procedural support in all of AIG’s specialized disciplines, such as policy issuance, premium collection, claims handling, and administration. It enables AIG to deliver business strategies through efficient world-class IT and operations services, while ensuring the necessary IT risk management and security measures are in place. Your contribution at AIG As an influencer at AIG, people come to you as a “go-to” source for help and support because of your deep knowledge and expertise. As a more experienced team member, you are capable of driving continual improvement and impacting the way that things get done. Because of your influence, whether direct or indirect, we are able to deliver powerful outcomes for our clients Position Summary As a Junior Quality Assurance Business Analyst in our Career Distribution Technology Department you will Work at the direction of management and Senior Quality Assurance Analysts to write and test IT enhancements in assigned business tools. Conduct extensive manual testing. Update JIRA and ALM daily. Coordinate reporting with the Senior Quality Assurance Analyst. This role will coordinate testing with offshore team members to successfully complete test plans. Attend daily project status meetings. Attend weekly project scope meetings. Act as backup to the Senior Quality Assurance Analyst to facilitate offshore testing coordination and status reporting Become a subject matter expert on the assigned business tools. What we are looking for The ideal candidate for this position will have: 1-3 years of documented testing and test writing experience. Experience with AGILE project management, JIRA issue and project tracking software, and HP Quality Center (ALM) software are preferred. Must be able to work in a fast paced environment with deadlines. Basic competency with Microsoft Office tool suite is required. College graduate preferred, but not required. It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives.