Job Summary: Enterprsie Analytics practice is seeking candidates for the position of a Salesforce developer. Minimum Qualifications : 2 -4 years of IT experience 2- 4 years of SFDC experience Thorough knowledge of Salesforce. Well versed in configuration, customization and integration Hands on experience on Service and Sales Cloud Experience with configuration and customization using SFDC Visual force, Apex, certifications Experience of working on support engagements Good in communication skills Good knowledge of Salesforce.com Governor limits,Lightning UI , Apex, Data Model Skills Job responsibilities: Should Collaborate with offshore team Co-ordinate with customer, product vendors and other stake IT Teams Highly competent in the tool capabilities and implications of using the tool, and be able to quickly provide accurate high level cost and schedule impacts of each proposed solution. Able to communicate well with both business Subject Matter Experts and technical design and developers Preferred Qualifications: Nice to have skills Lightning BA / BS degree or equivalent experience. Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 SFDC Campaign PL1 Required 2 SFDC - Knowledge PL1 Required 3 SFDC Canvas/Connected PL1 Required 4 SFDC Call Centre PL1 Required Domain Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Develop Product labeling NA Required 2 Agriculture-Regulations NA Desired Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Phoenix, Arizona, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 07 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.