Position Title: Business Intelligence Analyst Hay Grade 14 Reports To: Business Intelligence Solutions Architect As the leader in business and industry dining, Eurest is the company to join if you want a rewarding career packed with limitless opportunities. We feed the employees of the nation's largest and most-prestigious companies - in every state and across all industries. As a member of Eurest's leadership and professional support team, you will help our 16,000 chefs, and in-unit associates excel as they deliver world-class meals in corporate cafes and executive dining rooms with on-site catering through vending innovations and more. Our company is innovative, high performing and fast growing. Our teammates are enthusiastic, committed to quality and thrive on consistently delivering unparalleled results. And did we mention we work with exciting companies and at interesting locations? Come grow your career with Eurest. _This position is eligible for an Employee Referral Bonus! If you know someone that is qualified for this role, please use the “job search” in MyOpportunity to refer your referral and email them a link to apply. Your referral will be able to apply by clicking the link in the email then you can check the status under Careers in MyOpportunity by clicking on “referral tracking.” For Employee Referral guidelines, FAQs and the Compass Employee Referral Policy, email_ _MyReferral@compass-usa.com_ _._ Job Summary The BI Analyst is responsible for conducting full lifecycle analysis to include requirements, activities and design. They will develop analysis and reporting capabilities and also monitor performance and quality control plans to identify improvements. These efforts will span the entire enterprise and facilitate business understanding, insight, and decision-making. This role will inform strategy decisions by effectively and clearly presenting and communicating analyses with business owners, clients, and senior leadership. The ideal candidate will have a strong background working with data and understand how analysis can unlock information to tell stories and generate insights. The candidate will need to demonstrate the ability to connect and translate complex data and information into business-relevant narratives and work with team members to transform them into visual narratives. Key Responsibilities: Work with external clients and internal teams to understand existing data, define reporting requirements, and then create accurate data models to identify, define, and report key business metrics, support historical data trend analysis, and to discover opportunities that can drive continuous process improvement Collaboratively identify the best means to visually depict intermediate and final data analytics results in ways to provide effective processes for mining new insights and assisting in decision making for solving complex problems Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources, maintain databases/data systems, and utilize third party APIs to collect external data Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets Preferred Qualifications: BS/BA or higher degree, with Computer Science or Mathematics preferred 5+ years of experience in the reporting and data visualization, data mining, analysis, and/or business intelligence space including advanced data modeling and reporting 1+ years of experience working with visualization tools such as Tableau or similar data visualization/BI tools; experience with Microsoft’s BI stack is preferred Apply to Eurest today! _Eurest is a member of Compass Group USA_ Click here to Learn More about the Compass Story Compass Group is an equal opportunity employer. At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law. Req ID: 193603 Eurest ANNMARIE B MCSHEA SALARIED EXEMPT