At ZestFinance, our mission is to make fair and transparent credit available to everyone, and we thrive on solving hard problems that have a big impact on people's daily lives. We built the Zest Automated Machine Learning (ZAML™) tools to improve consumer lending and meet the financial needs of people around the world. You will frame, pose and translate real-world problems to build AI-powered solutions that directly contribute to the product. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, we resolve challenging and meaningful problems. Our team is committed to continuously leveraging and furthering the latest advances in AI research to transform the credit market while expanding the frontiers within the credit world. In this role you will: Collaborate with AI applied researchers and leaders to build future-proof frameworks and abstractions Collaborate with product management and engineering departments to understand company needs and devise AI powered solutions Build tools that will increase the productivity of teams developing AI-based systems Develop working prototypes, proof of concepts, algorithms, and predictive models Build demos and conduct training to help data scientists effectively use the product Demonstrate and apply theories through research efforts to develop new and improved products, processes, or technologies Participate in cutting-edge research in artificial intelligence and machine learning applications We are looking for: BS, MS or PhD in a quantitative field (CS, Engineering, Physics, etc.) with demonstrated use of ML techniques Strong fundamentals in ML algorithms (i.e. neural networks, tree-based methods, unsupervised learning, feature engineering), programming, statistics, and mathematics Familiar with ML/AI frameworks, e.g,. TensorFlow, PyTorch, and modular/modern software design practices. Implementations features good memory, disk I/O, and CPU/GPU management. History of research publications and/or implementations of state of the art techniques hosted on open source repositories. Passionate about ML/AI and how it can improve on the world Perks and benefits: People – the best part of Zest Robust healthcare plans, matching 401K and unlimited vacation time Dog friendly office with lounge areas, video games and gigantic jigsaw puzzles On-site gym with yoga, salsa and other employee run fitness classes Generous family leave policy (6 month maternity leave/3 month paternity leave) Tuition reimbursement, conference allowance and Zest talks Complimentary massages, manicures, pedicures and more Daily catered lunches from LA’s best restaurants and fully stocked kitchen About ZestFinance: ZestFinance, Inc. applies its unique credit-decisioning technology platform — based on data science and machine learning — to help lenders effectively predict credit risk so they can increase revenues, reduce risk and ensure compliance. ZestFinance was founded in 2009 by Douglas Merrill and a team of former Google employees with the mission of making fair and transparent credit available to everyone. We are committed to diversity in hiring, professional development, and everyday discussion. Zest is determined to hire crazy smart people who are different from each other to create broad thinking, lots of different ideas, and by extension, the best team possible.