What makes Gartner a GREAT fit for you? When you join Gartner, you’ll be part of a fast-growing team that helps the world become smarter and more connected. We’re the leader in our industry, achieving double-digit growth by helping clients make the right decisions with business and technology insights they can’t find anywhere else. Our associates enjoy a collaborative work environment, exceptional training and career development — as well as unlimited growth potential. If you like working with a generous, supportive, high-performing team, Gartner is where you want to be. DatabaseAdministrator About the role: Responsible for providing management, guidance and support for the development life cycle and maintenance of: Gartner's real time transactional production, DR and Development database systems What you'll do: Provision and maintain a stable environment for the operation of the company's business applications using Oracle, Microsoft,and Open Source/Other database technology Meet SLAs for DatabaseSystems Uptime & Database Systems Performance Facilitates development, implementation, maintenance and continuance of databases within the current infrastructure. Establishes and implements database policies, procedures and standards, and ensures their conformance. Studies and projects database resource requirements including personnel, software, equipment and facilities, and makes recommendations to management Works closely with other members of Application Development and Technical Operations teams to identify and implement continuous improvement, new or enhanced measurement reports and effective problem resolution. What you'll need: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field with at least three years experience in the development life cycle and maintenance of systems/databases in one or more computing environment 3+ years of Operational DBA experience with one or more of our strategic RDBMS platforms (Oracle, MS SQL Server, MySQL) is required. Proven track record of project and service delivery with increasing levels of responsibility 3+ years of Operational DBA experience with strategic enterprise RDBMS is required Expert skills in database administration, SQL, and DB programming (T-SQL, PL/SQL) is required. Strong Unix and/or Windows operating system skills at the user level are required. Additional experience with other database platforms; MS SQL, MySQL, etc., is strongly desired. Experience in AWS ,Azure cloud is strongly desired Experience in packaged ERP applications (Oracle; Siebel, OBIEE) is desired. Experience with Unixand/or Windows system administration is desired. Knowledge of ITInfrastructure Library (ITIL) process management is desired Job Requisition ID:G21606 By submitting your information and application, you confirm that you have read and agree to the country or regional recruitment notice linked below applicable to your place of residence. Gartner Applicant Privacy Link: https://jobs.gartner.com/applicant-privacy- policy For efficient navigation through the application, please only use the back button within the application, not the back arrow within your browser.