Job Duties: This role resides within Mentor’s Integrated Electrical System Division (IESD), reporting to the Automotive Market Director. IESD is a rapidly growing business with an outstanding track record of success. It is poised to benefit substantially from the recent merger of Mentor Graphics with the Siemens Product Lifecycle Management business. The Solutions Architect (SA) is contributes to and helps to drive all aspects of IESD’s automotive whole-product definition including development direction & roadmap, communication and business development. Activities include: Understanding and documenting customer needs across the electrical systems value chain; Uncovering and documenting customer stakeholder value; Performing competitive analysis; Developing and testing whole-product solutions; Developing the business case justifying investment; Contributing to and supporting maintenance of the whole-product vision and roadmap; Coordinating automotive solutions with those developed for other markets; Aligning and influencing stakeholders and project contributors, across divisional and interdivisional boundaries, to execute the whole-product roadmap Working collaboratively with the field and industry teams with Mentor & Siemens to craft optimal solutions for both the market and specific customers. Engage with key customers to carry the voice of IESD to them and versa visa. Establish ‘pull’ from the field and portfolio teams for your knowledge and skills The SA will work with the Market Director, Business Development Director and Domain Leaders to devise, validate and establish whole-product positioning, packaging, and pricing. The SA will also be responsible for taking whole product solutions to market. Activities include: Working with the Market Director to develop and execute launch plans; Developing, maintaining and presenting marketing and sales collateral; Supporting Mentor and other industry trade shows and customer events Supporting strategic sales engagements to win business, including participating in account planning, customer presentations and demonstrations, ROI analyses and RFP responses; Working with members of the deployment team, including MCD, to ensure deployment strategy and phasing is in alignment with product capabilities and timing Teaching channel members how to win business. The Solutions Architect works closely with an outstanding, world-wide, interdisciplinary team of professionals dedicated to open communication and revenue growth. They span the functions of product development/engineering, marketing, sales, and management. This position affords a rare opportunity to materially, and directly, contribute to the success of our customers’ businesses. It offers exceptional visibility and influence within the automotive community focused on the broad topic of ‘electrical systems design, networks & software integration and lifecycle management’. It will shape the emergence of the model based enterprise as applied to the automotive market. Job Qualifications: Mentor seeks an extraordinary, self-driven individual, with the capability and desire to make a significant contribution to the automation and management of the electrical systems value chain. Candidates for this position should have a strong understanding of, and experience in, significant parts of the OEM automotive electrical systems value chain. This value chain spans activity including requirements conception, architectural definition, network & software (Autosar) definition, logical, EDS and harness design and the service thereof. Knowledge of harness manufacturing at Tier 1 suppliers would be an added advantage. We seek an experienced technical leader with demonstrated success in developing customer solutions, product marketing and project management. Experience with the Mentor Graphics’ Capital tool suite may be an advantage but is secondary to strong industry experience. We seek someone who understands that the best way to further one's career is to contribute materially to the growth of an organization's financial performance. Work experience: 10 years in automotive electrical systems; 5 years in product marketing or hands on electrical systems flow definition and implementation, first-hand experience of systems development & architecture and/or EDS lifecycle as it originates at the OEM architecture phase all the way through to Tier 1 adoption, inclusive of post sales service models. Education: A Bachelor’s degree in Electrical or Electronics Engineering; advanced technical degree and/or an MBA desired. Travel: This role requires the candidate be capable of international travel. Typical travel required: 25% -35%. Location: Any US or European location considered _All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, color, religion, national origin, disability or protected veteran status._ Back Share Apply Now