REPORTS TO Manager of Network Planning ALASKA AIRLINES' STORY Alaska Airlines is one of the most respected names in aviation and flies throughout its namesake state and the Lower 48, as well as to Hawaii, Canada, Mexico and Costa Rica. Our roots date to 1932 and are symbolized by the Alaska Native painted on the tails of our aircraft. Guided by what we call the "Alaska Spirit", we pride ourselves on providing a lifeline to remote communities while delivering renowned service to everyone we fly. This commitment has brought us national and international recognition. We've been honored with a variety of awards by readers of Travel + Leisure, Conde Nast Traveler, USA Today and others. Alaska, with Virgin America, is the premier airline for people on the West Coast, and together with its sister carrier Horizon Air, flies to more than 115 destinations. The two airlines are subsidiaries of Alaska Air Group Inc. (NYSE: ALK) with annual revenues exceeding $7 billion. POSITION INFORMATION Role Summary As the Business Intelligence Analyst II for the Network Planning Team within the Capacity Planning department, you are developing an infrastructure of data, dashboards, models, and tools that enable capacity and schedule optimization across the network. This is a fast-paced, high exposure team whose responsibilities include data analysis, demand modeling and research, optimization, project management, and solution design/delivery. This team conducts economic evaluations of the Alaska Air Group network, including current and future frequency levels, markets, flight schedules, aircraft types, and cities. Scope & Complexity This individual contributor position supports operations research activities for Alaska Air Group (AAG) and its subsidiaries. Key Duties Translates network planning practices into advanced analytical experiments and models that blend data sources for creative insights into business problems and to align performance with the companys strategic goals, detailed action plans, key performance indicators, and progress metrics. Develops and implements systems and technology to produce decision support tools that enable leaders and system practitioners to take strategic action in a dynamic competitive environment. Leverages technology to enhance department performance and productivity. Develops visualizations grounded in statistical best practices that facilitate effective communication of results and key findings to internal and external customers. Selects the best methodologies to approach business problems and contributes to the continuous improvement of stakeholder processes and data life-cycle. Researches new data sources and analytical tools to enhance the data-driven business process. Coordinates with stakeholders and ITS on the integration and support of business systems. Contributes to cross-functional teams, ensuring timely and accurate completion of assignments. Performs other duties as assigned. Job-Specific Skills Required A Bachelor of Arts or a Bachelor of Science degree is required. A degree with a focus in mathematics, economics, operations research, finance, statistics, business, computer science, or technical/engineering is preferred. A minimum of 3 years of experience in analytical role or a Master of Science degree with 2 years of experience. Detailed knowledge and understanding of business intelligence functions, including but not limited to analytics, data mining, reporting, report conversion, data cleansing, data modeling and relational databases. Advanced skills in SQL. Demonstrated experience working with disparate data sources and data blending. Adept at dashboard design, charting, and report automation. Experience with applied statistics and probability. Ability to work well with multiple, diverse teams. Data-driven mindset and a proven history of continuous self-development. High school diploma or equivalent Minimum age of 18. Must be authorized to work in the U.S. Preferred High-level programming language experience. Experience with Tableau and Alteryx Previous network planning experience Job-Specific Leadership Expectations Embody the Alaska Spirit and conduct oneself with Professionalism, Integrity, Resourcefulness and Caring THE LOCATION The location for this position is in Seattle, Washington OUR CULTURE - ALASKA AIRLINES For eligible employees, our company offers a unique total rewards package that few companies can match, including insurance coverage for medical, dental and vision care, 401(k) retirement savings plans, monthly and annual incentive bonus plans, time off and a generous employee travel program. Our values reflect who we are at work and in our communities: Own Safety, Do the Right Thing, Be Kind-Hearted, Deliver Performance, and Be Remarkable. Alaska Airlines also fosters a diverse and inclusive culture and is an Equal Opportunity Employer. POSTING INFORMATION Please apply on or before: August 20th 2018 A few helpful tips when applying - ~Before applying, we recommend that you clear your browsing history including your temporary internet files and disable pop-up blockers. You can accomplish this by going to the Tools tab. ~Gather your paperwork, including your work history, resume etc. - before you apply to the position. ~ If you would like to include a cover letter, add it as your first page to your resume. Your resume is part of your application and unique to each position you apply to. ~Once in the application, be sure to use the links provided to return to the previous page if needed. The back button is not compatible with our system. Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air do not tolerate discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. Employees or applicants who inquire about, discuss, or disclose their compensation or the compensation of other employees or applicants are also protected by law. Alaska Airlines y Horizon Air no toleran discriminacion o acoso en base a raza, color, credo, religion, origen nacional, estatus migratorio de residencia o ciudadania, edad, sexo, orientacion sexual, identidad de genero o expresion, estado civil, discapacidad, estado veterano protegido, informacion genetica o cualquier otra base protegida por la legislacion aplicable. Empleados o aspirantes que indaguen, discutan o revelen su compensacion o la remuneracion de otros empleados o aspirantes tambien estan protegidos por ley. Job ID: 32551 Location: Seattle, WA Full/Part Time: Full-Time Regular/Temporary: Regular