NBCU has deployed SAP to run financial, logistics and HR processes. SAP BPC is deployed to run planning processes at enterprise and division level. NBCU currently have 12 BPC solutions to support financial planning processes and 4 new solutions are on the immediate roadmap. SAP BPC Manager/Architect Operations of HANA Technology will own the maintenance & delivery of HANA views, BADI, SQL, AMDP to support BPC based planning solutions which includes discovery, scope, delivery, & on-going support. BPC Manager will engage with NBCU BPC analysts as necessary. This role is also responsible to establish & manage the support team of 2 developers for on-going support & solution improvements. This role is considered a critical role in corporate applications and job also requires working flexible hours to support accounting/planning users globally. Primary responsibilities will include: Establish standard procedures for HANA development such as naming convention, approval process and best coding practices to improve performance and re-use Develop, enhance and support: HANA views and AMDP for BPC, BW and Analysis for Office Custom BADI’s associated with BPC Employ techniques to optimize code performance and efficiency Perform data and system analysis tasks, in order to troubleshoot errors and user questions Understand NBCU business processes and requirements by engaging with business partners at enterprise and division levels Participate in business requirement definition sessions Craft adaptable, comprehensive and feasible solutions by creating necessary blueprint documents for technical specifications Collaborate with peers in the CoE to apply best practices to integrate between SAP applications (ERP, HANA, BW and BPC) Continually identify ways to improve support and decrease unnecessary support calls. Identify improvements to applications, processes, and business logic to meet user needs Qualifications/Requirements Bachelors or advanced degree in Computer Science, Information Systems from an accredited institution or equivalent Proficient with SAP HANA View development including usage of SQL, AMDP and ABAP Experience with data integration into SAP BPC (Standard version 10.x) including BADI and Data Manager Package development Experience supporting complex business solutions Ability to quickly and comprehensively troubleshoot issues Possess advanced ABAP skills and ability to quickly turn around time-dependent modifications Have superior testing skills to conduct unit and SIT testing of work performed Adherence to IT/SAP project methodologies, and change control processes Demonstrate excellent verbal/presentation and written communication skills Possess interpersonal skills to engage with all levels of Business and IT Self-starter to work independently on multiple tasks simultaneously with a keen desire to learn and expand depth of knowledge Exhibit collaboration and teamwork skills Onsite work location – Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey or Burbank, CA Willingness to work off business hours and weekends as needed in a demanding environment Minimum of 5 years of related experience Desired Characteristics Experience with SAP ECC 6.0 FICO Experience with SAP HANA SLT Knowledge of BW and SAP Security Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, Power Point, Visio) Entertainment/Media experience is a plus Sub-Business Technology Career Level Experienced City Burbank State/Province California Country United States About Us At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us. Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.