Overview MOTIVATED…..make IT happen! Awarded TOP WORKPLACE six consecutive years About Us: Sentinel delivers solutions that can efficiently address a range of IT needs – from communications, to data center, to cloud and managed services, which includes our staffing solutions. Since 1982, Sentinel has grown from providing technology maintenance services to our current standing as one of the leading IT services and solutions provider in the US. We have aligned with many of today’s global technology leaders including Cisco, Microsoft, Vmware, Dell/EMC, and NetApp. Sentinel services customers both nationally and internationally with primary support operating centers in Chicago, Downers Grove (HQ), and Springfield, IL; Phoenix, AZ.; Ann Arbor, Lansing, and Grand Rapids, MI; Milwaukee, WI; Denver, CO; Atlanta, GA. If you are MOTIVATED… you can make IT happen at Sentinel. Our commitment to our employees is to create a work environment that encourages creativity, an entrepreneurial spirit, fosters growth through certification and hands-on training, values a team-oriented culture and rewards based on impact! If you are Motivated you can join our team and make IT happen! Learn more at www.sentinel.com/careers. Responsibilities Full Stack Developer, Junior Sentinel Technologies is currently seeking a Lead Application Developer to assist with the growing of our client offerings by building Line-Of-Business Applications. The ideal candidate will architect, design, build, test and deploy custom applications. These are internal and customer facing applications supporting and migrating legacy apps to newer technologies. This is a full time position based out of our Downers Grove, IL office. Qualifications The candidate should be able to build Microsoft ASP.NET, MVC, and WebAPI based web applications and responsive webpages with HTML5, CSS3, bootstrap, Javascript, jQuery, AJAX and Angular The candidate must be familiar with full stack development using C, VB.NET, ASP.NET, MVC, Entity Framework, LINQ and SQL server with best practices and design patterns Candidate should be comfortable using TFS to manage work and Agile environment (sprint planning, scoping and managing work) The candidate will have exposure consuming and creating RESTful WebAPI components The ideal candidate will improve code quality by following best practices, writing tests, automation and performing code reviews A valid driver’s license and proof of vehicle insurance will be required Legally authorized to work in the US without sponsorship Must be currently working in a similar position Must demonstrate a “can-do” attitude We focus on candidates that display our “ACE” factor – Attitude, Compassion, and Enthusiasm to deliver quality solutions with exceptional customer service. What you get: We offer an energetic work environment with many corporate culture amenities, competitive salary, and rich benefit plan including: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K, 529, Life Insurance, Income Protection Short and Long-Term Disability, Medical and Child/Elder Care, Flexible Spending Account Plans, Employee Assistance Program, Two weeks vacation, additional paid time-off for Personal and Sick, certification and hands-on training, and discounts for local event entertainment and health clubs. As part of Sentinel's employment process, candidates will be required to complete a background check. Only those who meet the minimum requirements will be contacted. No phone calls please. Sentinel is proud to be an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, marital status, genetics, disability, pregnancy, veteran status or any other basis protected by law. If you are an individual with a disability and need assistance in applying for a position, please contact SentinelHR@sentinel.com.