About FedEx Supply Chain FedEx Supply Chain, a subsidiary of FedEx Corp. (NYSE: FDX), is a leader in the third-party logistics industry offering a diverse service portfolio that enables commerce for businesses. With a proven track record of innovation and operational excellence, FedEx Supply Chain takes a consultative approach to optimize logistics processes, implement innovative technology and drive continuous improvement. By leveraging best practices and the world-renowned FedEx network, FedEx Supply Chain delivers leading solutions that provide flexibility, enable scalability and improve cost-effectiveness for customers. Through more than 11,000 employees, 130 operations and 35 million square feet of warehouse space, FedEx Supply Chain manages nearly 150 million packages and processes 358 million returns each year. For more information, go to supplychain.fedex.com. We Have…. A strong FedEx brand consistently ranked among the world’s most admired and trusted employers. A top notch leadership team with the experience needed to grow and develop your career. An open mind for new ideas and creative methods. A strong compensation and benefits package, including health, vision, dental, 401k with a strong match and much more! Position is based in Olive Branch, MS General Summary…. The WMS Administrator III is responsible for setting up new external customers in the Warehouse Management System (WMS) Utilizing WMS rules to establish business processes and control work flow. Troubleshoot system issues and manage business activities in a timely manner to facilitate the success of operations goals and Customer’s Service Level Agreements. Ensure that the system is fully functional 24/7/365 year as required. This position will be responsible for….. Analyze WMS processes and data to ensure system stability. Establish and maintain processes, access and User Roles within the WMS. Research and perform testing of new processes or enhancements in the WMS. Research and troubleshoot all WMS related issues within our established service level guidelines based on severity. Identify and communicate recommendations for resolution of system issues and outages. Work collaboratively to provide the highest level of quality and support to our customers. Participate in constructive Team activities and discussions to support customer’s SLA and enhancements. Establish and demonstrate a pattern of continuous improvement while meeting service levels and response times. Work well in a Team environment by accepting and sharing ideas and initiatives for improvement. Conduct one on one or group training on recurring system issues or process changes and enhancements. Initiate training based on reported issues within an operations group. Travel up to 10% You might be a great fit if…. Education/Experience High school diploma or GED and at least 5 years of experience using a Warehouse Management Systems. Working understanding of standard WMS setup policies/rules. Proficient in the use of Microsoft Office Word, Excel, Visio and Outlook. Excellent written and verbal communication skills with all levels of Leadership/Management. Ability to work with little to no Supervision in a Team environment. Ability to demonstrate initiative to enhance processes in order to prevent reoccurrence of WMS issues. Ability to work multiple tasks while providing feedback and updates as needed. Ability to work in an on call rotation schedule which includes evenings and weekends. Excellent documentation skills. Must be highly organized. Customer Service Driven. Strong team player. Physical/Cognitive Requirements With or without accommodation: Ability to follow policies and procedures. Ability to read, write and interpret information. Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide. Ability to use hands to finger, handle, or feel. Ability to sit/walk/stand for up to 10 hours per day. Must possess visual acuity, i.e., close distance, and color vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus. ADA – FedEx Supply Chain will make reasonable accommodations in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Reasonable accommodations are available for qualified individuals with disabilities throughout the subsequent application process. Fed Ex Supply Chain is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. Job ID: 19477 Schedule: Full-time