Boston Medical Center (BMC) is more than a hospital. It´s a network of support and care that touches the lives of hundreds of thousands of people in need each year. It is the largest and busiest provider of trauma and emergency services in New England. Emphasizing community-based care, BMC is committed to providing consistently excellent and accessible health services to all—and is the largest safety-net hospital in New England. The hospital is also the primary teaching affiliate of the nationally ranked Boston University School of Medicine (BUSM) and a founding partner of Boston HealthNet – an integrated health care delivery systems that includes many community health centers. BMC provides a full range of pediatric and adult care services, from primary to family medicine to advanced specialty care. BMC is also committed to our employees, who are a very important piece to who we are. We pride ourselves in providing equal employment opportunity and non- discrimination for all employees and qualified applicants without regard to a person's race, color, gender, age, religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation or any characteristic protected under applicable law. BMC will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law. The Master Data Management Analyst functions as a governance liaison between Supply Chain Operations, Accounts Payable, and Finance departments with system maintenance, entry, changes, and reporting. Reviews, analyzes, evaluates and documents the technical components of data/systems and business requirements for new process and or policy development. Interacts with internal/external clients on an as needed basis (i.e. Vendor Representatives). The Master Data Management Analyst functions as a governance liaison between Supply Chain Operations, Accounts Payable, and Finance departments with system maintenance, entry, changes, and reporting. Reviews, analyzes, evaluates and documents the technical components of data/systems and business requirements for new process and or policy development. Interacts with internal/external clients on an as needed basis (i.e. Vendor Representatives). ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES / DUTIES: Reviews, analyzes, evaluates, and executes data/system changes in accordance with business processes, policies, and service level agreements. Writes detailed technical and business specifications, program functions, and steps required to develop or modify data files or systems Assists in creating project plans, conducting project meetings, and coordinating other project activities to improve existing business processes. Documents data mappings, user interface specifications, processing logic as per business requirements Communicates with users, vendors, and management. Provides regular status reports to management and conducts data quality analytics Provides mentorship and guidance to junior Analysts on the team as needed. (depending on skill level) Leads the data analysis and profile efforts for new implementations and system enhancement Ability to drive project timelines to completion with a cross-functional team Ability to understand relational database concepts and client-server concepts Ability to be careful and thorough in detailed analysis Ability to analyze information and use logic to address work-related issues and problems. Ability to work proficiently in Microsoft Word, and Excel. Required experience in Access, Outlook, PowerPoint, SQL, and Visio. Experience working within the Healthcare Back Office and/or preferably Supply Chain Information Systems Ability to work on complex projects with general direction and minimal guidance. Ability to work independently as a member of various teams and committees. Ability to multi-task and work under pressure EDUCATION: Bachelor’s degree in Business or related field required. EXPERIENCE: 1-5+ years related work experience in Supply Chain Operations, Accounts Payable, and/or Information System KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS: Experience with SQL & VBA High level of proficiency in Microsoft Office suite (Excel, Access, Powerpoint) is required. Strong relational database systems knowledge Familiarity with ERP systems (Lawson preferred) and Electronic Data Interchange (EDI via GHX) Understands Procure to Pay (P2P) workflows and contracting Good oral and written communications skills as well as grammatical skills.