Department Description: The Data Analyst will be working in the Anesthesia Department, in support of their Quality, Safety, & Innovation objectives. Job Location: Boston, MA Req ID: 26302BR Job Summary: Leverages software applications to design solutions, perform detailed data mapping and analysis, and produce business, research or clinical intelligence. Department Specific Job Responsibilities: Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports. Develop and implement data collection process, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality. Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems. Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets. Implement data quality checks, filter and ¿clean¿ data by reviewing reports and performance indicators to locate and correct data problems. Essential Responsibilities: Maintains integrity & quality of data & assures data conformity meets operational requirements and goals. Assists in planning, establishing & monitoring criteria for data collection. Trains department staff on data acquisition methods. Acts as central resource for data collection. Extracts data from multiple sources. Audits and resolves all issues. Acts as integral member of data collection teams Designs and develops reporting and analysis tools. Interprets data and refines analysis. Prepares and presents comprehensive reports. Develops forms, tables and other data tools in the applications that capture, report and consolidate data. Provides application data collection, analytics and reporting expertise. Complete analytics in a timely and efficient manner. Collaborates with IS to obtain and maintain applications used for data collection and reporting. Recommends tools, upgrades and alternatives. Assists in the development of application security and back-up plans. Coordinates interface solution with multiple applications. Ensures application access is in compliance with all regulatory and medical center practices. Acts as a gatekeeper for the application. Sets and define all user access and determine the level of access. Reports all security risks to the application. Required Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Allied Health or other related required. 3-5 years related work experience required. 1 -3 years of multiple application maintenance with relational databases. Advanced technical computer skills as required for technical support specific to functional area and related systems. Preferred Qualifications: Proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst in a healthcare environment. Experience in data modeling, data mining and segmentation techniques; Experience with Power BI and R a plus. Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets. Competencies: Decision Making: Ability to make decisions that are guided by general instructions and practices requiring some interpretation. May make recommendations for solving problems of moderate complexity and importance. Problem Solving: Ability to address problems that are varied, requiring analysis or interpretation of the situation using direct observation, knowledge and skills based on general precedents. Independence of Action: Ability to follow precedents and procedures. May set priorities and organize work within general guidelines. Seeks assistance when confronted with difficult and/or unpredictable situations. Work progress is monitored by supervisor/manager. Written Communications: Ability to communicate clearly and effectively in written English with internal and external customers. Oral Communications: Ability to comprehend and communicate complex verbal information in English to medical center staff, patients, families and external customers. Knowledge: Ability to demonstrate full working knowledge of standard concepts, practices, procedures and policies with the ability to use them in varied situations. Team Work: Ability to act as a team leader for small projects or work groups, creating a collaborative and respectful team environment and improving workflows. Results may impact the operations of one or more departments. Customer Service: Ability to provide a high level of customer service to patients, visitors, staff and external customers in a professional, service-oriented, respectful manner using skills in active listening and problem-solving. Ability to remain calm in stressful situations. Physical Nature of the Job: Sedentary work: Exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally in carrying, lifting, pushing, pulling objects. Sitting most of the time, with walking and standing required only occasionally