Systems Administrator-1802431 Description Systems Administrator Are you someone who enjoys problem solving and creative solutions? We may have a role for you! We need you to help lead our Atern monitoring service, including console maintenance, monitor development and ongoing analysis of our global environment. You will be motivated and able to work independently, yet work well in a collaborative team environment. No experience with Aternity? No problem! We are willing to train the right person on this platform. This could be an opportunity for someone to expand their technology skillset while working for a solid organization with a wealth of opportunity. In addition to ongoing configuration and management of the Aternity console, your responsibilities will include. Using the SteelCentral Aternity dashboards and ad-hoc analysis to monitor, validate, solve problems and analyze basic to advanced application, device and user performance aspects. You will work with various IT tower leads and business areas to understand business and operational challenges. Create, manage and solve problems custom activities / monitors to achieve monitoring objectives. for applications and various device types. Create and maintain performance dashboards and reports Provide technical training to team or Business partners through training sessions. Prepare administration and support documentation. Requirements for this role are as follows: Experience with Aternity (SteelCentral) monitoring tool preferred. Minimum 5 + years as a corporate information technology senior IT support / operations professional. Demonstrated ability to quickly come up to speed with new technology tools and systems. Commitment to continuing education, particularly with evolving technologies. Minimum 3 + years using monitoring tools to analyze application and hardware health Understanding of IT analysis and troubleshooting methodologies XML skills and understanding network/HTML/HTTP traffic Excellent customer service and organizational skills, and good technical is a plus. This is a full time permanent position located in the Back-Bay area of Boston, MA. What about Perks? Manulife has lots of perks including, but not limited to: Competitive compensation Retirement Savings Accounts including a fully funded Pension Plan and a 401(k) plan with company match. Manulife Share Ownership Program with company match. Customizable Benefits Package including Health, Dental and Vision. Generous time off policy. Financial support for ongoing training, learning, and education DressSmart flexible work attire policy. An abundance of career paths and opportunities to advance A flexible work environment with flex hours, work from home arrangements, distributed teams, and condensed work week arrangements. This is a full time permanent role located in the Back-Bay area of Boston, MA. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. About Manulife/John Hancock Manulife Financial Corporation is a leading international financial services group that helps people achieve their dreams and aspirations by putting customers' needs first and providing the right advice and solutions. We operate primarily as John Hancock in the United States and Manulife elsewhere. We provide financial advice, insurance, as well as wealth and asset management solutions for individuals, groups and institutions. At the end of 2017, we had approximately 34,000 employees, 73,000 agents, and thousands of distribution partners, serving more than 26 million customers. As of December 31, 2017, we had over $1.04 trillion (US$829.4 billion) in assets under management and administration, and in the previous 12 months we made $26.7 billion in payments to our customers. Our principal operations are in Asia, Canada and the United States where we have served customers for more than 100 years. With our global headquarters in Toronto, Canada, we trade as 'MFC' on the Toronto, New York, and the Philippine stock exchanges and under '945' in Hong Kong. Primary Location: US-MA-Boston Other Locations: CA-ON-Toronto, CA-ON-Waterloo Business Unit: GIS - Gross Job Function: Information Technology Job Type: Standard Schedule: Full-time Job Posting: Jun 27, 2018, 12:10:48 PM Unposting Date: Ongoing