Position Description: Symetra is a dynamic and growing financial services company with 60 years of experience and customers nationwide. In our daily work delivering retirement, employee benefits, and life insurance products, we're guided by the principles of VALUE, TRANSPARENCY AND SUSTAINABILITY. That means we provide products and services people need at a competitive price, we communicate clearly and honestly so people understand what they're getting, and we build products that stand the test of time. We work hard and do what's right for our customers, communities and employees. Join our team and share in our success as we work toward becoming the next national player in our industry. Symetra is growing the Cloud Enablement team and is seeking a highly motivated Cloud Engineer that is results-oriented. This role will work closely with architects and application developers to enable a highly integrated AWS infrastructure and build pipeline for the organization. This individual will be influential in designing and building a CI/CD pipeline, starting from the ground floor. The role will also focus and develop/code automation of common IT tasks. To be successful in this role the candidate must continuously learn new technologies and methods, have prior software development experience, and work with a team operating in an agile, start-up like manner. Core Values: We win as a team COLLABORATIVE | APPRECIATIVE | OPTIMISTIC | RESPECTFUL We support each other. We share what we know freely. We form strong partnerships -- inside and outside Symetra -- based on mutual respect. We value a diversity of perspectives. We maintain a positive attitude and celebrate our successes. We're tenacious students of the business STRATEGIC | KNOWLEDGEABLE | GOAL-ORIENTED | DISCIPLINED We believe in knowing our industry and our company -- from our products to our distribution partners to our competitors. We develop a deep understanding of our customers' needs. We're constantly learning and adding to our expertise. We're dedicated to excellence INNOVATIVE | CREATIVE | EMPOWERED | DEDICATED We ask what's next, what else, and what more we can achieve. We're forward- thinking and seek to be innovative with our products and our processes. We're never satisfied with the status quo and strive for nonstop improvement. We're resourceful problem-solvers. We do what's right -- every time INTEGRITY | HONESTY | RESPONSIBILITY We set an example for the financial industry. We do the right thing -- even when it's difficult. We operate with absolute integrity. We're swift to serve EXCEPTIONAL SERVICE | GREAT PARTNERS | CARING | COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT We do our utmost to serve those who depend on us -- our customers, our colleagues, our communities and the partners who represent our products. We work hard to meet their needs and exceed their expectations. Responsibilities/Skills you would bring: Effectively participates in team working sessions to build/configure AWS services to meet standards, architecture patterns, and operational policies. Proactively identify opportunities for automation Develop bespoke solutions with repeatable patterns Develop automated workflows for infrastructure builds and application deployments (CloudFormation, Terraform, Puppet) Influential participant in implementing DevOps best practices, principles, and processes to support teams building digital assets (Jenkins, CircleCI) Influential participant in Cloud & application security, infrastructure logging, and application monitoring solutions (AWS GuardDuty, KMS, New Relic, Packer) Responsible for the availability, maintenance, and maturity of technology tool-chains supporting DevOps and AWS activities Is a self-starter, has a positive attitude, and has a strong desire to think outside the box when engineering solutions Requirements: Ability to cross train associate team members and other subject matter expertise to assist with expanding adoption of AWS services across the organization Education Required: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field. Minimum Years of Related Work Experience Required: 4+ years of experience working as a DevOps or Site Reliability engineer on systems at an organization already leveraging AWS services. 2+ years of demonstrable building and operating infrastructure as code. Comfortable with both Windows and open source systems. Excellent communication, written, and presentation skills. 1+ years of experience working with a Cloud-focused team operating from a prioritization backlog. Preferred: Active DevOps or Open Source community member Experience with Container platforms (Docker, Kubernetes, Fargate) Proficient in Python, Bash, or Powershell Learn more at www.symetra.com/careers Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled