FleishmanHillard San Francisco is seeking a passionate and innovative Junior Graphic Designer with 1-2 years of professional experience to join our Social + Creative team. We’re seeking a skilled content creator who will thrive in a fast-paced, high-performing environment. Our ideal candidate must have a strong understanding of the fundamentals: typography, color theory and layout etc., and a drive to deliver beautiful, thoughtful, and inventive creative solutions that cross social media, web, print, and presentation, design and layout. The right candidate is an enthusiastic team player, passionate about design, proactive, a quick learner, and excited about the opportunity to grow and be challenged as a creative professional. If this sounds like you and you have the portfolio to prove it, apply today. To see some of our past award-winning work please check us out at http://fleishmanhillard.com/work/. Responsibilities Include Using the Adobe Creative Suite, create dynamic social media, web, print and presentation designs under the guidance of the Design Director. Translate business and marketing objectives into compelling content that is visually engaging. Collaborate with Social & Creative team to create infographics, icons, logos, key visuals and promotional elements along with creative elements of large-scale integrated campaigns. Apply industry best practices and established brand style guides to assignments. Work across our five practice groups to brainstorm and implement creative programs. Key Qualifications Bachelor's degree in graphic design or a related field. 1-2 years professional, hands-on design experience or equivalent body of work. Well-rounded design experience as demonstrated through portfolio that includes collateral design and production, social/online content development and production, and graphic identity development. Experience using Adobe Creative Cloud Suite, specifically Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign. Experience with AfterEffects a plus. An understanding of fundamental design skills, production, a strong sense of color, typography, and design composition. Knowledgeable in various social media platforms including content optimization and technical specs. Passionate about storytelling, visual communication and creating engaging experiences. Ability to juggle multiple projects in a fast-paced, demanding environment. Highly motivated and able to thrive in both large-scale collaborative environments as well as independently. Comfortable working under tight deadlines and on multiple projects simultaneously. Strong communication skills, both written and verbal. Experience creating templates and presentation designs in PowerPoint and Microsoft Office is a plus. If this description is an accurate representation of your arsenal of skills, please send us the following: 1\. A link to your website or video channel showcasing your portfolio. 2\. A cover letter. 3\. Your resume. Only candidates who apply through FleishmanHillard’s website will be considered. Please do not contact the San Francisco office directly. About FleishmanHillard FleishmanHillard specializes in public relations, reputation management, public affairs, brand marketing, digital strategy, social engagement and content strategy. We have been named PRWeek’s Global Agency of the Year and Best Places to Work; a “Standout Agency” on Advertising Age’s A-List; NAFE’s “Top 50 Companies for Executive Women” for six years running; and among our firm’s award-winning work we’ve taken home 5 Lions in the past two years at the Cannes International Festival of Creativity. We’re also more motivated by what we can give than what we receive, and in our 70th year we’ve initiated a worldwide service commitment to support social inclusion in the communities in which we work and live. FleishmanHillard is part of Omnicom Public Relations Group, a division of Omnicom Group Inc., and has more than 85 offices in 30 countries, plus affiliates in 43 countries. Visit us at www.fleishmanhillard.com. FleishmanHillard is committed to equal employment opportunity and affirmative action. FleishmanHillard does not discriminate in any aspect of employment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, age, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local employment discrimination laws where FleishmanHillard does business. FleishmanHillard will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.