As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for four consecutive years. The Department of Pharmaceutics , part of the highly collaborative, interdisciplinary School of Pharmacy , currently has an outstanding opportunity for a Program Operations Specialist for our Graduate Program. Under of the Administrator, this individual will be responsible for managing all aspects of our graduate student program and related administrative duties. We are looking for someone who is proactive, works well with minimal supervision independently and in a team setting. This person must have outstanding organizational, communication and interpersonal skills, and excellent attention to detail. Main duties: Recruitment Manager for Pharmaceutics PhD Student Programs Organize and coordinate the students applicant pool processing under the lead of the Graduate Program Director; maintain students’ records andcumulative databases/tracking of applicant pool and applicant demographics; follow UW retention schedule for proper files retention, archiving and disposition of student files. Establish and refine recruitment success metrics to ensure continued program success. Create yearly applicant database and maintain confidential application files. Communicate with applicants to provide departmental information and monitor status. Direct and arrange applicants’ / students’ visits, including travel and lodging. Organize yearly new graduate student orientation/visit days/recruitment/faculty student evaluation retreats, etc. Graduate Student Liaison Advise graduate students regarding administrative matters including, but not limited to enrollment, add codes, academic requirements and leaves. Monitor students’ progress toward graduation. Ensure continued departmental contact with department alumni and maintain alumni information database. Curriculum Specialist Process all curriculum changes, ensure compliance with School curriculum committee and UW curriculum office. Exercise independent judgment in interpreting and applying rules and regulations as they relate to curriculum requirements. Manage logistical aspects, coordinate, schedule, and monitor activities relating to the curriculum to assure consistency with department and SOP needs, and university requirements. Oversee the production and communication of curriculum materials and information, including print and electronic, and copyright protected material used in lecture notes. Serve as the department contact person for information on the curriculum and as administrative member for PCEUT on the SOP Curriculum Committee. Provide information to faculty, staff, and others regarding curriculum content and developments. Public Information Manager Serve as department webmaster for curriculum-related content (class materials) and other general department content on the Pharmaceutics website. Create new pages and write content for department, course, and facilities sites. Coordinate social media and student outreach efforts. Attend SOP web administration meetings. Respond to applicant email inquiries received through the department email account posted on the website. Miscellaneous Provide advanced technical troubleshooting to faculty, staff, and students for department technology. Make travel arrangements for faculty, students, and visiting faculty related to graduate program events; Reserve rooms for classes/seminars/meetings Assist faculty with course evaluations and grading. Assemble course packs. Occasionally manage special departmental projects. As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For detailed information on Benefits for this position, click here. REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's Degree or equivalent AND two years of experience in a higher education setting, OR equivalent education/experience. Familiarity with UW systems including UW Travel, eProcurement and the reimbursement process. Proficient in Microsoft Office (specifically Word and Excel), Ability to work with a diverse constituency. Ability to communicate effectively and efficiently in a friendly manner. Ability to occasionally work outside regular hours, especially in late winter. Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except where there are legal requirements such as license/certification/registration. DESIRED: Knowledge of online student programs/databases such as UW Student Database, MyGrad Program, etc. Familiarity with University and Federal requirements relating to job related tasks including travel, NIH grants, curriculum. Familiarity with University and Federal requirements relating to NIH training grants.