Duties Summary The foundation for success of the Defense Commissary Agency mission is our people. It is DeCA's goal to have a workforce that is comprised of our nation's diverse cultures and backgrounds. DeCA operates a worldwide commissary system that provides quality grocery products to active duty military personnel and retirees, members of the Reserve and National Guard, and their families, as well as current DeCA employees. The agency employs over 15,000 people and its annual sales exceed $4 billion. Responsibilities Assist customers answering questions such as item price or location and handling bulky/ heavy items. Operate an electronic checkout system to record unit price, total customer purchase and make correct change. Perform a variety of duties in handling, preparing and maintaining stock levels of grocery and produce items. Review stock levels and gather inventory data in order to maintain the Computer Assisted Ordering (CAO) system. Prepare and maintain a variety of documents to order commissary items, reconcile invoices and submit requisitions. Maintain security, safety and sanitation practices and procedures. Travel Required Not required Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 4 Job family (Series) 1101 General Business And Industry Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment Must be a US Citizen Must apply by 11:59 EST on the closing date of vacancy Work Schedule: Part Time not to exceed 64 hours bi-weekly Tour of Duty: Irregular Schedule including nights, weekends, and holidays Permanent change of Station (PCS) Cost: ARE NOT AUTHORIZED Position Sensitivity: Non-sensitive Security Requirements: Not required Overtime: Occasionally Temporary Duty (TDY) Travel: No Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA): Non-exempt Bargaining Unit Position: Yes Drug Testing: Not Required Physical Requirement: Requires frequent lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, and handling of products weighing between 30 and 40 pounds without assistance. Obligated Position: No Selective Service Requirement: All male applicants born after December 31, 1959 must be registered with the selective service system. Please visit https://www.sss.gov for more information. Qualifications In accordance with the Group Coverage Qualification Standards for Clerical and Administrative Support Positions, http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/Standards/group-stds/gs- cler.asp.applications, to qualify for this position, by the closing date of this announcement, you must possess one of the following: (a) One year of general experience General experience is described as progressively responsible clerical, office, or other work that indicates ability to acquire the particular knowledge and skills needed to perform the duties of the position to be filled. OR (b) One full year of post high school education from a college or university accredited by an organization approved by the U.S. Department of Education (https://ope.ed.gov/accreditation/) and in an appropriate field of study as described elsewhere in this announcement. OR (c) A combination of experience and education equaling 100% of the qualifications. Volunteer Experience : Your experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through a National Service program (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, and social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Education If you are relying on education to qualify, then: Your education must be from a college or university accredited by an organization approved by the U.S. Department of Education. See https://ope.ed.gov/accreditation/ for more information. To be creditable, education must be in a major field such as business administration, public administration, agricultural economics (food industry management), or other fields related to the position. The education must have equipped you with the knowledge and ability to perform the work of the position. This would be evidenced by on-the-job training in food retail management or in internship or practicum in food retail management. Failure to provide transcripts will result in you being rated ineligible for this position. We accept unofficial transcripts for the application process, as long as they contain your name, the name of the school, the date and degree awarded, and the list of classes and credits earned. Transcripts must be received by this office no later than 11:59 PM EST on the closing date in order to be considered. If selected, an official transcript MUST be received before an Entrance of Duty date is set. Additional information Additional vacancies may be filled from this announcement upon its closing. If selected, you may be required to serve a two-year probationary period. Deliberate attempts to falsify your application information, such as copying portions of this job announcement into your resume, may result in you being removed from consideration. Individual with Financial Difficulty: https://hru.gov/Studio_Recruitment/tools/Mythbuster_on_Federal_Hiring_Policies.pdf. REGARDING INTERVIEWS : Interviews may be required for this position. Accommodations may be made to conduct telephonic interviews to preclude travel hardships for applicants. Interagency Career Transition Assistance Programs : This program applies to employees who have been involuntarily separated from a Federal service position within the competitive service or Federal service employees whose positions have been deemed surplus or no longer needed. To receive selection priority for this position, you must: 1) meet ICTAP eligibility criteria; 2) be rated well-qualified for the position with a score of 85 or above; and 3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your ICTAP eligibility. For more information: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/workforce-restructuring/employee- guide-to-career-transition/ Re-employed Annuitant: A former Federal employee who has retired under either the Civil Service Retirement System (CSRS) or Federal Employees Retirement System (FERS) is an Annuitant. An annuitant cannot be hired (i.e. re-employed) unless the vacant position meets the criteria in the Department of Defense (DOD) policy on employment of annuitants issued December 10, 2008. " Re-employed Annuitant : Does Not Meet Criteria" the vacancy does not meet the criteria for appointment of annuitants (irrespective of eligibility or qualifications). Annuitant applicants are advised, in accordance with DoD Policy, that further consideration for the vacancy is not permitted. http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives/corres/pdf/1400.25-V300.pdf If you are using part-time work to qualify for this position, be sure your resume reflects the beginning and ending dates of your employment and the number of hours you worked per week. Those selected for this position must submit a completed and signed OF-306 Declaration of Federal Employment. You may complete and submit this form with your application and other supporting documents, if you choose. How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. Specifically you will be evaluated on the following Competencies: Clerical and Administrative Communication Customer Service Electronic Checkout System Safety and Housekeeping Store Operations REVIEW OF APPLICATION DOCUMENTS (FOR ALL APPLICANTS): To determine if you meet the qualifications, requirements and quality of experience required for this position, we review your resume, supporting documents and responses to the questionnaire. The score you receive is a measure of the degree to which your background matches the competencies required. If, after this review, we determine that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience we can and will adjust your score to more accurately reflect your qualifications for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully as errors or omissions may affect your rating. Based on the results of the evaluation process, we place those who apply under delegated examining procedures in one of the following quality categories: Best-Qualified : Candidates who possess the type and quality of experience that substantially exceeds the position's minimum qualifications, including all selective placement factors and appropriate quality ranking factors. Highly-Qualified : Candidates who possess the type and quality of experience that exceeds the position's minimum qualifications. Qualified : Candidates who meet the minimum qualifications and are proficient in some but not all of the position's requirements. We send candidates in the Best-Qualified category to the hiring manager for employment consideration first. We send candidates in other categories to the hiring manager based on category rating procedures. https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/hiring-information/competitive- hiring/url=Category-Rating Veterans in the Best-Qualified category who (1) provide all applicable and required documents (See the Required Documents section for more information) and (2) meet all the positions' requirements are referred before non-veteran candidates. If there are no veterans in the Best-Qualified category meeting these criteria, we refer non-veteran candidates for employment consideration. Veterans Preference: If you are entitled to veterans preference, you should indicate the type of veterans' preference you are claiming on your resume. Your veterans' preference entitlement will be verified by the employing agency. If you are entitled to veterans' preference and qualified for the position, your name will be placed above non-preference candidates on a list sent to the hiring manager for employment consideration. Qualified veterans' preference eligible with a service-connected disability of 10% or more will be listed at the top of the highest quality category depending on the position and grade level of the job. For information on entitlement see http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx . Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Other Drug test required No Required Documents Required Documents Application packages should include the following documents: Resume: Required. To ensure full consideration of your experience and education we encourage you to use the USAJOBS resume builder to prepare your resume or to guide you in preparing your resume. See http://www.usajobs.gov/Content/pdfs/Tutorials-Resume for more information. For qualifications determinations your resume must contain a description of your duties, the number of hours worked per week and the beginning and ending dates (month/year) for each position. Resumes that do not contain this information will be marked as insufficient and applicants may not receive consideration for this position. Questionnaire: Required Transcripts: If applicable If you are claiming Veterans' Preference, you must submit supporting documents with your application package. These documents must provide acceptable documentation to verify: the type of preference claimed (i.e. 5 point, 10-point, etc.) and the character of the service (i.e. Honorable Discharge). A copy of your DD214, "Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," Showing your Character of Service is required when claiming veterans preference. The member 4 copy of your DD214, "Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable. If unable to verify Character of Service, you will not receive veterans preference. If claiming 10 point preference, you will need to submit a Standard Form 15 "Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference", http://www.opm.gov/Forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf . If you are currently serving on active duty and expected to be released or discharged within the next 120 days: You must submit written documentation from the armed forces that certifies you are expected to be discharged or released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions not later than 120 days from the date the written documentation is signed. If selected, additional documentation may be required prior to appointment. Additional required supporting documentation: Required documents vary based on the authority under which you are applying (i.e. current permanent Federal employee, military spouse, Schedule A, etc.). See http://www.dla.mil/Portals/104/Documents/Careers/downloads/DeCASupDoc2.pdf for more information. If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education . Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits . Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.