Data Facilities Engineer Seattle, WA Full Time Come to Seattle, WA, to Help Build Public Safety Solutions with Comtech! To learn more about Comtech Telecommunications (CMTL) , visit our website by clicking here. You can see the big picture, and get excited about developing and maintaining applications that support emergency 9-1-1 (E911) systems. You also crave an opportunity to work with the best and brightest software development teams, in an environment that is rewarding and collaborative. Your New Opportunity Assists in the day-to-day maintenance and administration of TCS’ production data centers. Coordinates data center testing schedules and assists in vendor management, quality control, and best practices for two geographically redundant data centers. Helps to ensure on-going capability of high- availability production data centers to support E-9-1-1, Commercial Location, Wireless Infrastructure, Wireless Data Delivery along with other Public Safety Applications. PRIMARY DUTIES: Provide support for data center physical plant issues (HVAC; Power – Municipal supply, UPS, Generators, DC rectifiers; Fire Suppression). Assist with the preparation of recommendations for data center structural changes and capacity planning. Act as technical liaison with Network Engineers and System Engineers for Data Center facilities issues. Perform extensive cabling and manage all 3rd party cabling relationships. Ultimately responsible for accurate asset tracking and tagging for data center and lab equipment. Manage vendor relations and coordinate 3rd party testing of major physical plant elements. Prepare documentation that supports data facility requirements, planning, layout and physical plant monitoring and operation. Implement Quality Process Procedures to ensure the optimal performance of the TCS data centers and plant systems. Prepare disaster recovery documentation and support training programs as needed. Assist in basic troubleshooting of circuits. Other duties as assigned. AS A DATA FACILITIES ENGINEER YOU WILL HAVE THE FOLLOWING EXPEIRENCE/SKILLS/EDUCATION: Knowledge of data center physical plant elements including: Municipal Power Plant UPS Generated Power Facilities DC Rectifiers Fire Suppression Systems HVAC Systems Equipment Racking Systems Cable Management Systems Experience working with Telecommunications providers on building entrance diversity. Knowledge of basic circuit standards/ types; familiarity with common networking terminology Experience with data center facilities layout and design is desirable. Ability to excel in a team environment that emphasizes cooperation and mutual respect. ADDITIONAL VALUED CAPABILITIES INCLUDE: Associates Degree in a technical discipline. Minimum 3 years of experience in a complex data center environment. Experience in operating high availability data facilities. Experience running, creating, labeling and testing CAT5-6, V.35, and Fiber. Experience with Fiber MUX and DSX, MDF and IDF Distribution panels. Experience using T-Bird, Sunset, Flukes and Micro scanners. Detail-oriented, with strong analytical skills. Self-motivated with ability to work to high performance targets with minimal direct supervision. Willing to work extra time as necessary to meet project deadlines. Willing to travel 20 – 30%. Comtech is an Equal Opportunity Employer