Description/Job Summary Job Overview: The Customer Service Specialist may work in either a Food or Facilities operation. Their main function is to handle customer service interactions through either face-to-face, email or telephone communications. The Customer Support Specialist may also be required to record and document various client interactions for management follow-up. The general responsibilities of the position include those listed below, but Sodexo may identify other responsibilities of the position. These responsibilities may differ among accounts, depending on business necessities and client requirements. _General Responsibilities:_ Handles customer service inquiries and problems via the telephone, recording recurring problem areas. Provides immediate assistance to customers as requested. Maintains a method to document, track and research customer input. Shares recurrent problems identified by customer input. Reviews statistics and trends with appropriate personnel. Identifies needs and makes recommendations for quality improvement that creates perceived value to customers. May respond to e-mail inquiries. May send written communications in response to customer comment forms. Complies with all Sodexo HACCP/OSHA, and/ or local policies and procedures related to all assigned work. Reports all accidents and injuries in a timely manner. Complies with all company safety and risk management policies and procedures. Participates in regular safety meetings, safety training and hazard assessments. Attends training programs (classroom and virtual) as designated. May perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned. _Job Qualifications:_ _Experience/Knowledge:_ High School diploma, GED, or equivalent experience. 0 to 2 years related experience. _Skills/Aptitude:_ Presents self in a highly professional manner to others and understands that honesty and ethics are essential. Ability to maintain a positive attitude. Ability to communicate with co-workers and other departments with professionalism and respect. Maintains a professional relationship with all coworkers, vendor representatives, supervisors, managers, customers, and client representatives. Must have basic phone and computer skills (email, texting, etc.). _License/Qualifications_ Certifications: None. _General Qualifications:_ Willingness to be open to learning and growing. Maturity of judgment and behavior. Maintains high standards for work areas and appearance. Maintains a positive attitude. Ability to work a flexible schedule helpful. Must comply with any dress code requirements. Must be able to work nights, weekends and some holidays. Attends work and shows up for scheduled shift on time with satisfactory regularity. _Physical Requirements:_ Close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus, with or without corrective lenses. Significant walking or other means of mobility. Ability to work in a standing position for long periods of time (up to 8 hours). Ability to reach, bend, stoop, push and/or pull, and frequently lift up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift/move 40 pounds. _Working Conditions (may add additional conditions specific to defined work location):_ Generally in an indoor setting; however, may supervise outside activities and events. Varying schedule to include evenings, holidays, weekends and extended hours as business dictates. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is primarily in a controlled, temperate environment; however, may be exposed to heat/cold during support of outside activities. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate to loud. Details SodexoMAGIC in Chicago, IL has immediate openings for Concierges/Customer Service Specialists. You will be the first point of contact impression for any customers requests working across several departments to resolve the customers concerns. Additionally, you will track the customer requests from concern to resolution. The successful candidate will have 2+ years of on site customer service experience with excellent administrative and organizational skills and the ability to maintain a professional demeanor at all times. At SodexoMAGIC, you will find the components for a great career in the service industry. With benefits including a Monday - Friday, hours between 7am-5pm schedule, a competitive pay rate of $14-$18/hr based on experience and skillset, comprehensive benefits package(healthcare, dental, vision and 401K) you'll enjoy an improved quality of life that's unique in the service industry.