Job Description POSITION SUMMARY The Data Architecture Manager role with Spark Foundry is an excellent opportunity for someone looking to further advance their skillset in the field of Data-driven Digital Marketing. This will be a data-focused role that involves working with clients on data strategy, data onboarding and data insights as well as internally with operations, analysts and client teams. The Manager is responsible for discussing data strategies and DMP implementations with clients, leading data targeting and optimization strategies across assigned accounts and working internally with the Programmatic buying teams to make sure the data strategies are implemented properly. This is a client-facing role and you will be expected to communicate technical concepts to your assigned client(s) and to ensure account success and customer satisfaction. You will also be expected to learn the capabilities of multiple DSP and DMP platforms, attend training sessions with numerous vendors and communicate internally to their strengths and weaknesses. This is a unique opportunity at Spark Foundry with the potential to help build out a team/department of data architects. SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES Manage data strategy for advertising clients and communicate strategies/recommendations to clients using a consultative approach. Work with Data Management Platform (DMP) partners and manage day-to-day onboarding of client data. Leverage data to assess, diagnose and prescribe campaign optimizations to exceed client expectations. Extract insights from data and effectively communicate to clients in relation to their goals and objectives. Share results from audience analytics reports with clients when available. Actively attend training sessions with various vendors and inquire about data and platform capabilities. Develop and present DMP and Data 101 presentations to clients. Assist in the development of client-facing materials including data presentations and audience performance reports. Develop a strong overall understanding of the client’s business objective and demonstrate through campaign results how data targeting can help them achieve their business goals. Participate in team meetings and knowledge sessions to share new strategies for targeting campaigns and to provide feedback on platform and data performance. Qualifications REQUIRED SKILLS The ideal candidate will have at least 3-5years prior digital advertising experience in a client services capacity with hands-on knowledge of the DSP/DMP landscape, as well as a passion for data-driven advertising and insights. Experience managing Online Display, Video and Mobile campaigns as well as with AdTech platform Understanding and experience with DSPs, DMPs, 3rd Party data, pixels and Ad Servers Familiarity with customer acquisition goals and optimizing to CPA, CTR, Completion Rate, etc. Strong analytical skills, technical know-how and strategic thinking Excellent interpersonal, oral, and written communications skills Strong attention to detail and ability to follow projects through to completion Ability to communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience Proficiency in Microsoft Office solutions Project Management skills Highly organized with attention to detail Additional Information WHO WE ARE Throughout our rich history, we’ve taken pride in our ongoing legacy of and commitment to constant evolution. It’s in our DNA to evolve. By melding the spirit of a startup and the soul of a powerhouse across our business, we aim to bring modern heat to brands – the kind of heat that arises at the intersection of startup and powerhouse; of data and content; of art and science; of old and new. Energy and innovation fuels our startup spirit, while the unrivaled marketplace clout, exclusive partnerships, and global practice capabilities we have at our disposal as a full-service Publicis Media agency deliver our powerhouse soul for our clients. We hope you’ll take a few moments to learn more about us, and to begin thinking about how we might put “the power of plus” to work for you (http://www.sparkfoundryww.com/). Spark Foundry is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.