Seattle, WA We are committed to our mission: Through excellence, we create once-in-a- lifetime experiences, every time. We welcome your interest in joining the Holland America Group - a division of Carnival Corp. The Holland America Group includes Holland America Line and Seabourn (both headquartered in Seattle, Washington), Princess Cruise Lines (headquartered in Santa Clarita, California), and P&O; Australia (headquartered in Sydney). The Holland America Group operates a combined total of 41 cruise ships with over 50,000 employees worldwide. This position will be located in our Seattle offices. Job Details The Security Operations Analyst assists in developing and maintaining an integrated security program to protect the integrity, confidentiality, and availability of information systems assets. Performing security administration functions and providing technical support on security related issues to end- users. Responsible for monitoring computing practices to ensure that individual and departmental access and rights, resources, and information are secure. Responsibilities: Perform security monitoring functions on various platform types: network devices, servers, applications, and databases. Monitor SIEM (firewalls, servers, web proxies), IDS/IPS, WAF logs to identify malicious activity and attack patterns and participate in the incident response process when suspicious activity is noted. Monitor security related websites and email distributions to possess knowledge of common exploits, vulnerabilities and countermeasures. Escalate any high risk security threats to the Information Security Management. Prepare and analyze incident investigation reports on security violations reported by end-users or noted through the monitoring process, in accordance with defined investigation procedures. Assist in implementation of corporate security policy functions/procedures that align to security mandates/standards that include Sarbanes-Oxley, HIPPA, and PCI compliance. Routinely monitor and perform periodic audits to ensure production environments maintain necessary controls, integrity, and accessibility of data. Analyze vulnerabilities and develop recommended action plans to mitigate risks. Perform policy compliance (hardening) checks to enforce security standards on network devices, endpoints (Windows, Open Systems, etc.), databases, and enterprise applications. Configure and monitor security products, which include: anti-virus (A/V), APT, DLP, WAF, web content filtering, IDS/IPS, vulnerability scanners, forensics tools, SIEM, database monitoring, and e-mail content filters. Handle vulnerability management process, which includes: scoping, vulnerability scanning, penetration testing, reporting, ticket administration, and remediation follow-up tasks. Recognize and identify potential gaps in areas where existing data security policies and procedures require changes, or where new ones need to be developed, especially regarding future business expansion. Coordinate information between GISCS and other departments to ensure security measures are enforced as requested by his/her manager. Assist in maintaining policy and procedures that are designed to protect designed computer programs, databases and data files from unauthorized or accidental duplication, modification or destruction. Support on-call rotation to respond to critical alerts and/or security incident escalations. Perform other information security system functions, as assigned by the Information Security Manager/Supervisor. Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in management information system, computer science, or related work experience 2 years’ experience within information security or network security Experience working with the following solutions: anti-virus, APT detection, data loss protection (DLP), WAF, web content filtering, IDS/IPS, vulnerability scanners, forensics tools, SIEM, DB monitors. Experience working with networking device components (i.e., managed switches, routers, and firewalls). Experience managing web content filtering, spam e-mail filtering, and e-mail related incidents. Experience with managing vulnerability scanning (static/dynamic) and penetration testing. Familiarity with fundamentals in networking/distributed computing environment concepts; ability to configure and/or correlate information in DNS, and understands basic network routing concepts. Broad technical knowledge and experience which includes the following: TCP/IP, Active Directory, Microsoft Windows platforms (desktop/server), Open System platforms (desktop/servers), database platforms (SQL/Oracle) Programming and/or scripting experience preferred (e.g., Perl, Batch, or C) Service-oriented and must work easily with end users, IT administrators, and management. Industry recognized technical certification desired (MCSE, CCNA, CISSP, CISA, Security+) Excellent oral and written communication skills Ability to administer and interpret information security policies Strong organizational and analytical skills Ability to multi-task and handle changing priorities _Benefits..._ Flexible Work Schedule! – 9/80 alternative workweek schedule option providing each employee with one (1) weekday off every two weeks. Time off benefits – 8 paid holidays, paid vacation and paid sick time Travel – Generous Cruise and Travel Privileges for you and your family Health – Complete benefit plans including medical, dental, vision and flexible spending accounts Wellness – Health and wellness programs include discounted health benefits and memberships Tuition Reimbursement – Up to 80% with a maximum of $2000 per fiscal year 401(k) – Company match of 33% on employees first 6% contribution with 100% vesting after 4 years of service Profit Sharing Plan – Eligible after 1 year of service Employee Stock Purchase Plan – Discount on Carnival Corporation stock Training – In-house Discover University courses on professional development Rewards & Incentives – Employee Recognition and Reward Programs; rideshare, financial commuter incentives; special employee discounts for local venues, banking services and retail stores _Next Steps…_ For more than 140 years, Holland America Line has been a recognized leader in cruising, taking our guests to exotic destinations around the world. Apply today and set sail on an exciting new career course! Our application process is quick and easy, be sure to login to our Talent Center and create a profile and then apply directly to your specific job.