MapR Technologies, a provider of the industry’s leading data platform for AI and Analytics, enables enterprises to inject analytics into their business processes to increase revenue, reduce costs, and mitigate risks. MapR addresses the data complexities of high-scale and mission-critical distributed processing from the cloud to the edge, IoT analytics, and container persistence. Global 2000 enterprises trust the MapR Data Platform to help them solve their most complex AI and analytics challenges. Amazon, Cisco, Google, Microsoft, SAP and other leading businesses are all part of the MapR ecosystem. For more information, visit www.mapr.com. IT DIRECTOR – Network & Infrastructure Ensure overall IT Infrastructure and Security strategy in alignment with MapR business objectives. Responsible for solution evaluation, TCO/ROI analysis, vendor, contracts, and license management, pricing negotiations, budget and cost management, across multiple IT initiatives. Responsible for capturing business requirements, architecture, design, deployment, operations and lifecycle management of all MapR Network, Systems, and Security services. Enterprise-wide project management and change management capability, ensuring the delivery, governance, and risk-management of large-scale initiatives. Support engineering organization requirements for product development and Cloud Infrastructure. Manage SoX ITGC, ITIL framework policies and procedures (including incident, problem, change management) to ensure compliance. Manage business continuity and recovery of company's information systems, including design, planning, implementation, and documentation. Manage IT Infrastructure SLA’s, IT service KPI’s and dashboards. Manages all aspects of responses to commercial and public-sector IT RFP, RFQ, and RFI processes. Mentor, coach and build high-performing teams. Able to perform hands-on technical administration for all IT systems and services. Technical Skills: Experience managing GSuite and Office 365 applications Experience with Palo Alto network firewalls, Sonicwalls, Cisco Routers, Switches, HP Comware and Procurve switches Experience with Cisco Meraki, Switches, WiFi with EAP-TLS Certificate authentication Windows 2012, 2016, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, LDAP. Experience with large-scale SSO integrations, Okta preferred. Virtualization technologies VMWare (VSphere, ESX and V Center) Experience with Veeam, BackUp Exec, Cloud Backup solutions. Experience with network security solutions, data protection, application control, endpoint management Experience with Hybrid cloud, multi-cloud infrastructures Azure, AWS, Datacenter interconnections. Experience managing AWS infrastructure, EC2, S3, VPC, Route 53, CloudTrail, CloudWatch, ELB. Experience deploying and managing distributed Linux systems. Experience with automation and pipelines, Jenkins, shell and python scripting. Experience with infrastructure monitoring (SNMP, Syslog, Netflow) and dashboards (preferably Tableau)