The Cloud Developer Intern is responsible for assisting in the development, delivery and support of all Martin Brower cloud services, environments and applications. The person in this role will be responsible for implementing solutions for existing environments, as well as building innovative solutions to solve business problems. This position will be active for the summer of 2018. Position Responsibilities may include, but not limited to: Develop internal applications that assist in the management of Martin Brower’s cloud environment. Contribute to an automated testing framework for testing configurations. Assist in all aspects of SDLC (Systems Development Life Cycle) activities where necessary. Analyze system issues to accommodate business needs by providing level 1 & 2 supports for Martin-Brower cloud applications using standard, best practice incident management processes (e.g. ITIL). Develop, maintain and continually progress in knowledge of Martin Bower’s applications, including but not limited to: Warehouse, Transportation & Operations Applications: WMS systems, transportation systems Create training, support, process documents, and test scripts Independently manage small-to-medium application and implementation projects Any other duties as assigned Position Requirements: Required Skills and Experience: Working towards a four-year Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering, Computer Science or related field. Non-degreed candidates with an appropriate combination of education and experience may be considered. Must be able to work a full time schedule for the summer of 2017. Preferred Skills and Experience: 2+ years’ experience writing software in Python or other object oriented languages. Exposure to databases relational and non-relational. Exposure to Linux or other UNIX based operating systems. Exposure to working configuration management tools. Knowledge of the Software Development Life Cycle, and experience with source control management tools like SVN or GIT. In depth of understanding of application programming concepts & tools such as IDE’s. Expert user in Microsoft Office with outstanding interpersonal skills Preferred Technical Skills and Experience: Python Selenium SQL Terraform/Ansible Jenkins GIT/GitLab Linux/Unix Core Competencies Adaptability Accepts and adapts to changes Learns new skills to meet new needs of the business Suggests changes and improvements Quality Work Output Produces quality work Follows safety practices and compliance policies Uses time wisely and gets things done Meets or exceeds deadlines Takes responsibility for own actions Service Orientation Supports the company’s mission, vision and values Meets or exceeds customer needs Responds to requests in a timely manner Takes initiative to meet customers’ needs Resourcefulness Uses materials, processes and tools efficiently Takes initiative to solve problems Does the most important work first Gets things done while still upholding ethics, integrity, compliance and company values Teamwork Works with others to get things done Openly shares feedback and information that helps the team Treats others with respect Is approachable to others Listens so others feel heard Develops relationships built on trust Physical Demands and Work Environment : Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Due to the nature of our business in regard to such things as delivery schedules, order inputs, selection, and Department of Transportation Hours of Service, overtime, attendance and punctuality are essential job functions. Should an individual in this classification not be able to adhere to this requirement due to a disability, they should contact their Human Resources department to see what, if any, reasonable accommodation may be made. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation and gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. Drug Free Workplace. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, Reyes Holdings companies will recruit and select applicants for employment solely on the basis of their qualifications. Our Practices and Procedures, including those relating to wages, benefits, transfers, promotions, terminations and self-development opportunities, will be administered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation and gender identity, age, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status and all other classes protected by the Federal and State Government. Drug Free Employer.