The Manager, Quality Assurance (QA) plays an important role within the Quality Assurance group by ensuring releases are deployed without customer impact caused by application defects. The position is responsible for managing the QA team and ensuring test strategy and test execution are optimized, effective, and achieve the highest possible quality with accurate release schedule. This position reports to the Director, Quality Assurance. We are currently not offering visa sponsorship for this opening. The Quality Assurance group at Stamps.com is responsible for monitoring the software development life cycle to ensure quality. This includes but not limited to the QA functions of developing test automation, reviewing code, designing test strategy, optimizing test execution, and filing defects to the applications in test. Company Perks: Competitive pay, 401k with company match, Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Educational Reimbursement, Commuter benefits, Discount programs, Inventor patent bonuses Stamps Company Overview: Stamps.com (NASDAQ: STMP) is the leading provider of postage online and shipping software solutions to over 725 thousand customers, including consumers, small businesses, e-commerce shippers, enterprises, and high volume shippers. Stamps.com offers solutions that help businesses run their shipping operations more smoothly and function more successfully under the brand names Stamps.com, Endicia®, ShipStation®, ShippingEasy® and ShipWorks®.Stamps.com’s family of brands provides seamless access to mailing and shipping services through integrations with more than 475 unique partner applications. Responsibilities Primary Objectives: Management of multiple simultaneous QA projects including resource planning, estimation, scheduling, and end of release report. Participate in functional and technical specification review meetings. Management and review of the QA team test strategy implementation, test execution, and test cycles. Manage all aspects of the testing activities for major and maintenance releases. Mentor QA members on test design and test execution methodologies. Be a product owner in the test automation backlog. Proactively recommend process, testing methodology, and technology/QA tool improvements. Essential Position Duties: Lead the QA team in all testing phases and deliver major product features with the best possible quality. Drive test automation into the testing process to improve test efficiency and effectiveness. Perform hands-on test coverage review, risk-based analysis, root-cause analysis and mentor QA members on testing strategies and techniques. Review QA efforts on a daily basis to ensure blocking issues are reported and resolved in a timely manner. Collaborate with Program management to optimize resource planning for releases. Review test strategies developed by others and provide feedback to ensure test coverage. Work with QA automation team to ensure test automation are implemented before execution begins. Manage Server backlog to ensure Test Implementation are completed before a feature is scoped into a release. Strong people management skills with the ability of hire and grow talented engineers. Manage the QA team’s internal interfaces with other functional groups. Report to QA director the status of release regression deliverables, risks and impediments. Analyze, evaluate and present information concerning quality, process, and cost to the QA director. Strategically plan/coordinate the testing effort and assignments to meet the need of the stakeholders. Qualifications Education and/or Experience: BS Degree or equivalent year of work experience. Minimum of Seven (7) years of quality assurance experience. Minimum of Two (2) years of management experience. Experience and proficiency in task and project estimation. Skills and Knowledge: Demonstrated ability to lead and motivate a team. Creative problem solving skills. Exceptional people management and communication skills with demonstrated success in delivering results. The ability to respond to sudden changes in major project parameters in a rational and effective fashion. Demonstrate a thorough understanding of current industry standard and best practices. Hands-on knowledge with test automation tools such as UFT, Selenium, Cucumber and Jenkins. In-depth understanding of QA methodologies and the software development processes. Working knowledge of SQL and data modeling. Knowledge with Web and Windows applications testing and multi-tier web service applications is a plus. Computer/Software/Application Proficiency: UFT, Selenium, Ruby, Cucumber, Jenkins, SoapUI/ReadyAPI, Visual Studio IDE EOE/M/F/Vet/Disability LI-KD1