Job Description: Air General, a national cargo handling company, is seeking a cargo Warehouse Agent for our Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport operation. Requirements include flexibility, punctuality, reliability, and willingness to work. Warehouse and Customer Service duties include documentation, data entry, warehouse cargo/mail handling, loading and unloading and above all, great customer service. Must be able to work independently and as part of a team. Competitive starting pay and benefits (see below for details). If you are interested in a career with an aggressive industry leader, rather than just a job, please consider joining us! Job Responsibilities: Operate a forklift, tug and pallet jack Load/unload air cargo from/to vehicles/trucks Prepare, palatalize, and/or breakdown cargo as needed Clean up and sweep warehouse, dispose garbage Maintain safe operation of warehouse vehicles and equipment Prepare statistics and reports, as required by customer, and distribute to all relevant parties. Maintain logs, files, and statistics as required. Provide details about shipments or handling incidents, which may result in future claims. Bring any customer issues to the attention of a supervisor. Inventory reports, and send appropriate messages as required. Prepare documentation for tracing action, perform follow-up, and keep customer informed of progress. Provide customers with information concerning the status of their shipments. Review and handle all messages requiring immediate responses or special handling. Deposit customer funds regularly, in accordance with customer requirements. Survey all work and office areas for neat, clean, and orderly conditions, including all back offices. Areas must be free of debris and any other work safety hazards. Challenge unauthorized persons entering non-public areas and report the incident to a manager. Adhere to all FAA, TSA, USDA, Airport, Airline and Air General Safety and Security procedures, and immediately report any discrepancies to a supervisor or manager. Use proper telephone etiquette; answer phones within 4 rings. Check daily briefings. Perform any other duties as directed by the managers. Requirements: Must be able to pass all pre-employment screenings, background checks, and airport/government security background checks Must be able to pass a drug test High school diploma or GED preferred Must possess a valid Drivers License Must be able to obtain valid airport I.D. badge. Must be able to lift 70 pounds Must have basic computer skills Must be at least 18 years of age Must possess the ability to read, write, fluently speak and understand the English language Must be available to work varied shifts, including afternoon, nights, and occasionally on weekends, and holidays. Available Shifts Early morning starting at 4:30am Morning starting at 8am Evening starting at 4:30pm Benefits Offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, STD, LTD, etc. Paid Time Off and Sick Time 401(k) Retirement Plan and Roth after 6 months, company match after 1 year Tuition Reimbursement Employee Assistance Program (EAP) Life Insurance Scholarship Program Company Loan Program Paid Parental Leave If you'd like to learn more about the Air General family please visit the link below and explore our videos! http://www.airgeneral.com/ourstory