At Virgin Orbit, we launch the small satellite revolution, accessing space for missions that were previously unimaginable and fostering new ideas and technologies to create a truly spacefaring civilization. We deliver Virgin’s legendary customer service by pairing technological advancements with a clear focus on our customers’ needs. We build a workplace and a workforce for the future, knowing that our decisions and investments of today will launch the industries of tomorrow. We engage a diverse and inclusive community of dreamers and achievers in a shared mission to access space to improve life on Earth. At Virgin Orbit, we boost imagination. Search all of our job openings on our career portal. Position Summary Virgin Orbit (VO) is seeking an experienced Integration Technician for 2nd shift with experience in final assembly, integration, or launch operations, of rockets, spacecraft, and aircraft. This role is for a hands-on person with great attention to detail and excellent people skills. This is a full-time position located at our beautiful Long Beach, California. Your Mission Stage, set up, assemble, test and install flight hardware. Areas of work will include structural, mechanical, mechanisms, fluids, avionics, and separation systems. Familiarity with these systems is valuable. As part of final integration and/or launch operations, you will have to check your own work and be certain that it was done perfectly. Familiarity with high pressure gases, liquid oxygen, and oxygen cleaning procedures a plus. Support vehicle checkouts, including leak checks of fluids lines, and power-on full vehicle system checks. Support payload handling and integration operations, including handling of satellites and fairing/separation system installs. Support vehicle transports, including loading, shipping, transportation, and post shipment checkouts. Support launch operations, including launch day operations. Loading of gasses, fluids, and support launch procedures and checkouts. Able to travel for short and extended trips if needed. Must be available for all shifts, overtime and weekends if needed. Use of mechanical tools and precision calibrated tools- torque wrenches, micrometers. Hands on operations with both large as well as small fragile assemblies. Reading and interpreting blue prints and work instructions. Perform work according to procedures, specifications and test/work instructions. Collaborate with production/build engineers to develop documentation of work activities. Ensure all production services are performed on time, safely and in a professional manner. Present solutions to management/leadership. Must be a self-starter and previously worked across multiple teams within in a diverse project. Excellent communication skills are desired. Assist with transitioning product from engineering development and initial production to full rate production. What you bring Basic Qualifications High school diploma or GED required Minimum of 2 years’ experience in an aerospace/aviation field (airframe, launch vehicle, military equivalent). Minimum 2 years in a manufacturing production environment. History of monitoring, tracking and continually improving production and processes. Preferred Skills and Experience Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or in “STEM” Majors (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math). Certifications or similar within aerospace, aviation or automotive. Graduated from a technical college or other recognized apprenticeship (A &P license). Safety training and/or safety certifications preferred. Experience with applying Lean manufacturing principles. Able to adapt to constant change within work assignments and a fast paced work environment. Excellent concentration and attention to detail with outstanding work efficiency and accuracy. _The Employer retains the right to change or assign other duties to this position._ Physical and/or Additional Requirements Must be able to work all shifts and available for overtime as well as weekends when needed. Must be able to stand for extended periods – 8 hours min. Must be able to stoop, bend, crawl, and being able to maneuver in tight spaces. Physically able to handle items weighing up to 40lbs (unassisted). ITAR Requirements To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by ITAR (22 CFR §120.15) or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Personal Requirements The Virgin Galactic organization has a relaxed and informal culture that encourages individuality and innovation. You will be motivated, enterprising and enthusiastic. Company culture is such that you need to be able to “check your ego at the door,” be a self-starter and possess a sense of humility. You will work well under commercial pressure and thrive on being given challenges and responsibility. You will communicate clearly and be confident and persuasive. You will have a high level of integrity and understand the need of complete confidentiality. _Virgin Galactic is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with Virgin Galactic is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national origin/ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status._