FICO is looking for a Java-savvy college intern to help build our next world- class decision and analytics platform which will allow the fintech community benefit from FICO products and services. We need talented individuals that have a solid understanding of data science and machine learning algorithms. The ideal candidate has data analytics skills, is experienced with python programming and common data science packages (numpy, Scipy, scikit-learn etc), , and is familiar with machine learning algorithms such as nueral networks, SVM, random forest, etc. Job Description Responsibilities: Prototype, develop, test and optimize machine learning models. Map user stories to requirements into fully functional and highly performing ReSTful services. Collaborate with Business, UX, QA and front end teams to deliver superior functionalities. Integrate machine learning models in applications Optimize existing code with data science best practices. Maintain high code coverage for unit and system tests. Participates in the agile lifecycle engagements, including meetings, iterative development, estimations and design sessions. Qualifications: Degree in progress in computer science or related field. Understanding of machine learning algorithms such as neural networks, SVM, random forest, etc.. Solid understanding of python. Knowledge of ML frameworks such as scikit-learn, keras, tensorflow, and theano. Strong mathematical and statistical skills. Self-disciplined, self-motivated individual. Preferred Experience: Experience with python, keras, scikit-learn, Numpy, Scipy,. Experience with data visualization APIs and JSON (D3, Tableau, Plotly). Experience with predictive modeling. Experience with Apache Spark, Scala, Hadoop is a plus Why make a move to FICO? At FICO, you can advance your career within one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today - analytics. With our industry leading credit scores and other solutions, FICO is the leader in predictive analytics for banking, insurance, retail and healthcare. Our ability to drive smarter decisions is driving some of the world’s leading companies to a new level of analytics- fuelled success. Our success is founded on really talented people – just like you – who enjoy: Innovation – change the game for us and for our clients around the world Teamwork – lead and learn from the very best in your field High Performance – challenge yourself and reap the rewards of delivering results Opportunity – grow with a global company that develops talent FICO™ (NYSE:FICO) delivers superior predictive analytics that drive smarter decisions. Our groundbreaking use of mathematics to predict consumer behavior has transformed entire industries and revolutionized the way risk is managed and products are marketed. FICO's innovative solutions include the FICO(R) Score - the standard measure of consumer credit risk in the United States - along with industry-leading solutions for managing credit accounts, identifying and minimizing the impact of fraud, and customizing consumer offers with pinpoint accuracy. Most of the world's top banks, as well as leading insurers, retailers, pharma businesses and government agencies rely on FICO solutions to accelerate growth, control risk, boost profits, and meet regulatory and competitive demands. FICO also helps millions of individuals manage their personal credit health through www.myFICO.com. Learn more about FICO at www.fico.com. FICO is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that values the strength that diversity brings to the workplace. FICO: Fulfill Your Potential.