About JDA Software Group, Inc. _JDA Software is the leading supply chain provider powering today’s digital transformation. We help companies optimize delivery to customers by enabling them to predict and shape demand, fulfill faster and more intelligently, and improve customer experiences and loyalty. More than 4,000 global customers use our unmatched end-to-end solutions portfolio to unify and shorten their supply chains, increase speed of execution and profitably deliver to their customers. Our world-class client roster includes 73 of the top 100 retailers, 71 of the top 100 consumer goods companies, and 13 of the top 16 3PLs. Running JDA, you can_ _plan to deliver._ __ www.jda.com Position Title Analytics & Insights Manager Location Scottsdale, AZ Overview Are you obsessed with data? Do you love telling stories that transform businesses? The Customer Experience (CE) organization is seeking an experienced candidate with an analytical mind-set and a proven track record of translating seas of information (voice of customer, operational metrics and customer feedback) into meaningful insights and recommendations to improve the customer experience. We are always looking for new or more meaningful ways to provide insights to our CE business to shape our overarching strategy, as well as with our cross- functional counterparts. We partner closely with every part of our business to inform on how and where we can improve the experience, as well as assess the impact of new or evolving experiences. This team is uniquely positioned to provide insights to drive measurable impact across the business, and back to our customers. Responsibilities Insights Partner with business stakeholders to understand the questions they are trying to solve. Identify opportunities for improvement in the customer experience and ground recommendations with insights. Develop an understanding of the customer experience and the resources available to best investigate and address key issues. Ability to organize and manipulate raw and/or disparate data to generate key findings. Tell meaningful stories with ability modulate based on your audience (whether VP, Director, and/or team counterpart). Develop recommendations for how to measure the impact of an experience to customer cohorts. Reporting Based on analyses, write user stories / reporting requirements for departmental teams. Be comfortable updating dashboards based on changing business needs. Translate customer and business objectives into key questions and KPI’s. Stay abreast of changes in the customer experience and underlying tracking mechanisms to measure the impact. Required Skills A minimum of three to five years of analytical insights and story-telling experience. Must be detail oriented while staying grounded in the big picture. Experience with communication and analytical tools, such as MS PowerPoint, MS Excel, PowerBI; experience with Qualtrics preferred but not required. Mental flexibility to creatively extract actionable insights from massive, highly complex, multi-dimensional datasets while ensuring data quality. Excellent oral, written, and interpersonal communication skills and the ability to communicate clearly at all levels. High energy, strong work ethic, willingness to do whatever it takes to get to the results. A passion for problem-solving, comfort with ambiguity, and creativity. Ability to influence others and gain acceptance for your ideas. Demonstrated ability to work well in a team environment with strong collaboration skills. Our Values _If you want to know the heart of a company, take a look at their values. Ours unite us. They are what drive our success – and the success of our customers. Does your heart beat like ours? Find out_ _here._ Let’s Socialize _Join the conversation online by connecting and following us on Twitter @JDASoftware @JDACareers and Facebook (_ http://bit.ly/9s2DVE _), and LinkedIn (_ http://bit.ly/2rV4Kue _) Also, check out JDA's blog - Supply Chain Nation - the platform for supply chain trends and innovations at_ http://blog.jda.com _._ LI-CR1 Required Experience