Careers That Change Lives Your dedication is important to our customers and, most importantly, to their patients. Quality Systems Specialist. This position has the responsibility and authority for participating in the development, documentation, maintenance, and improvement of the business’s Quality Management System, including quality policies, processes, procedures and controls that monitor system performance and ensures conformance to established standards necessary to maintain quality of products and sustainable customer satisfaction. This position is responsible for taking necessary steps to identify and drive process improvements as well as ensuring continued compliance to associated regulations, standards and corporate policies. The incumbent also will facilitate and participate in the Corrective and Preventive Action (CAPA) and Product Experience (PE) Systems as well as coordinate all audits activities as necessary at MNS in accordance with FDA QSR, ISO 13485, MDD and Canadian Medical Device Regulations. Do meaningful work, make a difference, and improve lives — starting with your own. The Restorative Therapies Group develops life-restoring therapies and healthcare solutions that span the care continuum; integrating technologies and applying clinical and economic evidence to increase patient access, improve efficiency of procedures and deliver successful patient outcomes. A Day in the Life Ensures Quality System conforms to the Quality System Regulations (QSR), ISO 13485, MDD, CMDR, PAL, corporate and sector requirements. Assists with the implementation of Quality System Improvements in conjunction with Quality System Manager and Director of Quality. Prepares and completes of Document Change Orders including training as requested. Manages the system for implementing changes to Quality System procedures based on the implementation of Sector SOP and Corporate Policy changes. Plans, coordinates, and presents Quality System training and/or new employee quality system orientation training including Complaint Handling Awareness. Compiles Quality System trend data, prepares presentation of the data at Quality Review Meetings and coordinates Quality Review and Quality Management Review meetings. Prepares monthly sector metrics for CAPA, Environmental Monitoring and other Quality System processes as requested. Creates and maintains Quality System files and databases to ensure information is accessible and accurate (ex. CAPA Tracking Log). Supports and coordinates corporate, internal, and external regulatory agency audit activities as assigned. Monitors and tracks the implementation of corrective action/preventive action (CAPA) as result of internal and external audits (FDA, TUV, etc.) and reports progress to management on a routine basis. Serves as the CAPA Coordinator, as assigned, providing general guidance of CAPA activities and documentation to assure compliance with CAPA policies and procedures, FDA regulations, ISO 13485, and Medical Device Requirements through the review of CAPA records at each CAPA process phase. Participates in CAPA activities such as root cause analysis, corrective action plans and effectiveness verifications. Enters and updates data within the CAPA database, providing routine status reports and updates on current CAPA system activities to management on a routine basis. Responsibilities may include the following and other duties may be assigned. Provides oversight for the development and maintenance of quality programs, systems, processes and procedures that ensure compliance with policies and that the performance and quality of services conform to established standards and agency guidelines. Provides expertise and guidance in interpreting policies, regulatory and/or governmental regulations, and agency guidelines to assure compliance. Works directly with operating entities to provide process analyses oversight on a continuing basis to enforce requirements and meet guidelines. Leads audit and inspection preparation, resolution of audit and inspection findings and liaises with auditing groups and inspectors through all stages of the audits. Co-ordinates legal requests in support of government investigations or litigations. Ensures the quality assurance programs and policies are maintained and modified regularly. Facilitates uniform standards worldwide and enables best practice sharing, thereby fostering the achievement of company's mission globally. Must Haves: EDUCATION REQUIRED: Bachelor degree YEARS OF EXPERIENCE: 2+ years QS or QC related experience in FDA/GMP regulated industry including involvement with internal/external auditors. 2+ year general laboratory experience. Nice to Have – (Preferred Qualifications): BS/BA degree preferably in Engineering or Life Sciences. Working knowledge with the handling of bio hazardous materials preferred Working knowledge of laboratory analytical methods and techniques. Excellent computer skills to navigate various systems and investigate the complaint records as needed. Examples of systems include: SAP and Trackwise. Proficient with computers to conduct through complaint investigations and research. Excellent working knowledge of MS Word, Excel and Power Point. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to develop and present technical information necessary for the company. Excellent communication and follow-up skills to investigate and seek additional information for complaints. Consistently demonstrates ability to manage multiple tasks and complete daily work schedule actions in a timely manner. Demonstrates proficiency to read, train to and apply all the regulatory requirements for Complaint Handling and Medical Device Reporting. Exemplifies ability to work in a team environment and foster team work. Ability to demonstrate a high standard for accountability, work ethic and dedication to tasks and assignments. Good problem solving and investigation skills. Good critical thinking skills. Good analytical skills including ability to analyze/identify problems and recommend solutions. Excellent interpersonal skills. Working knowledge of FDA 21CFR 820, 803; ISO 13485, Medical Device Directive and applicable Harmonization Standards that apply to medical devices desired. About Medtronic Together, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, we push the limits of what technology, therapies and services can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be. We want to accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. Let’s work together to address universal healthcare needs and improve patients’ lives. Help us shape the future. Physical Job Requirements The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this position, but they are not an exhaustive list of all the required responsibilities and skills of this position. The physical demands described within the Day in the Life section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.