We are currently looking for an Analytics Engineer with a background in petroleum engineering/reservoir engineering/production engineering and a strong interest in data preparation/cleansing/forensics/analysis/profiling/visualization and benchmarking to fill an exciting role with Occidental Petroleum (OXY). As an analytics engineer at OXY, you will apply a variety of methods and algorithms to extract business values in reservoir management/engineering, production engineering, drilling and completion, geosciences among others. We have a long portfolio of projects and a great amount of organizational support for growth and expansion. As member of this team, you will have a unique opportunity to define the culture and future of data at OXY, and in addition, equip yourself with skillsets that will make you more successful in the digital era. Key Responsibilities: Apply advanced numerical, data assimilation, optimization, statistical, and computational intelligence methods to varieties of opportunities. Collaborate with subject matter experts to select the relevant sources of information and formulate the right questions and problems. Identify what data is available and relevant, including internal and external data sources, leveraging new data collection processes. Demonstrate the scientific qualities: clarity, accuracy, precision, relevance, depth, breadth, logic, significance, and fairness. Present and depict the rationale of findings in easy to understand terms for the business. Present back results that contradict common belief, if needed. Provide on-going tracking and monitoring of performance of deployed decision systems and statistical models. Enhance OXY’s capability to analyze and “make sense” of large sets of data and translate findings in a visually appealing manner that tell a story and help us make better data driven decisions. Qualifications 4+ years of industry experience. Highly experienced with R/Python/Matlab/SQL for implementation. Graduate degrees in Mechanical/Petroleum/Chemical Engineering. Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills. Strong statistical background is a plus. Familiarity with data visualization tools (Tableau, Endeca, Spotfire, etc.) a plus. Behavioral Effective team player who takes an active role in team responsibilities Strong time management skills. Ability to work with minimum of supervision. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to multi-task many activities at the same time Other Requirements Must have legal authorization to work in the US on a fulltime basis. Occidental is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Individual with Disability/Veteran Status