Requirements/Job Duties Consulting Solutions Architect - Networking World Wide Technology, Inc. has an opportunity available for a Consulting Solutions Architect within our Commercial West Sales organization. This senior level resource will be responsible for the translation of our customer's networking architectures - core/edge, data center, route/switch, sd-wan, and SDN business requirements into specific product and/or service proposals. Working in conjunction with other Presales and Post Sales engineers, and Business Development team members. This technical Presales architect leverages appropriate WWT offerings and expertise to best address the customer needs with a cost-effective solution and the best possible benefit to WWT. RESPONSIBILITIES: Uses knowledge of technology, products and services to build Networking solutions (and solution options) for the customer. Have a base understanding of network automation toolsets Understand and articulate additional drivers, challenges, inhibitors and conditions driving cloud and similar next-generation technologies within a Customer's environment. Collaborate with WWT account teams, solution architects, and OEMs to define solution requirements, and/or enable functional teams of WWT resources and OEM partner resources to meet customer requirements and priorities Provide Field Enablement in the way of customer support and training regional engineers on how to support and demo the solutions you are responsible for. Act as a Technical Lead with the OEM partner, including maintaining certifications and ensuring our company meets the technical requirements for the vendor partnership. Act as a Trusted Advisor in an objective role to provide the best solution for the customer based on their current and long-term business requirements. Pro-actively maintain a considerable technical and functional knowledge of evolving market solutions and offerings. Build, configure, test, and document technical hardware and software solutions in the WWT Advanced Technology Center (ATC), to provide live demos to clients and vendors for executive briefings, marketing events, and more. Pro-actively maintain a considerable technical and functional knowledge of evolving market solutions and offerings. Qualifications QUALIFICATIONS: CCIE highly desired Minimum of 5 years field consulting or similar services experience at the Enterprise-level Minimum of 7 years next-generation technology experience (Networking and SDN) experience 8+ years of Networking experience across varying vendors, i.e. Cisco, Juniper, Arista, etc A strong focus on business outcomes Comfort with collaboration, open communication and reaching across functional borders Creative thinking skills Detail-oriented personality Highly organized in many areas including documentation, task tracking, and notes Broad technical background and high-level understanding of major datacenter components Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience expected Ability to work independently and in a team environment to produce outstanding results Self-Motivated to maintain up-to-date knowledge and demos of hardware/software solutions. Demonstrable leadership acumen and international experience preferred Strong communication skills (written, verbal, and presentation) Experience with documentation of design, system builds, configurations, and support procedures essential. The ability to clearly articulate strategic business value, outside of technology, and present ideas to a client concisely is required. Excellent personal interaction and communication skills. Excellent presentation skills. Ability to work directly with vendors and account teams to schedule meetings both remotely and onsite. Ability to travel 50+% of the time. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled