Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. As a Big Data Engineer, you'll be part of a team that builds the next generation Real-Time Analytics platform. This is a hands-on technical role, implementing and supporting real-time data / analytics platforms, helping our clients to build robust, scalable solutions. We want individuals that have the ability and passion to learn. The team will loosely adopt a DevOps approach , where all team members will have the opportunity to get involved in both development and operational aspects. Our goal is to have a diverse mix of talented people, with a background in analytics, development, or operations / administration, with a view to cross training to create a team of “well rounded” professionals. Job Responsibilities Drive projects from technical expertise. Partner with technology and the analytics community on big data efforts. Mentor other team members and participate in cross-training. Administer Big Data/Real-Time platforms. Develop and propagate Real-Time best practices/lessons learned. Support highly available environments that are part of critical business processes. Utilize effective project planning techniques to break down highly complex projects into tasks, manage scope of projects, and ensure deadlines are kept. Maintain a reasonable understanding of Scala, Java and Python. Support Innovation; regularly provide new ideas to help people, process, and technologies that interact with the analytic ecosystem. Maintain a foundational understanding of analytics methodologies. Keep up with current technology trends in the Big Data and Analytic space. Job Qualifications Essential Skills 5+ Years of experience in relevant technologies. Bachelors / Master’s degree, preferably in a Mathematical, Computing or Scientific field, or equivalent industry experience. Fast learner – a track record of self-development and on-going learning essential. Basic UNIX/Linux skills. Knowledge of one or more of the following: Java, Scala, Python. Understanding of JSON, YAML, XML etc. Fundamental knowledge of SQL. Desirable Skills Big data / analytics platforms (e.g. Hadoop, Kafka). Java, Scala, Python, PHP. Big data frameworks e.g. Flink, Spark, Kafka Streams. Solution Engineering. Linux Administration. Automation / CI-CD. (Jenkins, GitHub, PERL, BASH, Ansible). Docker, Kubernettes, Cloud Foundry. Database administration (Relational or NoSQL). Advanced SQL. Visualization. Integration / Tibco / ETL. Design and operation of highly available platforms. Knowledge of a broad range of technologies. The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.