Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leader in digital services with pro forma annual revenue of circa € 12 billion and circa 100,000 employees in 72 countries. Serving a global client base, the Group provides Consulting & Systems Integration services, Managed Services & BPO, Cloud operations, Big Data & Cyber-security solutions, as well as transactional services through Worldline, the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry. With its deep technology expertise and industry knowledge, the Group works with clients across different business sectors: Defense, Financial Services, Health, Manufacturing, Media, Utilities, Public sector, Retail, Telecommunications, and Transportation. Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. The Group is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and is listed on the Euronext Paris market. Atos operates under the brands Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. We are looking for a recent graduate to continue to drive and support the Atos diversity ambition throughout North America. You will be responsible for the execution of our robust diversity platform and will bring new ideas and approaches to our model. You will work on a variety of programs, planning and controlling multiple projects and initiatives. Key Responsibilities Plan and execute diversity initiatives across North America, under the leadership of the Global Diversity Officer and Head of Wellbeing@Work Host activities and events in the Atos Irving office related to diversity and Wellbeing@Work Support the Atos Affinity Groups with event programming and development Track diversity-related metrics and Key Performance Indicators Continue to drive diversity momentum throughout the organization. Keep current on diversity programs and developments. Requirements Bachelor's degree Minimum 1 year of experience in Diversity (volunteering, organizational, professional) Leadership role either in a professional setting, volunteer organization, or small group where you have developed, planned and executed learning programs focused on Diversity (small or large) Preferred Able to research and discuss emerging trends in Diversity, what companies are doing to improve Diversity, etc. Experience in the end to end planning and execution of events and programs Able to manage multiple projects simultaneously Ability to communicate and delegate effectively across cultures Experience in internal/external relationship management Presentation development and delivery to all levels of the organization Strong leadership skills Creativity and initiative, forward thinking Detail oriented and organized Your Application If you wish to apply for this position, please click below to complete our online application form and attach your CV in either Word, rtf or text format. Atos does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, sex, age, disability or sexual orientation. All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and relevant business requirements. We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to the applications process for people with disabilities.