Would you like to be involved in a movement? Join us at RootMetrics where we are providing an accurate, unbiased view of wireless carrier and connected device performance. With extensive benchmark analytics, easy-to-use interactive maps and controls, you can compare voice, data and text performance ratings as well as an overall RootScore for each service category. Users can investigate metro-wide performance or drill-down to specific street address. Root measures, reports and scores the true consumer experience of wireless performance using empirical results from our own proprietary systems. Goodbye guesswork. Farewell imprecise carrier-provided coverage maps. Founded in 2009 in Bellevue Washington by software and wireless industry veterans, RootMetrics collects and analyzes data from a high (and growing) number of mobile devices. Our audacious goal is to fundamentally change the way wireless services are bought and sold by inserting a new selection criterion: the RootScore. RootMetrics offers a competitive salary and benefits package, stock options, and much more. Job Summary: We are seeking a well-rounded Web Developer with experience building and supporting mission-critical, highly interactive customer facing web applications. The Web Developer will translate requirements into functional code while working closely with designers and back-end developers. The candidate will have experience in core web technologies; HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Key Responsibilities: Development of highly responsive and scalable web applications Driving of continuous improvements in performance, reliability and usability Display data from API in web applications Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: 3-5 years previous Full Stack Developer experience. Strong ability to translate requirements into quick prototypes for iterative user feedback Must have solid UI design skills and an eye for great user experience Command of core front-end web technologies (HTML/CSS/JavaScript) including AngularJS, React, Bootstrap, Nodejs, and npm. Solid understanding of cross-browser / platform issues and JavaScript/CSS framework ecosystem and CORS Experience developing web UI for mobile form factors Proven experience developing web applications utilizing a combination of client and server-side technologies Skills Appreciated: Experience designing and integrating with REST APIs Experience with source control management tools (Git preferred) Knowledge of web security techniques and best practices _It is the policy of IHS Markit to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, IHS Markit will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. We maintain a drug-free workplace. For candidates in the US, we are a participant in E-Verify (see link below)._ __ EEO is the Law EEO is the Law Supplement Right to Work Pay Transparency Policy E-Verify Current Colleagues If you are currently a colleague with IHS Markit please apply internally via Workday.