Jones Sign Company is a leading national sign manufacturer that was established in 1910. Founded in Green Bay, WI; Jones Sign has continued to grow throughout the years expanding its footprint throughout the U.S. and beyond. We are a full service sign company specializing in custom signage and architectural elements. Whether it's new construction or an update to existing buildings; private, public or major venue, Jones Sign can handle our customer's projects from design assistance to installation. Jones Sign works with some of the top retail developers and environmental graphic consultants in the country and has ongoing relationships with many Fortune 500 firms. We manufacture all types of interior and exterior signage including wayfinding signs, electric signs, electronic message boards, pylon, channel letters, monument, wall signs, awnings, billboard structures and much more. A few of our recent projects include; Hard Rock Stadium, USBank Stadium, T Mobile Arena, The Crayola Experience, Daytona Motor Speedway and numerous local and national client's projects such as AutoZone, Menards, Dollar General, AT&T; and more. Be a part of something visible!!! Summary: A Code Compliance and Permit Coordinator will serve as a liaison between various internal departments of Jones Sign, such as Project Management, Sales, Design and others; as well as municipalities throughout the United States and Canada. The primary responsibility of this role is to review, interpret and document municipal sign regulations. Its focus is to determine mutually agreeable sign allowances for national and local projects. In addition, the incumbent will prepare numerous code reports, review and respond to internal and external code related inquiries, and assist in the obtainment and approval of permits for the installation of signs. A successful Code Compliance and Permit Coordinator will be to analyze, interpret, and apply municipal sign regulations throughout the United States and Canada. Further, a successful Code Compliance and Permit Coordinator will be comfortable with, and efficient in, communicating and negotiating client's needs with municipal staff and regulatory authorities. This position is part of a team environment; however, a significant amount of the above referenced responsibilities will require independent research and execution. The ability to be self-directed and self-motivated within a team environment is a must. Duties and Expectations: Research, interpret, and document municipal sign regulations as it relates to assigned projects Obtain necessary approvals and permits for sign installation Review property owners' sign requirements Review applications, drawings, and calculations for accuracy and compliance Attend internal and external meetings upon request Communicate and negotiate with municipal staff and regulatory authorities on our client's behalf Plan and attend off-site variance meetings as needed and as scheduled by municipalities Work with municipalities to review sign regulations upon request Remain current with industry updates regarding municipal sign regulations and codified ordinances Any other duties and work assigned by supervisor Qualifications: Background as a paralegal, in a legal setting, contract negotiation, technical writing, compliance, zoning administration, or other related work experience Associate degree or equivalent, or at least two years experience in a professional office setting Experience reading, interpreting, and working with municipal codified ordinances and zoning regulations preferred Ability to review and understand site plans and shop drawings for accuracy Excellent oral and written communication skills Problem solving and critical thinking skills Strong negotiation skills Highly organized and deadline driven Above average literacy in computer operation including knowledge of Microsoft office, as well as Google Docs, Maps and Gmail Ability to multi-task and prioritize Strong customer service skills Be a part of something visible! Jones Sign is a stable, industry leading company with over 100 years under our belt and numerous high profile projects which span the nation. An equal opportunity employer with a diverse work place that promotes a culture of trust, respect and communication along with a management team that listens. We take care of our employees: Health, Vision and Dental Insurance Reimbursements for education and health clubs Paid vacation and holidays Counseling for credit and legal services and mental health Life Insurance Excellent pay, variable annual bonus Short and long term disability insurance Matches 401k and charitable contributions Bereavement/Funeral Pay Pay for Jury Duty Employee Referral Program Interesting and non-repetitive work Jones Sign branded attire Sponsorship of outside recreational teams Leading edge equipment and software Clean, bright and safe work environment And many more.....