Are you passionate about solving interesting and challenging big data problems using large-scale analytics and algorithms? If yes, you could be a great fit for this role with the Customer Insights team at Groupon. We are looking for a creative and innovative data scientist to drive strategic initiatives that will propel the future growth of Groupon. As part of this team you will focus on various data science problems including, but not limited to, personalization, customer affinities, customer preference, recommender system, email campaign targeting and product selection. The main responsibility for this role is to leverage user signals to drive net adds for Groupon – via activations, reactivations, and reduced attrition. There are many ways to activate/reactivate customers, and the person in this role will help guide decisions on investing in channels, deals, verticals, etc. that drive maximum growth, while strengthening long term customer value. Responsibilities Drive growth in Groupon’s customer base by adding higher quality activations (w/ higher customer value) - focusing on quantity and quality, and mitigating attrition. Help understand drivers of customer attrition, along with leading indicators to help develop initiatives to buck the trend. Lead long term projects that aim to answer open ended questions. Show end to end ownership and leadership; ideation through productionalization. Flood the room with elegant data science solutions and best practices in machine learning. Work closely with product and engineering teams to form good hypotheses on how to improve the customer experience. Design, execute and measure experiments to test these hypotheses. Productionalize solutions that show lift. Interpret and communicate insights and findings from analyses and experiments to product, service, and business managers. Collect, aggregate and analyze data from multiple internal and external sources to drive insights into customer behavior trends and interactions with various business verticals Communicate findings and insight to stakeholders and provide business strategy recommendations for optimizing business performance Requirements Master’s degree or higher in Statistics or related field and 2-3+ years of relevant experience in data science and predictive modeling; including CRM related work. Demonstrated ability to garner insights from large data and present them in to influence the business. Ability to translate high level business problems into objective functions with concise and logical requirements Predictive modeling, recommender system, data mining, machine learning, statistical analysis, and A/B testing; R, Python, Spark, or similar data science modeling language; Deployment of production data science models to drive business value; SQL queries for data analysis on Teradata, Hive or similar parallel database; Highly flexible, ability to handle changing directions/priorities and roles as business needs evolve Proven problem solving skills; systematic, analytical thinker with strong communication skills