Qualifications Required Qualifications: Master's degree in quantitative methods in education, quantitative psychology, or a related field with an emphasis in measurement, statistics, or statistics education. One or more years of research training. Research experience and productivity in the form of research proposal development, research papers, peer-reviewed publications and/or conference presentations. Research background and experience in the area of methodology, including design, measurement, and/or statistics. Experience with research consulting. Experience providing professional development opportunities or in teaching. Experience working in multidisciplinary and multicultural contexts. Experience with statistical software. Preferred Qualifications: Experience building relationships or marketing that leads to funding. Experience with securing external research funding. Experience with budgeting and time management. Experience supervising employees. Experience with R and LaTex. About the Job Job Title: Researcher 5 Position Overview The CEHD and ORAS seek a Researcher 5. This is a part-time (80% FTE), academic professional appointment. The Researcher 5 will lead research projects in areas of substantive and methodological interest. The Researcher 5 will provide professional consulting services in the areas of research design, statistics, and measurement to CEHD projects, academic departments, research centers, faculty, staff, and students. The Researcher 5 will have opportunities to collaborate and support CEHD researchers on a variety of projects, including large-scale sponsored proposals and projects, as well as a variety of college and department projects led by CEHD researchers. In collaboration with the Director of ORAS, the Researcher 5 will support the development of an expanded and sustainable program of professional development services focused on improving the quality and integrity of CEHD research. The Researcher 5 will have opportunities to teach CEHD courses in statistics and research methods. Duties/Responsibilities Research and Assessment Services (40%) Provide expertise in research design, statistics, and measurement. Lead research projects in areas of substantive and methodological interest. Lead the development of research proposals in areas of substsntive and methodological interest. Collaborate with CEHD researchers developing grant proposals in the areas of research design, power analysis, and data analysis and management plans. Provide consultations to CEHD researchers (faculty, staff, and students) with unfunded research projects (including dissertations). Collaborate with CEHD researchers on funded research projects. Stay current with latest developments in research design, statistics, and measurement. Develop and maintain strong connections with relevant experts (e.g., Quantitative Methods Program faculty in Educational Psychology). Teaching and Professional Development Services (30%) Provide leadership to expand ORAS services to include professional development services in the areas of statistics, data management, and research integrity. Provide professional development, tools, templates and models for grant writing, research design, and related activities to enhance the capacity of faculty, staff and students. Teach CEHD courses in research methods and statistics. Project Coordination (10%) Lead, manage, and coordinate client relationships on all projects. Provide work direction to consultants, students, and part-time employees. Supervise graduate students and their work to maximize outcomes. Develop, manage and ensure the fidelity of billable hours. Fill any operational gaps and complete any operational tasks as needed. Develop relationships to ensure optimal use of resources. About the Department The College of Education and Human Development (CEHD) and the Office of Research and Assessment Services (ORAS) are situated within the University of Minnesota. The University of Minnesota is one of the largest in the country with over 3,000 faculty, 69,000 students, 200 institutes/centers, and degrees in almost every field, which include 50 interdisciplinary graduate degrees. CEHD is a top ranked professional school of education and highly regarded research-intensive college. ORAS is a CEHD research office, which supports CEHD researchers, faculty, and students by offering: a) pre-award services, including study conceptualization and proposal writing; b) post-award services, including study implementation, data analysis, and reporting; c) assessment design, adoption, and use, and interpretation of assessment data; and d) professional development opportunities in statistics, data management, and research integrity. College Overview The College of Education and Human Development (CEHD) is a world leader in discovering, creating, sharing, and applying principles and practices of multiculturalism and multidisciplinary scholarship to advance teaching and learning and to enhance the psychological, physical, and social development of children, youth, and adults across the lifespan in families, organizations, and communities. CEHD is the third largest college at the University of Minnesota, houses seven departments with ten undergraduate majors, over 30 graduate degree programs, and 25 centers and institutes. We are committed to diversity in our students, faculty and staff; 38.4% of our new first year students are students of color and more than 265 of our international students represent over 51 different countries FFI: http://www.cehd.umn.edu/about/default.html . CEHD and the University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.