Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge. As a Financial Services Technical Account Manager (TAM), you'll draw on your technical, communication and organizational skills to help customers get the most value from their Google Cloud Platform and G Suite investments. You will manage all aspects of Google Cloud adoption, helping customers accelerate their journey to our platform and optimize their business and technical operations. You will build relationships with business executives and IT stakeholders to develop a clear understanding of their business requirements and goals. Building on this knowledge, you will manage the shared strategic roadmaps to drive customer partnerships, provide technical guidance and program leadership, and facilitate customers’ digital transformation in order to maximize their value on Google Cloud. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Drive the customer partnership for key strategic customers, establish relationships, conduct customer quarterly business reviews, and coordinate across multiple work streams and teams to maintain customer momentum. Manage the post-sales relationship with customers to maximize value, and work with customer technical and implementation leads and partners to manage and drive successful adoption of Google Cloud, specifically as it relates to migration of high performance compute workloads. Guide customers through the entire innovation lifecycle, building strategic roadmaps and driving achievement of key milestones, and advocate for business transformation, enabling teams to embrace cloud technologies. Provide best practices and accelerated support for Google Cloud Platform and G Suite Solutions. Develop best practice recommendations for Google Cloud partners based on the experience gained during customer engagements, and the needs of the financial services industry. Drive customer feedback to Product Management and Engineering to ensure the best possible production experience, and assist in prioritizing product requirements by communicating customer needs and impact. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience working in a financial/quantitative analysis, consulting, or financial services company. 3 years of experience in computing or grid computing in financial services with a focus on large-scale distributed systems design, and batch scheduling and cluster management. Ability to travel up to 30% of the time. Preferred qualifications: 5 years of experience working with financial services organizations in a direct or consulting capacity, supporting migration of workloads (e.g. AML, Trade Surveillance, Market Risk, Credit Risk, Capital markets, Retail Banking, and Private Wealth management). Experience in application/workload migration, with a focus on migrating big compute workloads from on premises to cloud or to a hybrid solution. Experience working with channel partners, systems integrators and third party developers to deliver solutions. Experience in cloud operations, technical support or operations (e.g. capacity planning, product release management, etc). Experience in 2 or more of the following areas; data center infrastructure, operating systems, networking, security, system administration, service management modernization, and/or data architecture. Excellent stakeholder, communication and project management skills, with the ability to present technical materials effectively to diverse stakeholder groups and to engage with executives on both technical and non-technical matters. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.