Bizible is looking for a Data Engineer to join our engineering team. This is a rare opportunity to join a dynamic, agile engineering team at a rapidly- growing SaaS startup. You will work with a broad set of technologies, get exposure to all aspects of Bizible’s platform and ship to production early and often. You will have the autonomy to build and design solutions our customers love on top of terabytes of data. You will be a critical member of the team who will be trusted with our most meaningful engineering problems. Major Duties / Responsibilities You will build, analyze and present actionable reports to drive marketing business development decisions. You will be leading the technical charter on product reporting platform for self-service analytics and you will solve complex analytical problems. You will have a direct interaction with Product Management to translate customer business requirements into technical specifications. You will partner effectively with the software engineers on common areas of scalability, data quality management, data delivery management and performance optimization. Collaborate with Engineers and Scientists in the organization to construct complex data sources for algorithms and machine learning models. Help continually improve ongoing reporting and analysis processes, automating or simplifying self-service support for customers. Preferred Qualifications 5+ years of industry experience with BI Development – reports, metadata layer, dashboards, using SQL queries or other BI tools. 3+ years proficiency with data visualization tools like Looker, SiSense, Quicksight, Power BI, Tableau. Expertise in SQL, ETL management, and data warehousing plus hands-on experience with different data warehouse and processing technologies such as Snowflake, Redshift, Oracle, PostgreSQL, Hadoop, Spark, etc. Proficiency in Python or another general-purpose programming language. Superior attention to detail and ability to successfully manage multiple competing priorities simultaneously. Strong verbal/written communication and data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams. Comfort with ambiguity and a willingness to work with a high degree of autonomy. Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Engineering or related quantitative fields. About Bizible Bizible is a fast growing company pioneering the marketing attribution space with a product that enables B2B marketing teams to align with sales and make decisions based on revenue, which our customers love. Benefits include: Fully paid health, dental, and vision insurance No formal limit on paid vacation 401K, free lunches, and transportation benefits Paid maternity and paternity leave Fun, flexible work environment with 4.9/5 Glassdoor rating Named the 3rd Fastest Growing Company in the INC 500 Work in GeekWire’s 1 “coolest startup spaces in Pioneer Square” Named the 9th best company to work for in Washington by Seattle Business Magazine We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.