The Commercial Lending System Administrator supports the overall usage of Commercial Lending Systems including the Loan Origination System, Scanning System, SalesForce and other programs utilized by the team. This includes training and working with the Commercial Lending & Credit team on how to best utilize the systems. The role is also responsible for basic programming changes under the direction of Systems Manager. Responsibilities, Duties, and Accountabilities: Thorough knowledge and understanding of the loan life-cycle and how the Bank’s Loan Origination System is utilized during the loan life-cycle. Responsible for the division’s technology helpline and email support line. Respond timely to end users of the system. Track and log inquiries/problems to help identify trends. Understand key interfaces and how they work. Ie. Salesforce, Fiserv, LaserPro. Work closely with Super Users in all Bank Regions to implement best practices and consistent message amongst users. Liaison with corporate technology department to provide support of other Bank systems such as FiServ. Under the direction of Software Manager implement ‘basic’ system coding including updating data elements, workflow and checklists. Under the guidance of the Software Manager create training collateral, train (both in person and web-base) new users of the system. Run a training program for annual refresher training for all employees. Ensure proper resources (manuals, best practices) are current and available to work teams. Coordinate the resolution of System Issues. Provide administrative support to the Software Manager Participate in projects as requested. Work closely with Compliance Team for accurate data capture and reporting. Work closely with Bank-Wide Data Teams for improved Data Integrity. Qualifications: 2+ years of Commercial Banking and/or Credit Administration experience. Strong organizational and communication skills, and ability to interact with all levels of the organization. Solid Teamwork orientation Proven ability to grasp new technology. Knowledge of the Commercial Lending Loan Life-Cycle desired Knowledge of LineData Capital Stream program desired Solid Microsoft skills (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Boston Private is an Equal Opportunity Employer