Auth0, a global leader in Identity-as-a-Service (IDaaS), provides thousands of enterprise customers with a Universal Identity Platform for their web, mobile, IoT, and internal applications. Its extensible platform seamlessly authenticates and secures more than 1.5B logins per month, making it loved by developers and trusted by global enterprises. Auth0 has raised more than $110 million to date and continues its global growth at a rapid pace. We are consistently recognized as a great place to work based our outstanding leadership and dedication to company culture, and are looking for the best people to join our incredible team spread across more than 35 countries! The Learning Consultant manages the content, programs, courses and learning goals of a designated set of teams. Learning Consultants work with SMEs to best build courses required for success of our internal employees, customers and partners. Learning Consultants are resources for best practices, corporate initiatives and streamlining education. They are the point person on for multiple in flight learning projects at any given time. They will be responsible for communicating best practices, requirements, and driving success for each project. This roles main responsibilities will be: Create internal and external facing content focusing on product, company, and identity. Acting as learning liaison for a dedicated group of teams. Assisting these teams with defining their learning needs/goals. Helping teams build their courses through learning best practices. Working with SMEs to collect material for courses or programs. Transforming templates into courses/programs with high quality bar. Delivering and managing programs within the AuthU platform. Requirements: Excellent written and verbal communication skills with ability to modify style, approach and content to the audience. Experience managing multiple projects and working internally with Engineering as well as the field teams. Experience as a software developer desired. Experience with Instructional Design, Curriculum Development, Articulate 360 and Learning Management Systems. Experience within the Identity space or engineering. Must be able to speak to high level concepts discussed such as common development frameworks, API’s, SSO, and authentication and authorization protocols. Ability to be self-directed and effective working independently, yet equally comfortable contributing in a global team environment. Fluent in written US English. Auth0 is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Auth0 conducts all employment-related activities without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, citizenship status, genetics, or status as a Vietnam-era special disabled and other covered veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Auth0 participates in E-Verify and will confirm work authorization for candidates residing in the United States.