EZLynx is expanding our Security Team! This entry level position will monitor and analyze application health and be responsible for testing, troubleshooting and installing applications. Information Security is a broad field with many specialized disciplines. As a security analyst intern or entry level position, you’ll be exposed to four of these disciplines: Learning Opportunities: Governance, Risk & Compliance – You’ll be measuring the state of the company’s security landscape against industry standard frameworks designed to identify gaps in an organization’s security. Armed with this data as well as data from previous assessments, you’ll help prioritize remediation efforts and plan next steps based on our business priorities and the risks these gaps pose to our organization. Policy & Process – Once you understand where we are and where we need to go, you’ll begin the process of defining changes to how we do security at EZLynx. You’ll learn what makes an effective Information Security Policy and how to align and balance security priorities with business priorities. Policies you create here will help shape the direction of EZLynx security for years to come. Defensive Security – Policies and processes need technical enforcement. You’ll learn about the tools we use to protect our company and our customers. Here you will see some of the threats we face daily and how our controls prevent these threats from causing harm. As attackers never take a day off, you will likely have opportunity to help respond to some of these attacks as they are happening. Offensive Security – During this part of the internship, you will learn about and have opportunity to practice some of the offensive vulnerability detection and penetration testing techniques we use to verify the effectiveness of our product and network security controls. Nothing demonstrates the need for Information Security quite like learning to think and act like an attacker. Here’s What You Bring: Recent college graduate, currently enrollment in an undergraduate or graduate degree program with a curriculum focused on Information Security, Information Assurance, Computer Science or a related field. A GPA of at least 3.0 is preferred At least one (1) year of course work in the fundamentals of Information Security, relevant work experience, or industry-recognized Information Security certification (e.g. CompTIA Security+) A demonstrated passion for information technology and security Strong attention to detail with excellent oral and written communication skills Knowledge of Microsoft Windows, including Active Directory management and administration a plus