ADMIS has an opportunity for a results oriented Systems Engineer in its Infrastructure team. ADMIS supports many operational services including Converged Infrastructure and VMWare as part of the core business function. This role will be involved in varied Service Delivery Operations but particularly in our converged infrastructure and VM environment. This position will encompass monitoring, maintenance, troubleshooting, security, administration and resolutions of IT operations. This position requires an understanding of the urgent nature of ADMIS’s business and the need to proactively find and fix problems quickly and effectively. We want employees who take ownership and follow through on decisions. It is important to determine and fix the root cause, rather than just treat the symptoms. We embrace change wholeheartedly and find new ways to serve customers. Job Responsibilities: Advanced knowledge of handling problems or requests using established methods and procedures. Ability to troubleshoot advanced problems and effectively utilize available resources to resolve problems. Support of various systems including but not limited to: o Hyper Converged – preferably VxRail, o VMWare o Replication solutions o Windows server o Azure/AWS o General system support. Ability to follow through on assigned tasks and complete per project timelines. Work with developers, IT members, other business units and vendors on requirements, and implementation of solutions. Monitoring the health of the environment as a whole and individual systems. Monitoring replication status and implementing failover procedures as required. Adds, changes and deletes. Spinning up testing environments. Ability to work in a team oriented environment is essential Weekend and off hours support is required as well as participation in an on call rotation Job Description (Continued) Job Requirements: B.S. in Information Technology or related field and 5 years of work experience required. Expected to provide periodic status reports as needed/requested. Expected to follow processes to support and achieve a high level of customer satisfaction. Proven communication skills with the ability to build a strong partnership with business clients and technology teams. Solid technical knowledge, as well as competencies in areas including infrastructure, data models, requirements analysis, service orientation, monitoring, understanding of enterprise, business process, and application architecture. Ability to grasp technical concepts quickly. Proficient in converged infrastructure, VMWare and replication software. Hands-on 5+ years’ experience dealing with multi-data centers, multi-vendors, and multi-network connectivity. Adapt and support fast-paced environment. Promotes the ADM Way and Core Values Preferred Qualifications: Zerto Replication or Recovery Point Netscaler Sharepointe Job schedulers Financial industry Experience Relocation assistance is not available with this position. This position offers a complete benefit package, including 401K/ESOP, pension, health, life and dental insurance. ADM requires the successful completion of applicable pre-employment drug screen, medical questionnaire and a background check. ADM is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability and veterans status. EEO ADM is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability and veterans status. Ref ID LI-NA2