Marketing used to be an exercise in one-to-many communication: billboards, magazine ads, and - more recently - having a powerful social media presence. At Custora, we’re helping turn this model on its head, using mountains of data to help our customers direct the right campaigns to the right users rather than blasting the same message to the largest audience possible. We're moving at a rapid pace, taking on bigger customers every day and increasing the amount of data we collect by several orders of magnitude. As we leap into the next phase of our growth, we need developers who are motivated to solve interesting problems, experiment with new technology and help us change the way e-commerce marketing works in ways that will benefit both companies and consumers. We have hard problems to solve. We're already analyzing data for well over 500,000,000 end customers, and this number is growing fast. We're pulling data from numerous sources, computing sophisticated statistics on the fly and building a marketing experimentation platform that's usable by the entire marketing team. You'll have lots of responsibility. We're a small team, and each of us leads the projects we are most passionate about. You'll be able to own large parts of the software. Specifically, we’re looking for someone who can make strong contributions to our infrastructure. Someone with expertise or looking to gain expertise in the areas of automation, security, monitoring, performance or data engineering can be expected to take the lead on a project and expand the platform for Custora. Try new things. Experimentation is one of our core values at Custora and we need engineers who will apply new approaches to solving our problems. As our data grows and we move from a batch processing model to real-time analytics, we are ready and able to try new solutions. Have fun while you’re doing it. We believe solving hard problems is easiest in a fun, relaxed, and collaborative environment. Our team enjoys a good joke as much as fixing a tough bug. We want to find engineers who are eager to continue this balance — creating a place where people look forward to going to work. The Stack: While we make use of a wide variety of tools, our primary web stack is ES6/React and Ruby on Rails deployed on AWS. We make extensive use of R for statistical analysis, and our primary data stores are Hive, MySQL, and Redis. What it’s like to work here: On Monday we eat and meet as a team to chat projects and progress. We’re 45 genuinely nice people. We work together and experiment with how to do things. It’s an amazing environment to both explore your professional interests and shape your career trajectory. We move quickly. You build something and the next day it comes to life. You see and feel an immediate impact with the collective efforts of the team. We’re building a company and a team we love. We’re in it for the long run. Read more about what makes us, us here. Find out more here or here. Custora is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity. We don’t discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or socioeconomic status. Qualifications: 5 or more years of experience as a software engineer. Degree in Computer Science or a deep competency achieved via other means. Familiarity with Ruby on Rails, AWS, and SQL-based databases. High standards for code quality and maintainability. Nice to Have's: Experience with R, Scala, Spark, and/or Chef. Consistent record of delivering significant features or building out platforms and services. Experience working in e-commerce. The perks We’re a flexible work environment Competitive salary and meaningful equity Health, dental and vision insurance (100% covered) Free lunch every day, plus free water — hot and cold! Unlimited vacation: take as much time as you need (we recommend at least 3 weeks) Monthly unlimited MetroCard