Job Details SQL Application Developer Location: Corporate Headquarters located in the Clear Lake Area Schedule: Full-time About Universal In everything we do, we are building and growing the most comprehensive global community of professional business aviation resources to deliver on our shared purpose – the success of our clients’ trips. By equipping our employees to succeed, we will innovate, problem solve, and achieve excellence in all aspects of trip management to help our clients reduce their operating risks. By helping our clients achieve successful missions, we move organizations that then move the world. Job Summary The SQL Application Developer works closely with project team members and the business subject matter experts to comprehend programmatic data needs to write/develop and support SQL code associated with different applications. The SQL programmer also works closely with the Enterprise Data Delivery and Strategy team to ensure proper database setup and alignment to best practices and principals for database design and development for future reporting needs. Job Responsibilities Improve existing code bases and improve design throughout development and implementation Develop tables, queries, stored procedures, triggers, and scripts as needed to support business requirements Utilize execution query planning and appropriate indexes to enhance performance of code. Participate in planning, design, implementation, and testing of new and changing database configurations Share and document the details of the development to facilitate adequate reporting on developed code. Follow required coding standards and implement industry best practices Maintain code using version control tools, label code and coordinate planned deployments Initiate unit testing and participate in integration testing of all changes Communicate effectively with team members and business users and able to work responsibly with limited supervision and oversight. Develop code on multiple projects simultaneously while providing oversight across related projects for a ‘big picture’ perspective. Qualifications and Competencies Bachelor’s Degree in MIS, IT, Computer Science or related field. Equivalent technical experience may be substituted for educational requirement. 5+ years writing and implementing complex SQL code as a part of application development. Strong T-SQL and database programming skills 5+ years’ core experience in Microsoft SQL stack. Development experience in SQL Server 2014-16 and above and SQL Server Business Intelligence Stack (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS) is a must Understanding of database modeling and experience with application database architecture. Experience using Source Control tools Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel and Visio preferred to facilitate documentation efforts Excellent oral and written communication skills Excellent problem solving/troubleshooting and diagnostic skills Ability to work with ambiguous requirements and drill to detail with business partners to determine true needs Experience or background in pricing or financial accounting practices is a plus Universal offers an outstanding compensation and benefit packaging