Overview Aegion Corporation is looking for a Sr. Web Developer – Asset Integrity Management Aegion combines innovative technologies with market-leading expertise to maintain, rehabilitate and strengthen infrastructure around the world. Since 1971, the Company has played a pioneering role in finding transformational solutions to rehabilitate aging infrastructure, primarily pipelines in the wastewater, water, energy, mining and refining industries. Aegion also maintains the efficient operation of refineries and other industrial facilities and provides innovative solutions for the strengthening of buildings, bridges and other structures. Aegion is committed to Stronger. Safer. Infrastructure®. www.aegion.com Aegion is developing an Asset Integrity Management (AIM) platform that will improve the way we collect and manage data on behalf of our customers. This platform will also provide our customers a secure, online service to allow them to visualize and analyze their asset data. Key elements of this architecture include the implementation of analytics, visualizations, customer facing apps to drive the backend analytics, and export and reporting capabilities. We have several concepts that we plan to develop that will require user input and the upload of data, geospatial analyses of the data against various spatial datasets, and various interfaces for reporting and exporting results. Responsibilities As Sr. Web Developer, you are responsible for helping to design, develop, and implement web applications. This includes managing the interchange of data between the server and the users, as well as translating a concept to actual code that will produce the visual elements of the application. You will also design the overall architecture of the web application and evolve it to ensure maximum performance and stability. Working with the AIM team to develop ideas and concepts for web-based applications using the Amazon Web Services platform Working with the AIM team on all aspects of web technology development including proof-of-concept, prototype, pre-commercialization, and commercialization. Creating functional specifications to help drive application development Design and development of the overall architecture of each web application including the data model and user interface Optimization of the application for maximum speed and scalability Implementation of security and data protection Integration of the front-end and back-end aspects of each web application Working with Subject Matter Experts to incorporate traditional analyses methods into online, user-driven applications. Qualifications Candidates must have a Bachelor’s degree. Experienced with use of the Amazon Web Services platform to include Lambda Gateway API Dynamo DB or other key-value store database S3 Cognito Cloudwatch Basic AWS security Proficient at programming with React.JS, JavaScript and Node.JS Experience with Postgres database Proficient understanding of code versioning tools using GIT Elasticsearch is a plus Good understanding of HTML5 and CSS3 Creating database schemas that represent and support business processes Data migration, transformation, and scripting Management of hosting environment, including database administration and scaling an application to support load changes Understanding of fundamental design principles behind a scalable application Ability to implement automated testing platforms and unit tests Good understanding of Bootstraps Basic knowledge of image authoring tools, ability to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on an image. Familiarity with tools such as Gimp or Photoshop is a plus. Exposure to open source GIS technology, like QGIS, PostgreSQL+PostGIS, OGR, MapBox, and TileMill. Experience with ArcGIS Server and Desktop Familiarity with development aiding tools Visual Studio helpful The candidate must have strong communications skills with the ability to create plans and milestones, provide presentations to a variety of internal and external audiences, and communicate effectively in a team environment. Being self-directed with the ability to work independently as well as in a team setting is essential. We offer a competitive salary with career growth opportunities and a full benefits package including medical, dental, and vision Insurance, prescription drug coverage, annual bonus potential, 401k matching, tuition assistance, overtime pay, paid time off, and much more. Aegion is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Equal opportunity is a sound and just concept to which Aegion is firmly bound. Aegion will not engage in discrimination against, or harassment of, any person employed or seeking employment with Aegion on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, non-disqualifying disability, status as a protected veteran or other characteristics protected by law. VEVRAA compliant – priority referral Protected Veterans requested