Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. As a Model Maker with the AR/VR prototype team, you will work closely with Design and Engineering teams to develop concept and appearance models. You must demonstrate an understanding of technical skills and knowledge in a variety of prototyping processes at a consistent high level of quality and speed. This position requires strong conceptual development and the proficient use of various hand tools, mills and lathes. The incumbent must be able to work independently, have a high attention to detail, be customer oriented and possess strong problem-solving skills. A good working knowledge and ability to take files through the RP process from set up, operation, part clean up and fitting. This person must be a self-starter, well organized and have strong communication skills. RESPONSIBILITIES Create models of concepts and products for evaluation, presentation and focus group studies. Collaborate with the Industrial Design and Engineering teams to ensure models and prototypes meet their requirements. Engage with the Rapid Prototyping team to resolve complex design challenges and improve model making process. Finish, paint and assemble models to a high level of quality. Use hand sketches, computer aided designs (CAD) to create 3D models according to established specifications. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years of experience in hand finishing, painting and assembly visual and appearance models. Experience in working with cross-functional teams including Engineering, Product Design, Research, etc. Experience and knowledge of the full spectrum of model making and prototype development process, such as: 3D printing, CNC machining, functional prototypes, and appearance models with aesthetic fit, finishes color matching at a production-level appearance. Experience devising and constructing tools, dies, molds, jigs, and fixtures, or modify existing tools and equipment to achieve outcome. Experience working independently.