Company Overview At Proofpoint, we have a passion for protecting people, data, and brands from today’s advanced threats and compliance risks. We hire the best people in the business to: Build and enhance our proven security platform Blend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architecture Analyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intel Collaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges We are singularly devoted to helping our customers protect what matters most. That’s why we’re a leader in next- generation cybersecurity—and why more than half of the Fortune 100 trust us as a security partner. The Role The perfect Sales Coordinator prides in being an all knowing of company’s quote-to-booking process. Members of this group are responsible for supporting the Sales team essentially to ensure orders are accurate prior submitting to Finance for final processing. Playing a part in the intricate Sales Cycle, the group assists Sales with structuring quotes, tracking orders to see through booking, and training to understand the complete order booking process. The team would also work cross-functionally with Deals Desk, Legal, Finance, Manufacturing and Revenue to resolve matters involving Sales orders. Your day-to-day Work with Sales to structure Quotes to certify Company standard guidelines are followed Act as a point of contact on all aspects of Quoting-to-Booking Process including educating and training Sales on the use of systems Work with various teams (Deals Desk, Legal, Finance, Professional Services, Order Entry, etc.) to make sure all requirements are met for Orders to be processed Proactively track orders and escalate issues to Sales and/or assist with necessary internal revisions Ensure sales requests are processed in a timely, efficient, and accurate manner with strong focus during period-end deadlines Complete additional team projects as needed What you bring to the team 2+ years of experience working in a functional sales support, sales operations, or order management team in the hi-tech industry Ideal candidate has prior experience working in a SaaS company Salesforce.com experience required Well-organized; able to juggle multiple tasks and prioritize in a high-pressure environment with moderate supervision Must have strong people/customer service skills - ability to work with others in a collaborative team environment Strong interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills High computer application literacy including Microsoft Office Suite Thrives in a fast-paced environment Why Proofpoint As a customer focused and driven-to-win organization with leading edge products, there are many exciting reasons to join the Proofpoint team. We believe in hiring the best the brightest and cultivating a culture of collaboration and appreciation. As we continue to grow and expand globally, we understand that hiring the right people and treating them well is key to our success! We are a multi-national company with locations in 10 countries, with each location contributing to Proofpoint’s amazing culture! LI-JR1