The Role: Landsberg Orora is seeking a Replenishment Buyer. Do you like be part of something exciting? Are you passionate about customer service? If so, you can make a difference in this role with your volume of purchases! This position will report to the: Operations Services Manager Travel Requirement: No Travel Required FLSA Status: Non-exempt Landsberg Orora started in 1947, with the philosophy that everything begins and ends with the customer. Today, with locations across North America, Europe and Asia, Landsberg Orora is a market leader in designing custom packaging solutions and supplying a broad range of commodity packaging and stock packaging for our global customers. At Landsberg Orora, we take pride in powering innovations in packaging while ensuring sustainability is fundamental to everything we do. We believe our packaging touches lives and together, we, together as a team, deliver on the promise of what’s inside. From custom packaging design and packaging materials, to prototype development and manufacturing, packaging automation and equipment, kitting and fulfillment, global sourcing, and full-service warehousing and logistics, our packaging consultants develop cutting-edge, innovative solutions that take a product from concept to consumer. It is with this passion and commitment to innovation, we believe in hiring and developing the very best talent by living our core values of Teamwork, Passion, Respect, and Integrity every day. Our vision is to be the industry-leading packaging solutions and displays company. We value Teamwork, Passion, Respect and Integrity. These core values define who we are and how we operate. They shape the way we work with each other, with our customers, and with our communities. Every day, we deliver packaging solutions that exceed our customers’ expectations while solving complex problems as a team. We believe that all team members (irrespective of their role or level), should aspire to distinctive leadership behavior, as we continue to deliver on the promise for our customers, shareholders and each other. Leadership is not tied to a job title, i.e. you don’t need to be accountable for a team to be considered a leader. At Orora leadership is encouraged at every level, within the team. What You’ll be Responsible For in this Role In this role you will be responsible for executing the transactional process of procuring repeatable goods and services. You will be responsible for the accuracy of purchase order data in the ERP system, expediting orders as necessary, ensuring timely delivery of orders to our warehouses or customers as required; and resolving discrepancies related to purchase orders to our vendors. Prepare purchase orders and place orders for the purchase of goods and services. Maintain data on purchase orders to support efficiency in systematic processes related to sales, inventory and warehouse functions. Expedite orders when necessary to maintain acceptable customer service levels. Review orders for completeness, accuracy and compliance with existing policies and procedures. Responsible for maintaining master data related to procurement functions including lead time, cost, freight, intercompany terms Resolve invoice discrepancies to be able to voucher and pay vendor invoices Responsible to maintain vendor performance acceptable to the business KPI’s for delivery lead time and delivery and invoice accuracy Responsible to generate a purchase order up to $5,000. Demonstrate continuous effort to improve operations, improve turnaround times, streamline work processes and work cooperatively and jointly, to provide quality seamless customer service. Perform other duties and/or responsibilities as requested. What We’re Looking For Minimum Qualifications: 1-3 years’ experience in purchasing Able to work with more than one project/responsibility simultaneously Additional Required Qualifications: This position requires the ability to demonstrate the following competencies: Integrated Leadership People Development Change Management Intellectual flexibility & technical acumen Preferred Qualifications: Training in purchasing Bachelor’s degree Reasonable Accommodations Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. If you are interested in applying for employment with Orora and need special assistance to apply for a posted position, or if you believe you do not meet any of the required qualifications of a posted position due to a protected disability and would like to explore the possibility of an accommodation, please contact our Talent Acquisition team at: careers@ororagroup.com for additional support and guidance. What We Offer Our rich benefits packages are designed to support the health and well-being of both our eligible co-workers and their families. Medical Dental Vision Group Life and AD&D Voluntary Life and AD&D Group Short-Term Disability Group Long-Term Disability Flexible Spending Accounts Employee Assistance Program Profit Sharing and 401(k) Paid Time Off Equal Employment Opportunity We are an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a culturally diverse organization. We strive for inclusiveness and a workplace where mutual respect is paramount. We encourage applications from a diverse pool of candidates, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, or veteran status. We will provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities, as need, to assist them in performing essential job functions. Recruitment Agencies: Orora does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Orora is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.