Are you interested in becoming part of a dynamic team that is looking to innovate and improve? Would you like to work for a company that has been rated by the BBJ (15+yrs) as one of the best places to work? Do you want to be part of a company that is committed to give back to the community? Harvard Pilgrim Health Care is currently seeking a highly motivated individual to join our organization as Research Associate/Data Manager. The “Data Manager” will oversee all aspects of data management for Project Viva, including data cleaning, analysis and reporting of results . Project Viva is a longitudinal study of the effects of prenatal diet and lifestyle factors on pregnancy and childhood outcomes, based at the Department of Population Medicine (DPM). The DPM is jointly sponsored by Harvard Medical School and the Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Institute. WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING Develop advanced working knowledge of current and previous data management system(s) and data structure of longitudinal datasets. Oversee all aspects of data management for Project Viva, including: data collection, cleaning, coding, freezing, analysis,presentation reporting and archiving. Design and manage REDCap and other databases; design and revise research instruments as needed. Work closely with Project Viva’s Project Manager, Operations Manager and the study operations team to oversee data collection and quality control activities. Train, guide and mentor Research Assistants on data related activities. Project management of data-related projects, such as medical record abstraction and qualitative analysis, Lead Project Viva’s Data/Operations bi-weekly leadership meetings and provide study statistics and reports as appropriate to monitor study progress and support operational decision-making. Work closely with Project Viva’s PIs and Analysts to generate statistics and analytic datasets as requested. Perform out-of-the-box thinking, collaborate with others, and make a difference every day! Other duties and projects as assigned. Qualifications WHAT YOU NEED Master’s Degree in Public Health, Health Services Research, Health Policy, Economics, or combination of education and work experience. At least 3 years of relevant experience in a research environment. Ability to analyze data and report data findings. Exposure to varied data systems. Sound knowledge of research methods specific to epidemiological and/or health policy studies & of Microsoft Office applications. Intermediate SAS programming skills High level communications skills. Resilient, collaborative, flexible, innovative. WHAT MAKES US STAND OUT Work-Life-Flexibility Paid volunteer time off (up to 3 days annually) Annual Mini-Grant of $500 donated to a non-profit organization of the employee’s choice Educational Reimbursement Working Environment Normal office environment. Disclaimer The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position. Primary Location : United States of America-Massachusetts-Boston Organization : 998 Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Grant