JOB DESCRIPTION Envista Forensics addresses the growing demand by insurance claims and legal professionals for a global, multi-disciplinary and highly-skilled forensic engineering partner. Envista Forensics is a global forensic consulting firm that provides a comprehensive array of technical services to the insurance and legal communities. Our mission is simple: We deliver certainty to our clients when they need it most: When equipment, systems, structures, or data have been threatened by catastrophe or litigation. We determine cause and responsibility; we identify the nature and extent of damage or loss and provide a full range of solutions to protect their assets. Our technical experts are trusted advisor's and industry leaders. Their expertise is broad and deep, capable of withstanding all forms of scrutiny. Our services are available globally so that certainty is assured no matter where in the world it is needed. As the recovery from disasters has grown more complex, Envista Forensics has developed a comprehensive array of services to help our clients and has associates located around the globe to provide our clients assurance no matter the type of loss or location of the disaster. Our entire staff is dedicated to providing the best possible service, vast experience, and Certainty in an Uncertain World. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer offering competitive pay and benefits and an environment where teamwork, ongoing professional development, continuous improvement, and exceptional service are valued and rewarded. We are seeking a Building Consultant to support our current and growing demand for forensic consulting services worldwide. Responsibilities: Prepares Xactimate estimates. Resolves contractor disputes. Handles multiple insurance appraisals. Prepares technical reports that compliment estimates and findings. Conducts on-site inspections of residential, commercial, and industrial losses. Conducts damage assessments from weather related events. Desk reviews of other contractor’s estimates. Critiques scopes of work. Interacts regularly with other professionals, including engineers, builders, architects and surveyors, and in-house project teams. Stays abreast of office and company policies, procedures, and practices; participates in ongoing training and development as assigned or approved to assure knowledge and skills remain current and comprehensive. Functions as an effective member of the team, assisting co-workers as needed and learning from colleagues and supervisors; supports the goals of the department, division, and organization; participates in special assignments and activities as required or approved; demonstrates initiative in the interest of the client and the organization. Adheres to all applicable federal, state, and local laws as well as applicable regulations and standards.