Human Centered Design Consultant Telligen is one of the most respected health management organizations in the country. We enjoy a friendly work environment where everyone is dedicated to mutual trust, respect, and excellence. Telligen employee-owners are committed to finding innovative solutions, which makes us the first choice for a broad range of clients. We make a difference, in the lives of people, in the world of healthcare. As a 100% employee-owned company, our employee-owners drive our business, our solutions and share in our success. Telligen attracts a highly qualified and diverse workforce who display deep dedication, unwavering integrity and willingness to support the communities in which we serve. We approach our vision to be one of the most sought-after companies to transform the health of populations by following through on our values of Ownership, Community, Ingenuity & Integrity. As a Human Centered Design Consultant at Telligen, you will be responsible for analyzing the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Quality Payment Program (QPP) education and outreach needs. This includes applying human-user centered design techniques and adult learning to the planning, designing, and implementing work products. You will also monitor and report the effectiveness of the educational product to stakeholders. This position works with all levels of management to develop strategies and solutions. The Gig: You will analyze educational needs as identified by program subject matter experts (SME’s), operational leaders, or executive leadership. You will also validate educational needs and gaps in performance with qualitative and quantitative data. You will design, plan, implement, deliver, and evaluate while continually improving training projects, programs, processes, and policies to ensure they meet identified needs. You will ensure the use of adult learning and human/user centered design principles. You will create innovative approaches to disseminate educational content effectively by building empathy with end users. You will maintain and improve existing education and outreach materials to ensure programs continue to meet originally identified needs. You will stay up to date with current user experience design (UX) and usability best practices. What you need to make the cut: Four-year degree in human factors, cognitive science, psychology, industrial engineering, marketing, education, or related field and/or equivalent training and experience. 5-7 years of experience in training needs analysis, design, development, facilitation, and evaluation using instructional design and/or human/user centered design. Healthcare/clinical experience and/or health information technology (HIT) experience are a plus. Working knowledge of current and emerging training tools and learning aids, including web-based and on-demand computer based training (CBT) experience. Why Telligen... for over 45 years Telligen has been dedicated to the delivery of innovative health management solutions which improve the quality and cost-effectiveness of healthcare for consumers and providers. Telligen serves commercial clients and government programs at the federal, state and local level, improving health for millions of people nationwide. Competitive pay and benefits. We offer comprehensive benefits including medical, dental, vision, HSA & flex spending accounts, life insurance, disability, 401(k) and an ESOP (Employee Stock Ownership Plan). 100% Employee-Owned. We have a culture where Ownership matters! Life/Work Balance. Generous holiday, volunteer and paid time-off benefits. Casual Dress. Come in a sweatshirt, jeans, whatever…like everyone else here. Free Fruit Friday. You know what they say about an ‘Apple a Day’! Giving Garden. Have a green thumb? Over 3,000 pounds of produce donated annually. Wellness Program. Healthy employee-owners are engaged employee-owners and we are committed to providing many opportunities to motivate you along your well-being journey through our RevUP! wellness program. Education. Tuition and education assistance & career related CEU's, license and certifications. Community. The Telligen Community Initiative has awarded more than $4 million in grant awards since 2005. Interested? Now that you know a little about us, we’d like to learn more about you. Please include a current resume with your application. We also highly recommend including a cover letter where you can highlight why you think you’d be a great fit within the team…we promise we will read it all the way through! Thank you for your interest in Telligen! Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn to learn more about our mission- driven culture and stay up to speed. www.telligen.com/careers _Telligen and our affiliates are Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employers (EOE/M/F/Vet/Disability) and E-Verify Participants._ _Telligen will not provide sponsorship for this position. If you will require sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, we cannot consider your application at this time._ _Telligen does not accept 3_ _rd_ _party solicitations from outside staffing firms._