Overview Do you have a passion for solving problems? Are you organized, personable, & driven? If so, you will want to investigate a career as a Business Analyst at INSIGHT2PROFIT. Our smart and visionary team includes people just like you — individuals who are motivated by a groundbreaking approach and exceptional outcomes. This is your chance to leverage INSIGHT2PROFIT ’s proven business model while crafting the direction of a booming industry. Joining us today will enable you to secure a highly visible role while doing influential work that delivers significant value to our clients. Experience unparalleled achievement at INSIGHT2PROFIT , a consulting and technology firm focused on serving middle market B2B manufacturers and distributors to increase profitability. We combine expertise and technology to deliver sustainable growth to companies through implementation and management of pricing and profit strategies. INSIGHT2PROFIT is also garnering accolades, from our ranking among the Inc. 500 | 5000 list of fastest-growing private U.S. companies six years in a row to our designation as a Top Workplace. Responsibilities Analytics Manipulates & understands data, trends & diagnostics results to clearly articulate business opportunities Configure model with limited mentorship from project lead Demonstrates superb attention to detail Demonstrates interest and/or competence in tools needed to deliver project analysis (Excel, Power Pivot, and other analytical tools and software, etc.) Proactively manages quality of own work Provides analysis as directed from team leads Problem Solving Exhibits a pro-active problem solving approach/attitude Identifies options & makes recommendations Demonstrates ability to be inventive in seeking solutions Project Management Follows standard processes, templates & tools for building client materials Prioritizes & deliver all assigned project tasks per project timeline on-time with quality results; performs tasks with a sense of urgency Identifies & communicates status, risks & issues impacting the quality or timeliness of work Ability to absorb constructive feedback to improve client deliverables Client Engagement High level of exposure to C-suite leadership Responsible for routine reporting including communication deck to clients Presents analysis during internal client working sessions & with client Completes adhoc data queries & analysis in Excel or other tools Demonstrates use of listening & questioning techniques to understand issues & problems Qualifications General Business - Finance, Marketing, Management Economics, Mathematics, Data and Analytics, Statistics and Actuarial Science Proficiency is required in a variety of computer applications including Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint, OneNote Upbeat, driven, and action-oriented professional Strong analytical and interpersonal skills High-degree of ambition to perform in a dynamic environment Travel for this position is required (Typically, 6-8 days per month.) Some international travel may also be required Don't miss out on the career breakthrough you've worked hard to realize - Apply today!