JOB SUMMARY: Puget Sound Energy’s Resource Management and Performance department is looking for a Senior Business Analyst to join our team. This position will be part of a team of analysts who are focused on taking a data- driven approach in assisting our Customer & System Projects department to develop best practices, continuously improve our processes, and encourage innovation with the goal of enriching our staff and our customer’s experience. This 3-year-old team delivers projects that generate tools, dashboards, reports, and documents to enable the business to run efficiently. C&SP; relies on these products to efficiently manage the business in terms of resource planning, project management, and customer service. Families and businesses depend on PSE to provide the energy they need to pursue their dreams. Our steadfast commitment to serving Washington communities with safe, dependable and efficient energy started in 1886. Today we’re building the Northwest’s energy future through efforts like our award winning energy efficiency programs and our leadership in renewable energy. At PSE all employees are valued, respected and provided with the opportunity to excel professionally. We offer an expansive pay package that includes competitive compensation, annual goals-based incentive bonuses, comprehensive cafeteria-style benefits, 401(K), a company paid retirement pension plan, and an employee assistance and wellness program. JOB REQUIREMENT: JOB RESPONSIBILTY: • Leads other department analysts preparing operational schedules, forecasts, budget and staffing plans and departmental dashboards to provide timely and relevant metrics and analysis for key operational and financial processes. Leads and manages internal and external project teams on various process improvement initiatives and customer service projects. Initiates, leads, and performs analysis and provides recommendations involving complex business problems. Uses sophisticated analytics and statistical methods to study and analyze available data and to determine trends, root cause, metrics, leading and lagging indicators. Routinely applies process improvement methodologies to business processes and procedures and practices continuous improvement and organizational change management. Responsibility for development and ongoing updates/maintenance of department Shared drives and intranet site (SharePoint) and all interaction/information/communication. Creates or updates forms, agreements, process flows, other department documents. Performs other duties as assigned. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s degree in business, accounting or related field, or an equivalent combination of education and/or work experience 5 years work experience as an analyst In-depth knowledge of systems and processes crucial to department operations. Strong problem solving and analytical skills in a complex environment, with exceptional PC skills using Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, SAP and CIS. Strong time management and organizational skills. Able to work independently in a fast-paced environment and prioritize assignments. Strong customer service, communication, and interpersonal skills with the ability to work well in a multi-team environment. Effective written and oral communication skills. DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: Demonstrated ability to follow-through on process change and sustainability Knowledge of internal process flows and the effects to other departments. Working knowledge of filed rates and tariffs. Knowledge of process improvement methodology. Ability to create a positive work environment.