Quality 1.0 FTE, 8 Hour Day Shifts At Stanford Children’s Health, we know world-renowned care begins with world- class caring. That's why we combine advanced technologies and breakthrough discoveries with family-centered care. It's why we provide our caregivers with continuing education and state-of-the-art facilities, like the newly remodeled Lucile Packard Children's Hospital Stanford. And it's why we need caring, committed people on our team - like you. Join us on our mission to heal humanity, one child and family at a time. The Quality Manager is responsible for planning, coordinating, and monitoring the effectiveness of clinical care and services based on quality outcomes, cost effectiveness, and patient centeredness. This position is responsible to lead peer review, quality councils, and performance improvement initiatives and combines the clinical expertise required to lead clinical practice with the leadership skills to influence outcomes, systems, and practices. The Quality Manager identifies opportunities for improvement based on evidence based practices, regulatory and accrediting agency requirements, and monitoring of high risk, high volume and/or problem prone processes. This position is responsible for negotiating timelines and priorities for projects, coordinating action plans, and monitoring of results that are consistent with the overall strategic goals and imperatives Essential Functions Accountable for leading multidisciplinary and multi-departmental strategic quality initiatives. Annually prepares and reviews the Department Quality Plan with Chairs and Division Chiefs. Reviews the departmental indicators on a regular basis and makes recommendations as needed to ensure the departmental quality improvement efforts are effective and coordinated on an organization wide basis. Communicates effectively to facilitate positive working relationships and achieve desired outcomes. Exhibits excellent interpersonal skills and is skilled at leading the efforts of multidisciplinary team initiatives. The position will ensure that quality improvement activities are directed toward analysis of data, with a focus on improvement of process. Coordinates peer review, periodic practitioner performance reviews, and focused practitioner performance review with assigned departments and ensures that policies and processes are followed. Effectively establishes and maintains collaborative working relationships with the medical staff, management team, and staff to achieve best practice outcomes and improve clinical performance. Gathers and analyzes clinical information from a variety of internal and external sources relating to patient safety, utilization of resources, physician practice patterns, system problems, and other quality functions. Identifies trends, variances, deficiencies, and problems utilizing aggregated data and information and works with multidisciplinary teams to on improvement efforts. Identifies, designs and implements new processes and clinical care, based on evidence, to continually improve patient care and outcomes and to achieve performance targets. Improves responsiveness and relations with all customers, including patients and their families, faculty and community physicians, other participating providers, affiliated health plans, staff, regulatory and accrediting bodies. Maintains network with affiliate institutions, organizations, and associations and other health care providers to stay in touch with developments and trends in the healthcare market as it relates to best practices. Partners with Clinical Analytics to prepare and distribute reports/charts to service chiefs, department managers, and medical staff committees. Performs, coordinates, and facilitates quality improvement, patient safety activities, and clinical effectiveness initiatives for assigned units to achieve organizational and unit goals. Works collaboratively with the unit manager and unit based medical directors. Provides content knowledge in the interpretation, implementation, and maintenance of standards to match external requirements (e.g., Joint Commission, CMS, Title 22). Provides leadership for creating a culture of patient safety and works with various constituencies to ensure compliance to the National Patient Safety Goals. Uses influence effectively to create synergy, prioritize projects, set goals and actions plans, and measure impact. Utilize and develop valid internal and external standards to measure quality. Minimum Qualifications _Any combination of education and experience that would likely provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities as well as possession of any required licenses or certifications is qualifying._ Education: Master's degree in a work-related discipline/field from an accredited college or university Experience: Five (5) years of progressively responsible and directly related work experience Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Knowledge of computer systems and software used in functional area Knowledge of statistical analysis and reporting practices pertaining to quality improvement and program evaluation. Ability to speak, read, write, and understand English effectively at a level appropriate for the safe and effective performance of the job. Equal Opportunity Employer L ucile Packard Children’s Hospital Stanford strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity and non-discrimination in all of its policies and practices, including the area of employment. Accordingly, LPCH does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation or gender identity, religion, age, national or ethnic origin, political beliefs, marital status, medical condition, genetic information, veteran status, or disability, or the perception of any of the above. People of all genders, members of all racial and ethnic groups, people with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. Qualified applicants with criminal convictions will be considered after an individualized assessment of the conviction and the job requirements, and where applicable, in compliance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.