St. Elizabeth's Medical Center is the largest teaching hospital within Steward Health Care. As a sponsoring institution it is responsible for ensuring engagement of its graduate medical education trainees in the 6 focus areas, articulated within the ACGME's clinical learning environment review program, which include patient safety and health care quality. While both GME and health system leaders are likely to endorse a shared mission of trainee education and engagement in quality and safety efforts, accountability for these efforts is still dispersed, and exactly who will lead this work in teaching institutions remains unclear. One strategy for organizations to meet these challenges is to create a bridging leadership role, specifically designed to align and integrate GME and the health systems' quality and safety mission. The individual in this role will be supporting the needs of both GME and health system quality leadership. To maintain its accreditation status as a sponsoring institution for graduate medical education, St. Elizabeth's Medical Center must be able to demonstrate continuous quality improvement with regards to the clinical learning environment. Data from previous CLER surveys currently fails to demonstrate improvement over time. Creating a GME leadership role in quality and safety is a means of ensuring improved engagement by residents, fellows, and faculty in the areas of quality improvement and patient safety while optimizing the educational experience for resident and fellow physician learners. Key skills and backgrounds to consider when selecting an individual for a GME quality and safety leadership role. Experience in both health care quality and medical education are ideal for a GME quality and safety leader. Experience leading inter-professional teams is important-as the role necessitates working jointly with residents, fellows, program directors, nurses, other hospital staff, and medical center leadership. Finally, proficiency in communication, conflict resolution, goal setting, time management, and project management are essential. Evaluation of performance in these roles is linked in part to the institutions' performance on CLER metrics as well as the annual ACGME survey responses from our trainees and faculty in the areas of quality and safety. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: Develop and oversee a Resident and Fellow QI Incentive Program to engage trainees in global medical center QI goals as well as program-specific goals Design and implement a multi-pronged strategy to increase resident and faculty reporting of patient safety events Design and implement a mechanism for clinical site monitoring of resident, fellow, and faculty reporting of patient safety events Design rubric and central dashboard to track and share educational programming across institution and provide coaching to individual programs Collaborate with enterprise patient safety to standardize triage of incidents involving residents and a process for soliciting resident involvement in RCAs and participation in hospital quality and safety committees. Foster resident, fellow, and faculty member participation in inter-professional, interdisciplinary, systems-based improvement efforts such as patient safety event reviews and analyses. Improve engagement of residents and fellows in inter-professional QI teams Implement a patient safety simulation for residents and fellows at orientation which included adverse event reporting training Develop and implement a didactic curriculum for resident training in Patient Safety as well as opportunities for experiential learning to maximize resident/fellow participation Develop and implement a didactic curriculum for resident training in Quality Improvement as well as opportunities for experiential learning to maximize resident/fellow participation Develop specialty specific quality and safety metrics and provide periodic reports back to program residents and faculty Develop a program for resident, fellow, and faculty education on reducing health care disparities and initiatives to address disparities in the vulnerable populations served by the medical center REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS: Experience leading inter-professional teams Experience in both health care quality and medical education Proficiency in communication, conflict resolution, goal setting, time management, and project management Demonstrates respect and regard for the dignity of all patients, families, visitors, and fellow employees to ensure a professional, responsible, and courteous environment. Commits to recognize and respect cultural diversity for all customers (internal and external). Communicates effectively with internal and external customers with respect of differences in cultures, values, beliefs and ages, utilizing interpreters when needed. Performs other duties as assigned EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/LICENSURE/TECHNICAL/OTHER: Education: Bachelors min MPH desirable Experience: 3 – 5 years in health care quality setting