The YMCA of Metropolitan Detroit is a non-profit organization dedicated to strengthening the foundation of community through youth development, healthy living, and social responsibility. Imagine going to work knowing that what you do each day positively affects the lives of the people in your community. Working at the Y, you’ll discover more than just a job—you’ll enjoy a career with the chance to make a lasting difference in the lives of those around you. TITLE: Healthy Living & Life Skills Administrative Assistant LOCATION: STARTING Healthy Living and Life Skills YMCA 1401 Broadway Detroit, MI 48226 PAY RATE: $11.00 - $13.00 per hour Approximately 15-20hours per week Available hours: oLate June to Early September: between 9:30am and 2:00pm oEarly September to Early June: between 2:00pm and 6:00pm oHours may vary according to task HOW TO APPLY: Submit resumes and cover letters by August 14th to: Meaghan Gorski, Child Nutrition Program Director YMCA of Metropolitan Detroit mgorski@ymcadetroit.org POSITION SUMMARY: Great opportunity for a detail oriented leader with strong problem solving capabilities to support the Ys strategic mission.Under the supervision of the Child Nutrition Program Director, the Healthy Living & Skills Administrative Assistant will be responsible for supporting the development of all HLLS programs, by building organizational structures and administrative components. This individual will serve as a resource to program and meal sites throughout Wayne, Oakland and Macomb counties. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Y Nourish Programs Serve as point person for questions directed to the meal program and forward to appropriate staff as needed via phone and/or email. Communicate meal count changes and other pertinent information to meal program vendor, sites, and the Y’s internal kitchen team. Collect daily meal count information from sites and provide follow up with sites on an as needed basis. Review meal program paperwork to ensure accuracy. Compile a report of missing site data for the CNP Director on a weekly basis. Manage monthly Child and Adult Care Food Program (CACFP) and Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) records. Reconcile any discrepancies in meal counts and records with Site Supervisors Attend trainings conducted by MDE or other partner organizations and keep current on best practices for CNPs Monitor the process of all purchase orders and work with the corporate office to ensure timely payment of invoices. Publishand distribute monthly and weekly menus for meal program sites. Develop marketing and promotional materials for Y Nourish programming as needed. Serve as a back-up delivery driver or prep cook on an as-needed basis. Branch Administration Exhibit quality customer service Assist with branch fundraising campaigns as required Prepare and process all new hire paperwork, maintain branch personnel records. Submit Volunteer background checks and monitor that volunteer training is completed. Create master calendar of events and assist staff with follow up to stay on task. Data Collection and information management Assist with Pre/Post-tests as needed Assist with researching and gathering area/program statistics Assist with grant reporting Monitor branch credit card distribution and usage; prepare month-end reconciliation for all branch credit cards Create and monitor the process of all purchase orders and work with the corporate office to ensure timely payment of invoices Assist in planning and process of new projects Assist in additional events or tasks as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS: Ability to manage time efficiently and to work independently with minimum supervision. Attention to detail, accuracy, and meeting deadlines. Must have flexibility and the ability to adapt to changing circumstances. Good judgment and discretion. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Fluent in google applications such as gmail, drive, sheets, forms, etc. Must have valid Michigan driver’s license and vehicle for transportation. Ability to represent the YMCA in an effective way in the community Chauffeurs license helpful Ability to relate effectively to diverse groups of people from all social and economic segments of the community The YMCA of Metropolitan Detroit (“YMCA”) is an equal opportunity employer and seeks to be an inclusive and welcoming environment for all. The YMCA does not discriminate in recruitment, hiring or other terms or conditions of employment on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sex, age, religion, national origin, genetic information, ethnicity, height, weight, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, military status or application or any other basis protected by state, federal or other applicable law.