Position Summary Arizona Oncology Associates is looking for a _Administrative Assistant_ _Sr._ . Great opportunity to join a team that focuses on patient care - Located in beautiful Arizona, you will have the ability to enjoy small town living with big city amenities on top of a rewarding work/life balance. _The ideal candidate will have the following background and experience:_ Associate's degree in business, office administration, or secretarial program required. Minimum of five years of office administration experience. Typing speed of 55+ WPM Urology experience preferred Position is considering all levels of experience Scope Under minimal supervision, provides administrative and staff support services for the department. Handles administrative tasks for projects, programs or processes specific to the operating unit served. Keeps records, statistics and files according to standardized procedures and requirements. Generally is the contact person for information on administrative processes. This is not a secretarial position. Supports and adheres to the US Oncology Compliance Program, to include the Code of Ethics and Business Standards. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Provides administrative support for special projects to include research, compiling data, preparing standard reports. Solves routine problems, referring more complex issues to the next level. Answers telephones, takes accurate messages, and screens and directs calls in a professional manner. Composes, prepares, and proofreads correspondence, office memos, and reports on the computer; maintaining confidentiality when required. Routinely updates documents to keep up with changes in processes or programs. Handles all administrative detail to support programs or processes under the direction of a manager. Includes handling requests for information, sending out routine letters and inquiries, answering questions, following up on problems or needed changes. Is included in discussions regarding processes quality and improvement. Designs, implements, and updates forms for use within the office by applying knowledge of software applications. Maintains files in an organized and accessible manner to include updating information, purging files on a regular basis, and creating a new filing system as needed. Receives invoices and reviews for accuracy, provides codes for payment or tracking, completes approval documentation and obtains authorized signatures. Forwards records to accounting for processing, expedites payments and files in appropriate records system. Takes charge of program or department calendars and schedules meetings and appointments as necessary. May make meeting arrangements or coordinate needed changes. Communicates with all levels of management on information relating to projects and other requests. Acts as a liaison between management and other staff. Documents actions, processes and procedures supporting processes and programs. Uses and maintains databases and on-line records. Maintains accuracy of hardcopy and on line records. Company Overview As the largest cancer practice in Arizona, we are proud to provide advanced and compassionate Medical Oncology, Radiation Oncology, Gynecologic Oncology and Hematologic services. Our physicians and staff incorporate a multidisciplinary, personalized approach to treatment to enhance the patient experience by providing complete care in convenient, community-based locations. We are proud to provide patients with access to the latest treatments, state- of-the-art technology, and an extensive research program. We believe it is beneficial to patients’ that these therapies are provided in a community setting, because it allows you to remain close to home and to your support system. Arizona Oncology physicians are supported by talented clinical staff that are sensitive to the needs of cancer patients and their caregivers. United in Healing with The US Oncology Network Arizona Oncology is united in healing with The US Oncology Network, one of the nation’s largest community-based cancer treatment and research networks focused on advancing cancer care in America. As an affiliate of The US Oncology Network, Arizona Oncology is united with more than 1,000 physicians and 10,000 cancer professionals nationwide. Ready For Your Next Career Challenge? We’d Love to Hear from You! If you possess the above qualifications and a desire to make a difference, we invite you to submit your resume and apply. In addition to a great career opportunity, we offer excellent benefits, a team environment, professional development, and the chance to be part of a nationwide network dedicated to fight the war against cancer. M The US Oncology Network is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.