Description About the Position: The Critical Network Infrastructure (CNI)/Network Strategy DomainArchitect (DA) will be part of the Architecture Center of Excellence (CoE), providing technicalexpertise to IT and business teams to help identify technology solutions andstrategies related CNI (Critical Network Infrastructure), New Energy Solutions,Grid Modernization, IT/OT integration and EMS/SCADA Power Systems. Position Responsibilities (including but not limited to): The Domain Architect (DA) will be responsible for establishing currentand long-range direction of technology aimed at keeping the organization on theforefront of change. The DA will develop and maintain a technologyroadmap that enables business outcomes and will be able to reliably forecastbusiness needs in the 3-5-year horizon. TheDA will provide comprehensive consultation to business units and IT managementand staff while operating with minimal supervision. As a core member of thearchitecture team and a technical thought leader within the organization, thedomain architect will provide leadership, direction and guidance to InformationServices (IS) practitioners in the CNI domain. DA will analyse and assessbusiness strategies, technology trends and organizational capabilities, andensure current and future state solutions align with the enterprisearchitecture. The DA will provide direction and guidance on technical productsand solution architecture to the Solution Architects (SAs). Responsible for solving complex technology problems incollaboration with Solution Architects. Will lead a team of Solution architects work closely withfunctional experts and the Vice Presidents of End-to-End processes as well aswith project delivery teams. Will ensure appropriate implementation and compliance oftechnology for their domain. Will provide Investment planning cycle support for all initiativesthat are related to CNI. Responsible for technical innovations and solutions for complex applicationdevelopment requests. Will Provide technological expertise and advice to IT leadershipin the development of strategic information technology plans to supportbusiness strategies. Qualifications Specific Knowledge & Experience includes: Understanding of business context, key processes, and emerging technologies that will transform the utilities industry and the organization. Understanding of Power System Operations, Power Flow Analysis & Real Time Contingency Analysis. Expertise in designing and developing enterprise-wide architecture and strategy in the CNI domain in alignment with the business strategy. The target architecture will potentially address all aspects of the business operating model, including Business, Information, Application, and Technology Architecture domains, or a subset of these aspects as required, and must demonstrate traceability back to agreed business objectives through a coherent set of design decisions. Expertise in development of strategic direction, target state architecture and roadmap to provide the business with greater access to information and insights into the new capabilities and control of the grid. Experience in management of architecture governance within CNI domain. Experience in Investment planning cycle support for CNI domain is preferred (but not necessary) Ability to discuss, define, and monitor key requirements with business units. Expertise in defining solution architecture for key projects within the CNI domain, focusing largely on aligning solution architecture with business strategies and enterprise architecture. Collaborate with other Domain and Solution architects to implement efficient, cost-effective, high performing solutions. Ability to support application development and support teams by effectively defining solution architectures, and ensuring architecture risks are appropriately mitigated prior to production deployment. Comprehensive understanding of change management techniques associated with new technology implementation. Experience producing an economic business cases, case for change literature. Proficient with Visio, MS Project, Word, Excel & PowerPoint. Technology & Architecture: Prior experience developing application architecture processes, techniques, architecture strategy, and policies from beginning through delivery. Strong technical skills around vendor product selection, software and technology analysis, business analytics, service oriented architecture and convergence of cross utility functions. Thorough knowledge and experience in SCADA/EMS systems and advanced power systems applications: Power System Operations & Power Flow Analysis, EMS Experience, Advanced Network Apps: State Estimator Dispatch Load Flow Voltage Stability Analysis Equipment Outage Scheduler Real Time Contingency Analysis Electric Engineering Network Modelling NERC CIP awareness Thorough knowledge and experience in Network Strategy, Network and Asset Management, Distributed System Platform, Telecommunications, IT/OT integration, Energy Procurement and Power Generation Operations solutions. Qualifications Required: Demonstrated experience with developing solution architecture and conceptual and logical system design for large scale programs and project in the CNI and Network Strategy systems Domain. Excellent communications skills and ability to work effectively with all levels of IT, vendor and business management. Minimum 8 to 10 years’ experience in diverse IT domains, with a focus around electric utility functions, customer, grid and real time domains. Ability to function at both the detail and conceptual levels. Demonstrated leadership ability. Enterprise Architecture or Technology Management Certification (preferred). Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related discipline (required). Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related discipline (preferred). _National Grid_ _is an equal opportunity employer that_ _value_ _s_ _a broad diversity of talent, knowledge, experience and expertise. We foster a culture of_ _inclusion t_ _hat drives employee engagement to deliver superior performance to the communities we serve. National Grid is proud to be_ _an affirmative action employer. We encourage minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to join the National Grid team._ Job :IS - US Primary Location :MA-Waltham Organisation :IS - US Schedule :Full-time Job Posting :May 31, 2018, 4:49:22 PM Unposting Date :Ongoing