Duties Summary This announcement will close at 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on the date the first (75) applicants are received or on August 13, 2018, whichever comes first. This position is located at the U.S. Census Bureau's Dallas Regional Census Center. This is a Time Limited Appointment, initial appointment is not to exceed (NTE) 2 years. This appointment may be extended at management's discretion. This is a NON-BARGAINING unit position. Relocation will not be paid. Supervisory trial period may be required. The work schedule for this position is Mixed Tour. With a Mixed Tour work schedule, an employee may be changed between full-time, part-time and intermittent work schedules to accommodate fluctuating workloads and is subject to a signed agreement. Responsibilities The individual selected for this position will: Develops and maintains a wide variety of outside contacts with local civic associations, businesses, religious groups, and other community-based organizations. Works with local organizations to promote the census. Responsible for the overall management, oversight, and close control of filed, office, and evaluation operations of the Area Census Office. Provides coordination, technical direction, observes field observations, and provides analytical and logistical support in the Regional Census Center. Monitors the cost and progress reports of field, office and evaluation activities to assure operations are conducted on schedule and within budgeted allocations. Takes necessary actions to correct operations which are behind schedule or which have costs in excess of budgeted allocations. Performs or directs the recruiting, interviewing, testing, selection, and induction of new employees, develop a strategic plan for ACO enumeration and recruitment. Travel Required 50% or less - Position requires frequent travel. Supervisory status Yes Promotion Potential 13 Who May Apply This job is open to… All qualified United States citizens. Questions? This job is open to 1 group.