Does the idea of diving head first into one of the most comprehensive datasets of the internet’s metadata and infrastructure excite you? Do you want to to help win the battle against cyber crime by building predictive solutions for DomainTools’ threat intelligence platform? As a Data Scientist at DomainTools , you will help us improve our ability to predict malicious domains, identify patterns of malicious activity, and advance our products & services. You will collaborate with people across the entire organization to help identify new opportunities for predictive solutions, build prototypes, and work closely with product management and engineering to deliver them to the customer. Your work will inform both the R&D; and product roadmap & contribute to primary research delivered to our customers and marketplace. Who you are: PhD or MS in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field with a focus on data science and 3+ years work experience in data science and predictive modeling Or BS in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field and 8+ years work experience in data science and predictive modeling What you bring: You are self-directed, research-focused, and excited by finding new patterns in data In-depth knowledge of machine learning algorithms, both supervised and unsupervised, and statistical modeling methods Algorithm and model optimization (hyper-parameter tuning; feature engineering, extraction, and selection) Experience building analytical pipelines with distributed, large scale data processing platforms Able to communicate your research and finding effectively across all levels of the company, as well as externally to customers and the cyber security community Nice to haves: Experience working in CyberSecurity (Understanding of cyber kill chain model, threat actors and their TTPs) Understanding of IP networking, DNS, and Whois records Experience with actual "Big Data" datasets on NoSQL and/or RDBMS Experience designing data visualizations Python and/or Scala experience, including Jupyter Notebooks Hive, Spark, MapReduce, R, Pandas, scikit-learn What you will do: Identify new complementary datasets Explore, analyze, and transform very large datasets Design and build new models, and/or enhance existing models Evaluating effectiveness of models over time Share your research across the company and with our customers in the form of articles, papers, and presentations Generate new intellectual property This position is located in our Seattle office. There will be occasional travel to conferences. Must be authorized to work in the United States. DomainTools helps security analysts turn threat data into threat intelligence. We take indicators from your network, including domains and IPs, and connect them with nearly every active domain on the Internet. Those connections inform risk assessments, help profile attackers, guide online fraud investigations, and map cyber activity to attacker infrastructure. Fortune 1000 companies, global government agencies, and leading security solution vendors use the DomainTools platform as a critical ingredient in their threat investigation and mitigation work.