Solution Architect ~ Data / BI COE ( Job Number: 182300 ) Are you currently a Lead Developer but looking to level up? At TCF, we don't have Lead Developers. Instead, we have Solution Architects, but we use them in a much more "hands-on" way than the role is traditionally defined. As a Solutions Architect for the Data CoE , you'll be expected to do much more than draw boxes and arrows. You'll be asked to help deliver our software all the way from inception to production, with a "full stack ownership" mindset. You'll work with a team of engineers to implement a suite of micro- services using current technologies like Kafka and Kubernetes, and you'll be considered a subject matter expert in those areas. About 50% of your time will be spent coding; some weeks more, some weeks less. This position is perfect for an experienced Lead Developer looking to embark on the next phase of their career. As an SA at TCF, you'll leverage all your technical know-how in a hands-on way, while at the same time developing new skills as you grow into the Solution Architect role. As you gain experience, you'll be expected to provide leadership on the design and architecture of new technical initiatives within the Data CoE. Major Areas of Accountability: Provide technical leadership in the analysis and review of existing or proposed system features and integration, security, scalability and performance requirements with users, business analysts, architects and team members; Bring a mentality of full-stack ownership to the team by demonstrating technical leadership skills with a hands-on approach, never being satisfied until the software is shipped to production with happy customers; Demonstrate superior technical problem-solving skills in both software implementation and delivery. Solve complex, critical problems related to significant and unique issues. Use extensive research and interpretative thinking. Utilize innovative methods in developing solutions; Drive team commitment to modern DevOps principles. Lead by example that DevOps is a team effort; Provide expert advice on complex system design issues and contribute to ongoing planning and development of systems enhancements; Identify and specify technical / functional requirements, resources and processes for a complex sub-system or major system modification required to meet user requirements; Creates prototype designs for complex/ significant-risk projects; Apply expert knowledge and broad understanding of multiple disciplines, and integrate expert knowledge of technical principles/methods of multiple disciplines with knowledge of products/services and internal operations. Supervisory Responsibilities Coach / mentor other team members as appropriate Minimum Qualifications: Education: Required: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or other technical field or equivalent work experience Preferred: Master’s degree in a related field Work Experience/Skills: Required: Subject matter expert on Kafka design patterns, particularly using the Kafka Streams API. You're comfortable working with the Streams DSL and you have working experience implementing stateful and stateless KSPs; Expertise with Event Sourcing patterns and CQRS; Expertise with modern microservices design principles, implemented in Dockerized containers inside a Kubernetes environment; Modern SDLC and CI/CD pipeline experience: Github, Sonarqube, Jenkins, etc.: Up-to-date with the latest Java technologies. You know how to use lambdas and the Java Streams API; A commitment to TDD and automated integration testing. Some experience with Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Apache Spark, Apache Storm, Ni-Fi, Hbase, etc. Experience with Functional Programming a huge plus: Scala, Clojure, Kotlin, or similar. Experience with the Actor Model a huge plus; Akka experience in particular. Comfortable working within a team practicing Agile principles. 10+ years of experience in software engineering 2+ years of experience in senior technical role such as technical lead or architect Preferred: Financial Services industry experience Why choose TCF? Established in 1923, TCF has maintained a strong foundation. TCF has over 340 branches in Minnesota, Illinois, Michigan, Colorado, Wisconsin, Indiana, Arizona and South Dakota, providing retail and commercial banking services. TCF also conducts commercial leasing, indirect auto finance, and equipment finance business in all 50 states, and commercial inventory finance business in all 50 states and Canada. Our Benefits TCF encourages open employee communications and promotes from within whenever possible. We offer competitive pay, a comprehensive benefits plan, and opportunities for career advancement. For more details on our benefits, click on the Employee Benefits link on our career page. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, or other status protected by applicable law. TCF is proud to be an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation. Primary Location : USA-Minnesota-Plymouth-Us-Mn-Plymouth- 1405 Xenium Lane N Work Locations : Us-Mn-Plymouth- 1405 Xenium Lane N 55441