Quality Analyst, Manual QA Who we are lululemon is a yoga-inspired technical apparel company up to big things. The practice and philosophy of yoga informs our overall purpose to elevate the world through the power of practice. We are proud to be a growing global company with locations all around the world, from Vancouver to Shanghai, and places in between. We owe our success to our innovative product, our emphasis on our stores, our commitment to our people, and the incredible connections we get to make in every community we are in. About this role As the Quality Analyst, you will work closely with the QA Lead/Manager to define the QA lifecycle for e-commerce projects performing test activities in all phases of test life cycle. Working with all stakeholders to ensure that the quality metrics are reviewed, closed and agreed upon for business development. You will be an integral member for the planning and scheduling several milestones tasks such as alpha and beta testing. Ensuring all development tasks meet quality criteria through test planning, test execution, quality assurance and issue tracking regularly. This position will work closely with the development team to ensure that the quality engineers get support like automation hooks or debug builds where ever and whenever possible. We have a great team that works together to achieve goals cross functionally and you will interface with development, configuration management, program management, project managers etc. Our team is always looking for feedback from peers and management when and wherever necessary. You will be empowered to request and participate in team meetings understand & review the current risks and motivate the team to resolve the same. Asset creation is something that lululemon values and we would like you to push yourself continuously to innovate, publish the improvements to all the stakeholders, and depict the improvements using data points. Documentation of processes and new learnings, writing white papers etc. and sharing with your peers, team and upper management will enable you with the possibility to move up within this growing organization in Seattle, WA. Requirements: Completed Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related technology field. Understanding of SDLC and testing web applications, iOS and Android applications. Exposure and understanding of modern integration tools and standards. Knowledge of Continuous Integration principles and best-practices. Knowledge of RESTful and SOAP web services, Object Oriented Programing understanding. Comfortable working in agile and waterfall methodologies. Exposure to bug tracking and task management software such as JIRA, Bugzilla, etc. NOTE: Only those applicants under consideration will be contacted. Please accept our utmost appreciation for your interest. lululemon is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Employment decisions are based on merit and business needs, and not on race, color, creed, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, military service, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions or any other classification protected by federal, state or provincial and local laws and ordinances. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This Equal Employment Opportunity policy applies to all practices relating to recruitment and hiring, compensation, benefits, discipline, transfer, termination and all other terms and conditions of employment. While management is primarily responsible for seeing that lululemon equal employment opportunity policies are implemented, you share in the responsibility for assuring that, by your personal actions, the policies are effective. Job : Information Technology Organization : Store Support Center Schedule : : Full-time Unposting Date : Ongoing