Data Privacy Analyst will support the privacy and records function for the Qurate group globally as part of the legal-privacy compliance team. In this role you will have significant interaction with legal, compliance, IT/InfoSec, and all corporate functions. Analyst will conduct data privacy and records reviews and audits for Qurate US and provide support for audits and communications of privacy practices and policies. The position is based QVC’s headquarters location in West Chest, PA Job Description Details Job Responsibilities Conduct initial assessment of Qurate US privacy reviews, quality check for errors and incomplete or inconsistent responses from the business or third parties, and complete low-risk privacy reviews Prepare initial forms of data privacy agreements, and ensure completed and fully-signed agreements are received and recorded; collect and organize due diligence and other records of data privacy and records activities that must be maintained by EU data privacy law and other applicable laws Provide support for higher risk privacy reviews and data protection impact assessments Research and monitor changes in privacy law and laws affecting records retention obligations. Conduct data privacy and records audits for Qurate US and provide support for remediation checkups from audits Assist in other projects in support of global data privacy and records program Required Qualifications Bachelor's degree 1 to 2 years' experience in data privacy or records management Familiarity with software, cloud solutions, and other technology that processes information, including personal information Ability to prioritize, manage multiple projects, and meet deadlines Excellent written and verbal communications skills Strong computer skills with customary business programs (e.g., Word, Outlook, Excel) Strong interpersonal skills Ability to travel domestically Legal Data Privacy & Records Analyst QVC, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Interactive Corporation (NASDAQ: QVCA, QVCB), is the world’s leading video and ecommerce retailer. QVC is committed to providing its customers with thousands of the most innovative and contemporary beauty, fashion, jewelry and home products. Its programming is distributed to approximately 300 million homes worldwide through operations in the U.S., Japan, Germany, United Kingdom, Italy and a joint venture in China. Based in West Chester, Pa. and founded in 1986, QVC has evolved from a TV shopping company to a leading ecommerce and mobile commerce retailer. The company’s website, QVC.com, is ranked among the top general merchant Internet sites. QVC, Q, and the Q Ribbon Logo are registered service marks of ER Marks, Inc. As an equal opportunity employer, QVC is committed to a diverse workforce and is also committed to a barrier-free employment process. In order to ensure reasonable accommodations for individuals pursuant to applicable law, individuals that require accommodation in the job application process for a posted position may contact us at CareersUS@QVC.com for assistance.