Program Description: We are a nonprofit that launches careers for military veterans and underserved young adults through consultancy positions with our client companies. We place individuals looking to launch their careers in a minimum of nine month engagements where they learn and grow with our client. Our consultants are provided with a mentor to ensure they are maturing and becoming successful, professional employees. After a candidate applies, WOS will work to match that candidate's skill set with the requirements of a current, or future, position. We then work on the candidate's behalf to place them with one of our partners as a consultant. After the consultancy period (consultancy period varies for each consult, but averages between 9-12 months), the intent is for consultants to be hired away by the client company. At that point your tenure with WOS is complete and you are a fully integrated employee. All of our positions are full-time, entry level opportunities. Individuals will receive an hourly wage in addition to our benefits package. Think of this as a test-drive situation. Throughout the consultancy period you will make an hourly wage, but if you work hard and actively work on bettering yourself, you will transition into a full time employee with the client at a much more competitive salary. Candidate Profile: Military Veteran-honorably discharged or currently serving in the National Guard / Reserve OR Experience/Training (any of the following) Associate or Bachelor degree in Computer Science Associate or Bachelor degree in Business Administration (concentration in Technology Management) Military experience in Technology/Computer Science Availability to work full-time Project Coordinator Responsibilities: Develop the project plan to include prioritizing all tasks and activities contained in the plan Publicize the project plan and activities with the project team Track project activities against the project plan Notify the project team members using project agendas, upcoming meetings and subsequent minutes of the meeting Provide day-to-day administrative and functional direction to teams to ensure project milestones are achieved Monitor compliance with system development standards Ensure issues are captured, tracked and resolved in a timely fashion Responsible for all matters relating to the coordination of the project tasks in the project plan Support the project team by utilizing the necessary project systems and tools Develop the necessary project reports and communications Ensures quality through the use of company-approved methodologies Keeps informed of technical and managerial advances in IT, including leading the introduction of best practices Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or a related field experience Demonstrated leadership capabilities through projects or other work planning experiences Good to thorough understanding of and experience in IT project management methodologies, requirements management, quality assurance and IT processes Demonstrated experience working with outsourced vendors (on and off shore) within the information technology field Ability to manage projects from inception to successful implementation Strong to excellent oral and written communication skills Good to strong facilitation skills Strong judgment and management skills Strong analytical ability Good to excellent leadership, technical teamwork and interpersonal skills Ability to foster working relationships with the team, IT Management and Client departments Good understanding of technology platforms and ability to explain technical concepts to the business users in the context of business requirements Ability to define performance and scalability attributes, constraints, and other nonfunctional requirements Candidate must have a valid driver's license and be willing to travel within the state Business Analyst: Responsibilities: Responsible for the full data life cycle from business requirements analysis and data feed definition, to data mapping and testing. Monitor project costs Research projects and prepare correcting entries, as necessary Prepare project cost accruals Work with Finance users to organize, analyze and document business requirements. Responsible for gathering and documenting functional requirements, producing detailed functional specification. Leverage the knowledge of functional requirements to assist with user interface design and wireframe documentation and review. Develop use cases and execute test cases. Work with build and component testing staff to ensure deliverables meet business requirements. Contribute to development of best practices for the identification, collection, consolidation, validation, tracking and reporting of data. Oversee development of data definitions, helping to analyzing data sets for data anomalies and/or to verify data quality and content, and producing data quality. Oversees the integration of data transformation in the overall architecture. Recommend and develop if necessary, new methodologies for supporting information management security and compliance requirements as it relates to data management. Work with business partners to help identify, analyze and resolve data errors and inconsistencies. Understand high-level database architectures and work with data analysts and architects to ensure database designs are consistent with information architecture and information management and industry standards. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or a related field experience, 1-3 years experience in Business/Data Analysis. Experience with standard business modeling techniques, such as cross-functional process flows, use cases, wireframes, and UML Functional understanding of data modeling and relational database design concepts Excellent written and verbal communication skills and demonstrated ability to interact with all technical and non-technical members of the organization including senior management Able to multi-task with ease including a demonstrated track record of delivering multiple concurrent complex technical projects on time Experience working within a database environment Strong analytical and problem solving skills excellent documentation and presentation skills Strong to excellent oral and written communication skills Proficient in Microsoft Office, Visio, and Project Duration: Full Time Salary $20.00/Hour (Plus benefits) Location Greater New York Area About WOS Founded in 2005, Workforce Opportunity Services (WOS) is a leading 501(c)(3) nonprofit committed to developing the skills of untapped talent from underserved and veteran communities through partnerships with organizations dedicated to diversifying their workforce. Utilizing a scientifically-based model derived from research conducted at Columbia University, we recruit, educate, train, and place high-potential candidates with leading organizations around the world. To date, WOS has served 3,800+ individuals through partnerships with more than 60 corporations in 40+ locations worldwide. For more information, visit wforce.org.