The Senior Data Analyst responsible for defining and structuring the problem space by performing complete and thorough analysis of issues and opportunities related to data collected and stored in the Enterprise data stores – Operational Data Stores (ODS), Local Transactional Stores (LTS), Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW), and Data Marts (DM). The Senior Data Analyst is involved in the systems analysis, data modeling, data profiling, data governance, and data mapping (for the purpose of on-going operational data integration or a onetime data migration or conversion). Qualifications Minimum Education: Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Business with an emphasis in Management Information Technology. However, upon evaluation, equivalent related experience and/or education may be substituted for the degree requirement. Minimum Experience: Minimum of 6 years of IT experience in the development or analysis roles. Minimum of 3 years of Data Analysis & Modeling experience. Key Knowledge: Proficiency in Data Analysis and Data Modeling of OLTP and/or OLAP systems using ERD and/or UML modeling techniques. Proficiency in using PowerDesigner (preferred) or other modeling tools. Experience in SQL, Transact SQL, PL/SQL development. Key Skills: Strong business acumen and awareness of business requirements determining database design. The ability to understand data relationships - experience in data modeling of OLTP and/or Data Warehousing systems using ERD and/or UML modeling techniques. Working knowledge of PowerDesigner or other modeling tools. Must have an analytical and precise, detailed oriented, mindset as well as demonstrate sound judgment and reasoning skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Ability to effectively and professionally communicate with management, staff and customers. Solid programming skills and experience in SQL, Transact SQL, or PL/SQL development. The ability to proactively understand and manage end user/customer expectations. Strong ability to assess complex situations, set priorities and implement action plans to meet deadlines. Strong organization skills and ability to work independently as well as collaborate on a team. A sense of ownership and responsibility when taking on assignments and a "can do" attitude. Primary Location: US-MN-Minneapolis Work Locations: Minneapolis, MN - Coordinating Center 500 N 5th Street Minneapolis 55401 Job: Information Technology Organization: NMDP Schedule: Regular Shift: Standard Employee Status: Individual Contributor Job Type: Full-time Job Level: Day Job Travel: No