Empower customers to get the most value from our solution. SigOpt’s API is seamless to integrate into any workflow, but also includes powerful advanced features that can maximize our solution’s impact for our customers. We are hiring experts to join a Machine Learning Services team dedicated to advising, consulting, and collaborating with some of the leading companies in the world to get the most out of our product. This role is perfect for the expert capable of interpreting abstract machine learning and deep learning concepts and driven to put them into practice to solve real-world problems. You are expected to stay on top of the latest research and help leading global companies apply these insights to their biggest challenges. . You’ll also be the tip of the product roadmap spear, identifying new innovation that will take SigOpt to the next level. If you enjoy applying advanced optimization techniques to a variety of problems that cut across industries and model types, this is the job for you. You will Support the Sales and Sales Engineering teams, as an ML subject matter expert, to drive customer adoption of our solution Support both the Customer Success team and our customers as an ML subject matter expert to maximize the impact of our solution on their models Technically empower customers by giving them the tools - whether API wrappers, code snippets, or integration documentation - required to integrate SigOpt into their model development and production stack Advocate for and assist customers in the adoption of the most advanced, cutting-edge optimization features that will maximize the impact of their machine learning Be an expert on the latest machine learning techniques, methods, and research, and how each of them applies to enterprise use cases Draw on this expertise and knowledge of customer problems to inform the product roadmap that drives innovation in our solution Translate your ML work into use cases, blog posts, and other collateral by working directly with the marketing team Extend far beyond this list - we’re a startup, so your responsibilities will evolve with your skills and interests, and with the company’s needs as we grow You are Endowed with a customer-first mindset Expert in prototyping traditional ML (GBMs, scikit, etc.) and AI frameworks (keras, tensorflow, mxnet, pytorch, etc.) for a variety of applications A clear and concise communicator, whether written or spoken Trained in a technical field with a B.S. degree in Computer Science, Math, Machine Learning, or similar field Able to travel to conferences up to 25% of time (domestic and international) Better performing when you have latitude to own and build something You are exceptional if you have Experience developing and deploying models, ideally in an enterprise setting An Advanced Degree in Computer Science, Math, Machine Learning, or similar field Strong entrepreneurial credentials, either working at startups or ownership of initiatives at a larger organization Published or presented at an ML conference, or ability and desire to do so Passion for solving real world problems using machine learning A desire to make the world a more optimal place