Responsible for assisting management in the development and implementation of Network policies and procedures, monitoring and reporting, and communicating virtual threats as realized with the protection of customer information and corporate assets through vigilant security administration of bank security systems. RESPONSIBILITIES Manages the maintenance of systems to protect data from unauthorized users. Safeguard customer information and Corporate and Information Assets from misuse and abuse from internal and external threats Identifies, reports, and resolves security violations Quickly evaluate the impact of system errors or failures, organize and prioritize corrective action and work through all problems to an acceptable solution Use knowledge of information security standards and best practices to assist management in the creation of persuasive policy and procedures and to influence Bank culture Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices, and procedures Function as a front line representative of Corporate Security Administration leading by example, being diplomatic yet firm, fair, flexible and consistent in deploying industry standard information, security best practices and applicable banking laws and regulations Act as a stakeholder for projects involving Corporate Security and skillfully communicate industry standard best practices within WCB; proactively and regularly share information and knowledge with Corporate Security management & Security Consortium Perform and assess risk to Bank information assets and systems Establish, monitor and review mission critical daily, monthly, quarterly, semi and annual Network reports Represent Corporate Security in providing solutions related to specific projects and procedures Regularly work with Network Administration to evaluate network security and adherence to corporate standards Regularly evaluate user and group accounts Other duties as assigned/needed All employees are responsible for internal controls in the performance of their assigned duties. Internal Control responsibilities are established in various policies, procedures, and documents, including the Code of Conduct. MINIMUM JOB REQUIREMENTS B.A/Computer Sciences degree from an accredited college preferred (ISC) 2 Certified Information Security Systems Professional (CISSP) preferred but not required 3+ years' experience in information security role or recent Computer Science college graduate Strong background in security administration, including demonstrated ability to establish policies and standards Strong verbal, written communications and task management skills. Background in technical writing desired Strong analytical and problem resolution skills, ability to react quickly to situations caused by system errors or failures Software skills: MS Windows Professional, IDS Penetration & Intrusion testing, Microsoft Office including VB, SourceSafe and SQL. Able to be on call 24-hours for designated shift Strong knowledge of banking regulations and the ability to perform risk assessments Demonstrated knowledge of project management principles Valid State driver's license, acceptable driving record and ability to meet company driving requirements Ability to meet bonding requirements for employment purposes OUR CORE BEHAVIORS Be Genuine. Conduct yourself in a consistent, honest and compassionate manner at all times. Work Ethic. Be willing to go the extra mile for the customer, whether internal or external. Influence. Be an active player in participating, building and contributing to service. Continuous Learning. Commit to gaining knowledge, skills and experience on an ongoing basis in order to better serve the customer, increase personal satisfaction and improve Columbia Bank. Team Play. We win together. Individuality is encouraged to advance and enrich the work of the team. Problem Solving. Bring creative, problem-solving mentality to every situation. See alternatives, take initiative and assume responsibility for your actions. Communication. Keep others informed and up-to-date. Actively listen and learn from each other. Have a Sense of Community. We firmly believe that we're only as strong as the communities we serve. Your involvement is an important part of who we are. PHYSICAL AND MENTAL REQUIREMENTS Ability to sit at a computer monitor for extended periods of time Ability to perform repetitive finger, hand, and arm movements Ability to lift up to 15lbs. Ability to effectively discern information and formulate appropriate action Ability to reach, squat, bend, and manually manipulate standard office equipment Ability to drive to various locations Ability to think critically and provide appropriate solutions Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled