Hiring for two positions Job Description Temporary Technical Support Specialist Intern Reports to: Technology Support Supervisor Supervises: None Work Period: 6 - 12 Months Unit/Classification: Temporary/Hourly Employee Primary Purpose: This position’s responsibilities are to provide a full range of support to users on PC desktop and laptop computer software and hardware in a networked environment. Works with the 1 to 1 laptop program at the middle school/high school level, working in the tech room. Essential Job Duties: Configures, installs, troubleshoots, tests, and maintains PC desktop computer software and hardware in a networked environment. Provides assistance to students for issues with their laptops and to other school staff as needed. Qualifications: Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Must demonstrate a successful level of knowledge, skills and abilities listed below: Knowledge of Windows 10, Microsoft Office 2016 Knowledge of computer installation, imaging, maintenance and software support to perform computer troubleshooting. Ability to work through others to achieve goals. Ability to articulate technical information to non-technical audiences. Ability to install and troubleshoot software programs. Ability to learn new operations, procedures, processes and use of new equipment. Ability to organize, set priorities, and work effectively under pressure. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with school and departmental staff. Education and Experience Working towards an IT-related degree in computer science or related engineering fields, or having recently completed an college IT program and looking for work experience. Licensing and Certifications: Working Towards: A+ Requirements: Have a current driver’s license A vehicle for traveling between schools Evaluation: Evaluation responsibilities are assigned to the Technology Support Lead. The statements contained herein reflect the general details as necessary to describe The principal functions of the job, the level of knowledge and skill typically required and the scope of responsibility, but should not be considered an all inclusive listing of work requirements. Individuals may perform other duties as assigned including work in other functional areas to cover absences or relief, to equalize peak work periods or otherwise balance the workload. EEO Category: Temporary/Hourly FLSA Status: Temporary Hourly