Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the world's best entertainment and online experiences. As a Fortune 50 leader, we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines. We are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace, thanks to our remarkable people, who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day. If you share in our passion for teamwork, our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology, we want you to fast-forward your career at Comcast. With "2M customers and $5B in annual revenue, Comcast Business is one of the largest and fastest growing departments within Comcast. The Business Data & Intelligence team (BDI) is tasked with meeting the reporting and data needs of Comcast Business. This includes working with multiple organizations like Customer Operations, Retention, Marketing, Finance and Sales to provide data, reporting, research and analysis to help drive the business and maximize performance.This Senior Analyst position will be responsible for building and operating reports to meet the needs of these organizations. Day to day activities will include report development and operation and working with end users to validate data and gather requirements as well as researching issues/anomalies with data, systems and processes. This individual will be part of a larger Business Intelligence organization that includes developers, project managers and other analysts.Summary- Responsible for contributing in one or more areas of expertise in collaboration with various crossfunctional project teams.- Exercises in-depth knowledge of engineering skills and methodology.- Applies long-term objectives and plans related to the company's technical vision to daily activity.- Applies innovative solutions for engineering developmental problems that are competitive with- industry and company standards with little direction.- Has in-depth experience, knowledge and skills in own discipline.- Usually determines own work priorities.- Acts as a resource for colleagues with less experience.- Exercises in-depth knowledge of advanced SQL, ETL, Tableau development.Core Responsibilities- Creates system architecture, design, and specification within engineering projects and initiatives.- Uses in-depth engineering skills and knowledge to solve difficult development problems and achieve engineering goals.- Strives to achieve Company business objectives and engineering objectives in daily activity.- Documents results of applied work processes and practical application of technical standards. Reports results to management. Recommends innovative solutions.- Utilizes resources to solve moderate development problems and recommends new resources to management.- Sets the tone and pace for work performance within project groups and impressionable Engineering staff.- Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance.- Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work nights and weekends, variable schedule(s) as necessary.- Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.- Build and execute daily, weekly, monthly recurring and ad-hoc reports that span multiple areas of the organization including Customer Operations, Sales Operations, Marketing, Finance, Retention, Care, Tech Ops, and Legal. Ensure reports meet business needs.- Deliver reports to management in HQ, Corporate, and the field. Be able to speak to the data, metrics, and calculations of developed and assigned reports. Be able to identify potential issues, behavior trends, process gaps and make recommendations based on the data.- Assist management in identifying and delivering new reporting capabilities. Able to take reporting asks from idea to implementation. Recommend innovative solutions.- Utilize SQL and SQL Server databases, Tableau, Excel and other reporting software to design and generate reports as requested. Implement report automation when applicable. Develop distribution protocol for requested information.- Utilize Agile development methodology and JIRA ticketing tool to manage incoming requests, scope, and balance workload.- Deconstruct technical concepts and metrics to reverse engineer existing procedures. Be able to communicate technical concepts in laymen's terms to stakeholders.- Document results of reporting procedures, requirements, and reports in a highly organized fashion both with internal collaborators and external stakeholders.- Work with end users and stakeholders to understand data, systems, and procedures. Turn these interactions into actionable requests.- Improve efficiency, productivity, and customer satisfaction. Surface recurring problems with report processes, policies, or procedures and suggest ways to resolve problems to better serve customers and/or to improve productivity.- Represent Comcast in a professional and positive manner in all situations.- Communicate effectively with individuals and teams to ensure high quality and timely completion of projects. Build relationships with management to ensure reporting needs are being met.Education Level-Bachelors Degree or EquivalentField of Study- Engineering, Computer Science, MathematicsYears Experience-Generally requires 5-8 years related experienceCompliance Comcast is an EEO/AA/Drug Free Workplace.Disclaimer The above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications. Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer