Do you geek out on new technology? Are you a techie like Elliott on Mr. Robot? Then come to this very prolific media broadcasting company and help create and deliver content so compelling it entertains, informs, and shapes the world! From The Office to the Kardashians, the Minions, SNL, & the Olympics, they produce a diverse portfolio of entertainment to a global audience. These are the wizards who innovate and bring our content to life in media and in world- renowned theme parks! As the gears of company, the Engineering department is responsible for leading the design, implementation & support of all technology, software and infrastructure for Global Media Operations and Production Operations, while ensuring reliable content delivery and origination. Transform existing bodies of technical data into usable models within a new configuration data database. This configuration data is essential to the operation of on-air systems that leverage the latest technologies in Broadcast Engineering: Video over IP, virtualization, Master Control automation systems, non-linear editing, and Internet distribution. Use that first-hand experience to contribute to improvements of the platform’s various user interfaces. The ideal candidate is highly technical, likes the challenge of solving problems, is creative with processing data, and is interested in “tip-of-the- spear” and “first-of-a-kind” technology and strategic projects. Required Skills & Experience Familiarity with scripting, software development, programming. Python, JavaScript are ideal. Strong confidence with Microsoft Excel, comfort with other Microsoft Office software Working knowledge of IP networking concepts Strong attention to detail and appreciation for accurate documentation Strong verbal and written communication skills Self-motivated; an independent worker who also performs well in a collaborative environment Positive and professional attitude Willingness to learn and embrace new technology Desired Skills & Experience Bachelor's degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, or Engineering helpful, but not necessary Experience with AutoCAD and Visio helpful Familiarity with baseband video signal flow, standards, and common video infrastructure Ability to handle a multi-project work environment and manage time accordingly What You Will Be Doing Daily Responsibilities Work with engineering and operational partners to collect and understand data, as well as drive project priorities Understanding conceptual and signal flow diagrams Manage existing documentation, ensuring changes to systems are correctly captured and documented Interface on a technical level with colleagues to understand design choices, workflows, configurations, etc. The Offer $35/hour Contract Duration: 6 – 12 Months You will receive the following benefits: Medical Insurance & Health Savings Account (HSA) 401(k) Paid Sick Time Leave Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. Workbridge Associates, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across 11 major North American markets. Our unique expertise in today’s highest demand tech skill sets, paired with our deep networks and knowledge of our local technology markets, results in an exemplary track record with candidates and clients.