Under general supervision, formulates and defines systems scope and objectives through research and fact-finding combined with an understanding of applicable business systems and industry requirements. With this knowledge, designs or updates moderately complex information systems which include analysis of business and user needs, documenting requirements, and revising existing system logic difficulties as necessary. Competent to work in some phases of systems analysis and considers the business implications of the application of technology to the current business environment. The ideal candidate will have experience using analytical skills to seek out, research and evaluate a variety of options to provide clients with high quality, efficient business processes and solutions that promote efficiency and enterprise-wide standardization. Must demonstrate the ability to mediate and bridge the relationship between technical and business stakeholders without compromising the needs of the solution users and the strategic goals of the organization. PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Shares knowledge of one or more applications’ capabilities and features for users, owners, and administrators of solutions. Keeps abreast of new Tools & Technology and functionalities across the application(s). Plans, designs and recommends business processes to improve and support business activities. Assists with developing the methods and procedures required to identify whether current business goals and objectives meet organizational needs. Facilitates meetings with clients to gather and document requirements and explore potential solutions. Analyzes and documents client's business requirements and processes and communicates these requirements by constructing conceptual data and process models, including data dictionaries and volume estimates from organization. Collaborates with work teams, departments, system leadership, staff, other IT groups, and technology vendors to define needs and facilitate solutions. Provides input into developing and modifying systems to meet client needs and develops business specifications to support these modifications. Assists more senior team members in creating test scenarios and test plans to be used in testing the business applications in order to verify that client requirements are incorporated in to the system design. Assists in analyzing testing results throughout the project. Participates in technical reviews and inspections to verify 'intent of change' is carried out through the entire project. Assists in coordinating business analyst tasks on information technology projects, problem tickets and provide support to other team members. Provides support, escalation response to production problem issues/errors. Assists in providing time estimates for project related tasks. Assists senior team members in conducting conference room pilots and demonstrations. Demonstrate solutions to client in a workshop setting. Occasionally trains end users Ensure proper documentation and on-time delivery of all functional artifacts and deliverables. EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: Associate’s Degree/2 years of college required; Bachelor’s Degree preferred. Three (3) years of applicable work experience required; Preferred technical experience includes strong knowledge of state-of-the-art software engineering approaches in design, build, test, debugging problems, and ongoing technical support, and ability to articulate examples of workflows and processes associated with that experience. 1 year of Clinical support background and/or clinical practice experience working with device integration products (Philips IBE, GE Carescape, NantHealth DeviceConx, etc.). Experience working with 3rd party middleware products with a focus on ensuring data transmissions between patient monitor devices and our Electronic Health Record (Epic). Exceptional clinical business analysis skills within a health care environment is a plus. Project management knowledge. Highly adept at working within both clinical and administrative team constructs. Demonstrated experience in above with recommendation of at least 3 years of experience in advanced delivery and support role. Able to own issues and work with business users and vendors in support of these issues Preferred experience with Clinical applications. Experience/exposure to the Business Analysis Body of Knowledge (BABOK), certification preferred. Experience with the System Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Experience documenting business requirements. Excellent communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills. Proven ability to work independently and as a team member. Ability to be flexible and work analytically in a problem-solving environment. Good organizational, multi-tasking, and time-management skills. Experience in application programming or application support preferred. Overview Henry Ford Health System, one of the largest and most comprehensive integrated U.S. health care systems, is a national leader in clinical care, research and education. The system includes the 1,200-member Henry Ford Medical Group, five hospitals, Health Alliance Plan (a health insurance and wellness company), Henry Ford Physician Network, a 150-site ambulatory network and many other health-related entities throughout southeast Michigan, providing a full continuum of care. In 2015, Henry Ford provided $299 million in uncompensated care. The health system also is a major economic driver in Michigan and employs more than 24,600 employees. Henry Ford is a 2011Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award recipient. The health system is led by President and CEO Wright Lassiter III. To learn more, visit HenryFord.com. Benefits Whether it's offering a new medical option, helping you make healthier lifestyle choices or making the employee enrollment selection experience easier, it's all about choice. Henry Ford Health System has a new approach for its employee benefits program - My Choice Rewards. My Choice Rewards is a program as diverse as the people it serves. There are dozens of options for all of our employees including compensation, benefits, work/life balance and learning - options that enhance your career and add value to your personal life. As an employee you are provided access to Retirement Programs, an Employee Assistance Program (Henry Ford Enhanced), Tuition Reimbursement, Paid Time Off, Employee Health and Wellness and access to day care services at Bright Horizons Midtown Detroit, and a whole host of other benefits and services. Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer Henry Ford Health System is committed to the hiring, advancement and fair treatment of all individuals without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, size, height, weight, marital status, family status, gender identity, sexual orientation, and genetic information, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable federal and state laws.