JOB SUMMARY The primary purpose of this position is to provide ownership of all reporting data. Ensuring the accurate ingesting and transformation of data into and amongst reporting databases. Working with other IT personnel, adhere to all data retention policies, providing information to decisions makers across the organization. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES 1\. Data Engineering & Transformation Responsible for design, development, and implementation of database applications and solutions for managing and integrating data between operational systems, data repositories, and reporting and analytical applications. This includes but is not limited to ETL, stored procedures, views, and functions. Continuously improve performance of source code using industry standard methodologies. Understand data model, data integration, and primary data sources in order to analyze results and identify key drivers of business performance. Identify, analyze, debug, and remedy issues with data pipelines. Create and propose technical design documentation which includes current and future functionality, database objects affected, specifications, and flows/diagrams to detail the proposed database and/or data integration implementation. Ability to self-learn a data integration tool/platform to potentially migrate existing code over. Works with diverse technologies including the integration between multi-tier platforms and systems to design and prepare detailed specifications and procedures, build (code), and implement automated solutions for new and existing systems. Work closely with other engineers to integrate databases with other applications Knowledge of integrating large volume data from internal and external systems. 2. Data Analysis & Reporting Collaborates with stakeholders and development team members to achieve business results. Experience with various ETL, metadata and reporting tools. Oversee business process reporting (production reports) to specific business units and functional teams within the organization, ensuring accuracy and effectiveness of reports.Create and update production and ad hoc reports as needed. Work with other departments to ensure accurate reporting of financial metrics. Lead the development of reporting for the bank. Maintain models for tracking financial and operational trends. Expierence constructing and performing complex database search queries. Ability to work well with people from different disciplines with varying degrees of technical experience. Ability to provide and extend alternative solutions when running into issues. Train and assist team members on the reports and tools available to them. 3\. Team Leadership Direct the Data team in day to day activities. Lead MCB Data Governance Committee. Maintain metrics and report to the appropriate committee's, Board of Directors, Regulators and other parties as needed. Assess team members to leverage skills and identifies opportunities for improvement. JOB REQUIREMENTS Education- Required: Bachelor's degree or equivalent. Preferred: Master's degree or equivalent (MBA, MIS ,Etc) Experience- 6+ years of experience in the financial industry with data reporting and analysis as well as management decisioning tools.