Internal/External Job Description: The Commercial Deal Architect will engage throughout the lifecycle of assigned opportunities. This will includes during sales and in-life processes and at both the strategic and operational levels. The candidate should be comfortable working in a cross functional manner across a number of business functions including Sales Operations, Finance, Product Management, Legal & Contract Management, Marketing, Sales, Engineering, Pricing and Bid Management etc. Responsibilities: Commercial lead for complex sales opportunities. Working with account manager, sales engineer and bid team to develop the opportunity commercial strategy and deal shape. Customer facing to assess customer commercial/contractual requirements and the commercial flexibility required to win the opportunity. Manage internal processes and the stakeholder groups to develop complex deal commercial construct. Lead the communication and management of the business authorizations process. Deal pricing and profitability responsibility - comprising of financial analysis, including cash flow modelling, profit/loss, Capex/Opex analysis, etc. (where required and in conjunction with Finance). Ensure all stakeholder organizations have approved offers provided to customers and any negotiated terms of contract. The CDA must develop a good working knowledge of customer needs combined with strong market and product knowledge to be able to influence and shape the development of the commercial constructs. Single point of contact with internal departments (e.g. Sales, Engineering, Legal, Product, Finance), including any internal business case creation/submission, required to produce finished bid/RFP responses and subsequent contractual documentation. Contribution to pricing tools owned by Commercial teams (inc. Excel development). Coordinate the planning and deployment of the contract negotiation process. Act as a communications channel between the business and the customer (where required) to aid effective contract negotiations. Attend contract negotiation meetings (internal and customer, where required) to facilitate effective closure of planned activities. Skill/Experience: Working knowledge of Enterprise-based international telecoms products e.g. data services (network and managed services); familiarity with Unified communications and collaboration(UCC) services, Managed Hosting, Cloud Computing, Video Conferencing, and Global SIP. Advanced Excel usage and MS office suite of products. Understanding of financial terms & ability to create Margin statements on complex opportunities with required financial analysis. An understanding of bid management tools and techniques, and how to lead virtual teams efficiently through complex bid processes. The ability to define, articulate and negotiate within the context of internal and/or customer business strategy. To understand complex commercial matters, such as contract law, copyright laws and compliance requirements & commercial evaluation of non-standard SLA requirements Excellent written and verbal communication skills Good interpersonal & team skills and proven leadership skills Candidate is expected to have 4-7 years of experience with 1-3 years of work in an equivalent Commercial Management or similar role Education: Bachelor’s Degree in related field e.g. Finance, Telecommunications, Business Administration) MBA, preferred