Our new IT Desktop Support Administrator will participate in the day-to-day support and administration of all company desktop and laptop computers. You will troubleshoot and maintain Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows systems, troubleshoot and maintain end user software applications and participate in onboarding new employees. The ideal candidate will also serve as a general technical resource assisting with a variety of projects. Who we are Since 2006, 23andMe’s mission has been to help people access, understand, and benefit from the human genome. We are a group of passionate individuals pushing the boundaries of what’s possible to help turn genetic insight into better health and personal understanding. Who you are You’ll bring a strong customer focus, with a passion to help people get their work done. You will need to communicate clearly to both technical and non- technical end users. We are a fast paced environment, which gives a lot of independence to employees. You will need to manage your work and effectively coordinate with others, updating our ticket system. What you’ll do Acting as main point of contact for IT related issues In a Mac OS and Microsoft Windows environment Provide technical assistance and support to end users Assist with setup of internal company meetings New Hire setups, including computer build, desk setups and trainings Maintain IT ticketing queue. Closing tickets within the company SLA Participating in the IT Helpdesk, provide technical assistance and support to end users What you’ll bring Ability to quickly identify IT related issues and know where to look when you don't know the answer Power-user level experience on OSX and Microsoft Windows Experience using Google Apps (G-Suite) and Microsoft Office Demonstrated ability to manage a interrupt driven workload The ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment Ability to communicate clearly to both technical and non-technical end users Strong customer service skills Experience with a ticketing system Familiarity with Windows Active Directory Familiarity with centralized client management systems Experienced in supporting printers and copiers in a corporate environment Experience with configuring clients to access network storage Experience supporting both Android and iOS devices Preferred Experience configuring JAMF Casper Suite (client management framework) Experience configuring Microsoft SCCM Working knowledge of Network Appliances (netapp filers) Basic experience with BASH, PowerShell, Python or other scripting language Basic knowledge of Linux/Unix systems Virtualization (VMWare, AWS, OpenVZ) Working knowledge of IP telephone systems Experience in the technologies we use is helpful but not required - Microsoft Active Directory, JAMF Casper Suite (client management framework), Microsoft Windows SCCM, Our services are deployed in a hybrid cloud environment running on AWS, VMware, and OpenVZ on CentOS servers. We use Network Appliance Filers (both physical and AWS). Management tools are written in Python, BASH and PowerShell About Us 23andMe, Inc. is the leading consumer genetics and research company. Our mission is to help people access, understand and benefit from the human genome. The company was named by MIT Technology Review to its “50 Smartest Companies, 2017” list, and named one of Fast Company’s “25 Brands That Matter Now, 2017”. 23andMe has over 5 million customers worldwide, with ~85 percent of customers consented to participate in research. 23andMe is located in Mountain View, CA. More information is available at www.23andMe.com ( https://www.23andme.com/ ). At 23andMe, we value a diverse, inclusive workforce and we provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to an individual’s race, color, sex, gender identity, gender expression, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you are unable to submit your application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at accommodations-ext@23andme.com ( accommodations- ext@23andme.com ). 23andMe will reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities to the extent required by applicable law. Please note: 23andMe does not accept agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Thank you.