Job Description Position Overview/Description: GDIA IT is looking for a Product Manager to drive business value through our Internet of Things (IoT) delivery and to represent GDIA point of view as part of a cross functional IoT product team. This position will require you to play a key role in guiding our corporate IoT strategy with respect to infrastructure, streaming, transformation and storage of data as part of the operating platform to enable analytics. This position requires a detail oriented person who is comfortable working in a highly collaborative environment, and embraces lean and agile practices in a Product Based organization. Responsibilities: Interface with Business IT and business owners to prioritize improvement efforts They will manage and drive product backlogs and work on completing Minimum Viable Products (MVPs) that can be used to rapidly evaluate technical solutions. Must drive the AI/ML strategy and delivery, which will bring many key strategic capabilities required for Ford's transformation and enable advanced analytic technologies in the big data space that will lead to improved quality, design, marketing, and development of our current and future products. Responsible for the delivery of Machine Learning/Artificial strategy + capabilities, connected vehicle analytic products and mobility. Job Requirements: Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree 5+ years of experience developing IoT strategy 6+ years of experience as a Product Manager in a Manufacturing environment Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of the IT Operating Model / IT Service Management Highly motivated with the ability to work with minimal direction Demonstrated strengths in organization, problem solving, eliciting details and follow-up Proven track record of adaptability and flexibility in meeting milestones and deadlines Strong customer advocacy with a desire to deliver outstanding products and services Excellent verbal and written communication Demonstrated capability to build and maintain good business relationships Desire to be a part of developing Ford's IoT strategy. Strong analytical skills The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team, you discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.