Benjamin Franklin (18052), United States of America, Wilmington, Delaware At Capital One, we’re building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding. Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good. Software Engineer, Full Stack We’re Capital One. Yep, the “What’s in your wallet?” people. But we are oh so much more than that. Did you know we’re a full service bank? Checking accounts, savings accounts, mortgages, and car loans. We could tell you more, but you’re going to check out our web site anyway, right? Here are some of our favorites: https://youtu.be/YWHZOx0YTc0 https://developer.capitalone.com Capital One has a history of disrupting, and we are doing it again. We’re experimenting, innovating, and delivering really cool stuff to 65 million customers. We love to be curious, to dream, to ask, “What if?” Oh, and we love to write code. Your commitment to learn new things is every bit as important to us as what you have already done. Maybe even more so because we don’t want to be doing the same thing tomorrow that we’re doing today. You accept change, want to grow, and evolve into a better member of the team. What will you work on as a Capital One Software Engineer? Buzz buzz buzz. Customer-facing web and mobile applications, to highly-available, highly- scalable micro-services, to back-end systems with sophisticated data pipelines. All on the cloud! You will drive design, implementation, testing, release (buzz buzz DevOps) in an Agile environment, using modern methodologies, and open source tools. Whether a new feature or a bug fix, you will lead your work and deliver the most elegant and scalable solutions, all while learning and growing your skills. Most importantly, you’ll work and collaborate with a nimble, autonomous, cross-functional team of makers, breakers, doers, and disruptors who, love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs. The person we're looking for: got a wee bit excited about what they read above has a sense of intellectual curiosity and an addiction to learning is self-driven, actively looks for ways to contribute, and knows how to get things done is deliriously customer-focused values data and truth over ego has a strong sense of engineering craftsmanship, takes pride in the code they write believes that good software development includes good testing, documentation, and collaboration has good communication and reasoning skills, including the ability to make a strong case for technology choices What the search engines are looking for to help you find this job, as well as the type of environment, technologies, and languages that we work in: Agile, DevOps, AWS (Amazon Web Services), Docker, micro services, Go, Java, Scala, Clojure, C Basic Qualifications: At least 3 years of experience in software development At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.