Don't get stuck in neutral, rev up your career with Plasman Group. Do you have what it takes to impact major global auto manufacturers? For the Plasman Group and our 2800+ team members, it's all in a day's work. We operate 16 highly automated manufacturing sites and dedicated engineering and sales locations across North America. Located in the USA and Mexico, Thermotech, an industry-leading division of Plasman Group, has been at the forefront of plastics molding since 1949. Our team members don't just shape plastic, they shape the industry. In joining Thermotech, you'll find yourself at the heart of a dynamic, results-driven company. Shaping excellence in everything we do, from research to design, planning to assembly, we tackle new challenges and face them together. So what's shaping your career? If you're ready to join a pioneer in the industry that's always looking to the future, Thermotech wants to hear from you. We are presently looking for a new member to join our Thermotech Plant team as: QUALITY MANAGER Our ideal candidate is a self-motivated team player with good communication skills and would be responsible for, but not limited to, the following: Formulates and maintains quality objectives complementary to corporate policies and goals Interprets quality philosophy to key personnel in organization Develops and initiates standards and methods for inspection, testing and evaluation Ensures facility conformance with TS 16949 and ISO 14000 requirements along with all other adopted quality systems Plans and oversees the analysis, inspection, design, test and/or integration to assure the quality of assigned product or component. Performs quality engineering reviews of design documentation for compliance with stated requirements, including vendor quality manuals and company quality records Decides whether to accept or reject product supplied by vendors based on a review by the quality assurance engineer and support of the Supplier Quality Assurance Manager (Corporate Level). Reviews all data obtained during all quality control and quality assurance activities to ensure consistency with company policies and procedures Develop new and where applicable utilizes current approaches to solve problems identified during quality activities Keeps management team abreast of significant issues or developments identified during quality activities and actions being taken to improve the situation Prepares and presents technical and program information to the management team Directs workers engaged in inspection and testing activities in house and possibly at the Customer. Plays active role on quality management teams within organization Ability to travel for customer visits and meetings Investigates and addresses customer complaints regarding quality in a timely fashion. Must lead the layered audit activities within the Plant and report the findings to the management team. Must work in conjunction with the Quality Managers of the sister facilities in an effort to standardize quality practices. Act as the Quality System Management Representative During management system audit events provide evidence in support of conformance with applicable standards and procedures, and participate in corrective action activities as necessary MINIMUM EDUCATION AND/OR DESIGNATION REQUIREMENTS: Must possess a Recognized Technical Diploma or Degree in a related area MINIMUM WORK EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS: Must have at least 5-7 years' experience in a demonstrated Quality leader role, with preference given to those who have 8-10 years' experience. Advanced communication, interpersonal, negotiation, problem-solving, and time and priority skills. Ability to meet deadlines and to maintain focus on quality deliverables/ project milestones and proven ability to perform in a high pressure environment A proven track record of clearly demonstrated leadership and assertiveness skills Experience in automotive industry highly preferable Experience in assembly required and paint applications an asset