By applying to this program you will automatically be considered for the functions and locations listed above. You can state your preferences on the supplemental information form. The deadline to apply is August 13, 2018 at 11:59pm PST. Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; Ann Arbor, MI, USA; Austin, TX, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Bruno, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA About the program The Building Opportunities for Leadership and Development (BOLD) Internship Program is a paid summer internship for rising undergraduate seniors that are interested in working in technology and full-time opportunities at Google. We’ve designed our program to expose historically underrepresented students in this field to career opportunities in the industry. Students from all schools, and students who identify with a group that is historically underrepresented in the technology industry, including but not limited to Black, Hispanic, Native American, students with disabilities, and veterans, are encouraged to apply. Outside of your work, you will engage in high-impact developmental programming while building meaningful relationships with other interns and Googlers through a variety of summer activities. This includes 1:1 mentorship, an exclusive speaker series with company leadership, custom learning and development programming, and opportunities to create community. Timeline Applications: August 9, 2018 - August 13, 2018 at 11:59pm PST, and September 17, 2018 - November 12 2018 at 11:59pm PST. Interviews: October 2018 through April 2019, on a rolling basis. Internship: 11 weeks starting in late-May/June. _Once you apply, we will provide regular status updates to all applicants on a rolling basis. Based on your background and interests, you will be matched to, interview with, and work on a team for 11 weeks during the summer. You can view a list of example teams below. Interns will be considered for potential full-time opportunities on their host teams based on their internship performance._ BOLD interns are placed in teams across the business according to their background and interests. Learn more about our fields of work. Here are just a few teams that interns have joined in the past: Sales, Services and Support: Turn product innovations into vital client solutions. The backbone of Google’s success, the Account Managers, Consultants, Admins, and Analysts in these roles are all dedicated to client service. Whether negotiating with companies, solving technical challenges for small businesses, or surfacing product ads in just the right place, we develop new business opportunities while increasing the use of our product offerings. Marketing and Communications: A creative group ranging from event planners and designers to statisticians and analysts, our Marketing and Communications teams live and breathe the motto "users first." Some of us ensure that Google’s voice is as clean and simple as our iconic homepage. Others pitch journalists, develop brand materials, tell compelling stories, and tackle complex business issues. Together, we define how people interact with technology and shape the perception of Google around the globe. People Operations: Keep Google going and growing. Our People Operations team (known elsewhere as HR) and administrative staff are the curious and creative colleagues that anchor us to our foundations and help us shoot for the moon. The POps team lives by the mantra "find them, grow them, keep them," and is dedicated to staffing, development, and a distinct and inclusive culture. Not just coworkers, we're proud Google colleagues who help our company thrive. Google Technical Services: Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers. Responsibilities Google interns are given a lot of responsibility and the opportunity to provide a meaningful contribution to their teams. Responsibilities are assigned to interns at the start of the program. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Currently enrolled in a 4-year BA/BS degree program in the United States and returning to the program after the completion of the internship. Ability to complete an 11 week program beginning May or June 2019 Authorization to work in the United States. Preferred qualifications: Analytical skills and an interest in taking on business problems. Interpersonal and organizational skills, with the ability to navigate an ambiguous environment. Interest in the technology industry and Google’s business. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.