Responsibilities Our client is seeking a full-stack designer/developer to support its business in Southfield, MI. The ideal candidate will have strong competencies in data structures, OOPS, and software design to help create integrated applications that will become the number one loan acquisition solution for dealerships across the US and Canada. This person must be able to independently design, code, and test major features, as well as work jointly with other team members to deliver complex technical solutions. The hire will take full ownership of feature development from design to implementation, including responsibilities for code roll-out and responding to customer issues. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or higher in a related field and/or demonstrated applicable work experience. Experience designing robust and scalable applications that maximize re-usability within code and data structures. Experience developing, testing, and building J2EE systems using technologies such as Eclipse, Java, Spring MVC, Hibernate, SQL, GIT, ANT, Maven, Gradle, SoapUI, Hibernate, and SQL. Experience designing and developing solutions that securely integrate with third party systems over SOA standard technologies such as SOAP, REST, and Message Queuing. Understanding and implementation of security and data protection, and use of security protocols such as Oauth2 and SAML. In addition, the ideal full stack developer should be able to demonstrate: Proficiency with web application development using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS, NodeJS, and Bootstrap. Proficiency with XML constructs such as XML Schema and XML Stylesheets (XSLT). Experience building and testing solutions on Azure and Team Foundation Server will be an asset. Overview G-TECH Services, Inc. is a leading certified recruitment and placement firm that specializes in providing highly skilled staff in technical fields such as engineering, IT, procurement, finance and accounting. We have well-established relationships with some of the most respected companies in the country and know our clients’ job requirements and corporate cultures. Once we understand your experience and career aspirations, we aim to connect you with the right opportunity. At G-TECH, we embrace a personalized approach to professional staffing, recognizing the important link between employee and employer satisfaction. We work tirelessly to connect qualified job seekers with positions that align with their career goals, skillsets and personalities. Upon placement, we support our employees throughout the duration of their assignments, providing them with a direct point of contact who serves as a dedicated advocate and sounding board. As our employees can attest, this approach is consistently effective in bettering the contract employment experience. At G-TECH, our mission is simple: we are dedicated to connecting great people with great places to work. ID _77019_ of Openings _1_ Recruiter _Bradley Vande Kieft_ Category _Information Technology (IT)_ Recruiter Email _bvandekieft@gogtech.com_ Job Location _US-MI-Southfield_