JOB DESCRIPTION Definitive Healthcare is a rapidly growing data and analytics provider of the most up-to-date, comprehensive, and integrated information on hospitals, physicians, and other healthcare providers. Recently honored by the Boston Glob as the 3 Top Place to Work, the 11th fastest growing private company in Massachusetts, and ranked 611 nationally on the Inc. 5000 list; Definitive has more than doubled in size in the past 2 years. Our expansion has created the need for a talented and experienced Full-stack Software Developer to join our Product Strategy team. If you would like to work on a product that is in high demand, and evolving rapidly, keep reading! Your challenge: Definitive Healthcare is looking for a new software developer who specializes in full-stack development for web-based applications. As our new Software Developer, you will develop on both the web-based and mobile platform that supports approximately 25,000 users by taking business requirements and solid wireframes to define technical requirements necessary and ultimately transform them into a scalable, high, quality finished product. You will work with a team of software developers on designing, developing, testing, and maintaining application code. This position requires to have strong full-stack development experience, ranging from server-side C and .NET experience to SQL database development to front-end ASPX, Javascript, jQuery, and CSS experience. The right individual for this role will be able to translate business requirements into actionable technical requirements that leverage the scalable and reusable technologies to ultimately deliver a high quality product on time. Here are the things you will tackle: Execute the full lifecycle of software development, including requirements generation, prototyping, implementation, testing, and deployment Seek to improve the user experience by making application interactions simple, easy, and effective (e.g. search features and functionality) Solicit feedback from various stakeholders including Sales, Customer Success, and Product Development Partner with Product, Product Strategy, Information Technology, and other members of the software development team to define appropriate business and technical requirements and set priorities Develop technically sound and scalable solutions that meet the desired business requirements Develop appropriate web application components to attain high reusability and maintainability What you’ll need: 3 – 5 years of hands-on experience as a software developer Expertise in front end coding languages including HTML, JavaScript, CSS, and C Expertise in .NET framework, ASPX development, and SQL Server development Exposure to Kendo UI/Angular JS Frameworks preferred A desire and willingness to be involved in the front-end design A strong portfolio demonstrating past application development experience and a track record of delivering quality work on time Superior attention to detail and craftsmanship An understanding of information architecture Familiarity with Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS) or Team Foundation Server (TFS) as a code repository for multiple solutions and projects Familiarity with Visual Studio and related tools Ability to work in independently in a fast-paced environment, manage multiple competing priorities and projects, and consistently meet deadlines Excellent documentation and communication skills to accommodate both technical and non-technical audiences Inherent curiosity and capability to learn new technologies plus the ability to determine the best tools to solve a complex problem Why we love Definitive, and why you will too! Industry leading products Work hard, and have fun doing it Incredibly fast growth means limitless opportunity Flexible and dynamic culture Work alongside some of the most talented and dedicated teammates Definitive Cares, our community service group, gives all of us a chance to give back Competitive benefits package including great healthcare benefits and a 401(k) match What our Employees are saying about us on Glassdoor: “Great Work atmosphere, great work life balance, excellent company to work for, amazing top notch product, incredible customer service, lots of tools to help you succeed.” _-Business Development Manager_ “Great team. Amazing growth. Employees are treated very well.” _-Research Analyst_ “I have waited 36 years to work at a dream job for a dream company and I am so happy to have finally got there.” _-Profile Analyst_