Purpose Develop and maintain databases to support research and quality improvement projects. Work with data managers and end-user stakeholders to develop database environments to meet the needs of investigators, clinical researchers, data requesters, and informatics developers. Essential Functions Develop, maintain, integrate, and manage ETL interfaces to multiple databases in a research data warehouse for the Data Integration Team in service to the broader Dell Medical School. Communicate regularly with technical, applications, and operational staff to ensure database integrity, security, and auditing procedures. Update and maintain system to remain compliant with Federal and other regulatory guidelines as well as general system administration and oversight in cooperation with the Assistant Director of Data Integration and research data architect. Control access permissions and privileges, establish the needs of users, and monitor and audit user access and security. Work with IT resources to ensure that storage, archiving, access, backup and recovery procedures are functioning correctly. Install and test new versions of the database management system (DBMS) along with the quarterly database patches. Write database documentation, including data standards, procedures and definitions for the data dictionary ('metadata'). Study, learn, and understand the process, data infrastructure, and organizational culture of partner institutions to facilitate access and retrieval of needed data for the Dell Medical School. Monitor for compliance with regulatory, legal, and policies (such as IRB, Dell Medical School requirements, and HIPAA) needed to access or share health data. Serve as an internal resource to investigators, clinicians, and faculty to answer questions related to data access, data aggregation, and data management. Work closely with analysts and informatics staff as part of the data services core and with external data teams in Dell Medical School's partner institutions. Marginal/Incidental functions Other related functions as assigned. Required qualifications At least 3 years' experience in a software development / engineering field, preferably in a health-related business or research environment. Education and/or work experience in Computer Science, Information Technology, Interactive Design, Cognitive Science or a related field. Proficient and strong working knowledge in database development and management principles and various data architectures including relational databases such as SQL server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, and Oracle and big data technologies such as Hadoop or MongoDB. Experience with current programming standards, such as version control, automated testing, issue tracking, documentation, code reviews, continuous integration, and containers. In-depth knowledge of cloud computing concepts, strategies, and methodologies including AWS and/or Azure. Experience with setting up and managing database connections, automation of ETL process between databases. Experience developing APIs. Strong debugging skills. Experience of working in interdisciplinary teams. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Strong communication and customer service skills for technical and non-technical audience. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Preferred Qualifications Knowledgeable in Federal regulations about electronic health records and the use of healthcare data in research environments. Experience working with biomedical research or health record data. Knowledgeable in data standards such as LOINC, SNOMED-CT, ICD-9 and ICD-10, and common data models for healthcare research such as PCORnet, OMOP, and architectures and services such as i2b2, and OHDSI. Practical understanding of advanced concepts, practices, and procedures related to the following: Database development and management procedures. Management and integration of large, complex clinical/non-clinical data. Knowledge of data privacy practices and laws to ensure privacy, confidentiality and security. Familiarity with IRB/Institutional approval process and various business and legal data use agreements. Master's degree in biomedical informatics or a related field. Experience in a medical or healthcare field. Working conditions May work around standard office conditions Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus