Job Description: That’s a cool job - I want it! Ready to shake things up? Join us as we pursue our disruptive new vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and strive to deliver the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we’re committed to our work, customers, having fun, and most meaningfully to each other’s success. We continue to be on a tear while enjoying incredible growth year over year. As a Marketing Business Analyst at Splunk, you will drive projects that enable the marketing analytics team to improve marketing’s operational processes and provide business insights back to the organization. You love to dig into data, optimize workflows and execute on solutions. You are looking for an opportunity to flex your technical skills and build an analytics practice from the ground up. Splunk offers the chance to work with state of the art technology in a collaborative, exciting, and fast-paced environment. Responsibilities: I want to and can do that! Analyze and deliver solutions for fixing data discrepancies in the prospect lifecycle and optimizing lead flow through the marketing sales funnel. Partner with internal marketing teams to develop dashboard roadmaps, define analytical insights and associated capabilities. Serve as an authoritative resource on standard metrics, methodologies and domain knowledge for the marketing organization. Sift through large amounts of marketing data and omni-channel marketing interactions to make recommendations on ideal marketing mix and ideal customer journeys. Implementation - Own the rollout of new analytical reports including how-to guides and enablement materials post-launch. Build - Be part of building an analytics practice from ground up. Requirements: I’ve already done that or have that! Minimum of 4 years related experience with Enterprise-level Business Intelligence, data management & provisioning, and business systems analysis Understands demand generation, lead capture, outbound marketing, lead management, lead scoring and data management for solution implementation and ongoing management. Proven experience and familiarity with data warehouse and BI platforms; including metric creation, report/dashboard/visualization development & scheduling, and administration Adept at managing, analyzing & interpreting large datasets Proficiency to write effective SQL queries to investigate and resolve data issues Solid grasp of enterprise technology marketing tech stack Successful track record in driving cross-functional, cross-team projects to completion Good social and communication skills, strong analytical skills, and ability to deal with ambiguity and rapidly changing business environments A passion for technology and an ability to identify new opportunities for efficiency and productivity Education: Got it! BS with quantitative focus (e.g. Economics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics) or equivalent experience. We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which you are applying. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.