Description Position at Vulcan At Vulcan, our philanthropic efforts are tethered to a simple principle; if it has the potential to do good, then we should do it. Across our projects and initiatives, we gather and share foundation data to inform global solutions for the world’s biggest challenges, react nimbly to changing needs and new technologies, embrace the power of public awareness and collaboration and re- imagine what philanthropic endeavors can accomplish as well as how they are developed and executed. “Help us stop Illegal fishing!” http://www.skylight.global/ As a Analyst - Maritime at Vulcan, your analytical and technical skills will make a difference and a real impact. You will work with our team to conduct statistical analyses to learn from unstructured, real-world data from Vulcan’s skylight project and external data sources. You will present your analysis to the broader team and develop and maintain a data and computing infrastructure. Responsibilities: Reports directly to the Principal Analyst as part of the Skylight Operational Center Perform daily situational awareness for customer areas of interest Conduct strategic vessel research in cooperation with other members of the Skylight team Evaluate and use satellite imagery (EO, SAR, emerging technologies) to detect and identify targets Synthesize public information sources such as social media, ship spotters etc. Assist in establishing functional requirements and informing system design for Skylight.global International travel with other members of the Skylight team to engage customers and make presentations. Able to lead customer on-boarding activities and deliverable creation working with other Skylight team members. Interface with enforcement personnel from partner governments and provide actionable intelligence around maritime security issues Required Experience and Skills: 5-8 years of experience in producing actionable intelligence regarding illegal fishing and/or similar maritime domain awareness analysis activities Military experience as a USN/USCG Operational Specialist or Intelligence Specialist, or Civilian Fishing Fleet experience Experience collecting and analyzing relevant data from multiple disparate sources Familiarity with technology used in ingesting and analyzing data (particularly SQL) Experience with producing analytical reports using maritime domain awareness data Highly collaborative and works well in a cross functional team setting Strong customer facing and presentation skills Desirable Experience and Skills: Expertise with international fisheries, satellite data, and various modes of vessel detection. Special Remarks Regarding Work Environment, If Applicable Travel estimated to be 10% Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Vulcan is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at our company. We encourage people from all walks of life to apply without regard to race, age, gender, religion, disability, LGBTQ status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Our management team does not tolerate discrimination or harassment at any point during our employees’ and applicants’ time with us, especially with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, employee activities, and general treatment during employment. If you need accommodation during the application or hiring process, please contact Human Resources at jobs@vulcan.com or your recruiter.