About the role As a Software Engineer Full Stack Developer, you will have the opportunity to be part of digital transformation while being surrounded by people who are passionate about building modern applications that leverage the industry’s leading technologies. You will learn our client’s business, organization, systems, challenges and goals, and then utilize that knowledge to work with a team to deliver exceptional results. Your responsibilities will be: Consistently develop and deliver high-quality, low-defect features on schedule. Collaborate with your team to design new and enhanced features. Provide recommendations on, and implement technologies to achieve goals. Meet with clients to understand requirements and create solutions to meet objectives. Maintain and enhance code integrity, security, data protection and quality. Be part of an active community of knowledgeable members to share your technical expertise and learn from their experiences. Potentially work part-time or full-time at your client’s site, including travel, as needed. About you You enjoy solving problems and providing solutions in a collaborative environment. Keeping an open mind, you explore technologies that solve challenges and offer quality solutions to clients. You work in an agile environment that continuously promotes growth, knowledge and drive to success. You have experience with a large portion of the following technologies: Web Development with HTML5 and JavaScript using Single Page Application Frameworks such as Angular, React, Polymer and Knockout. Responsive/adaptive interfaces using technologies like Bootstrap and Foundation. Data storage technologies such as MSSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Azure Cosmos DB and Azure SQL. Services and applications leveraging .NET Core, NodeJS, ASP.NET MVC, C and JavaScript. Design with a highly available, cloud first mentality which leverages reusable components and microservice architectures. Cloud technologies to bring next-gen AI into applications. You have a Computer Science degree or equivalent, with strong development fundamentals, including SOLID design principles, Object Oriented Programming and Test-Driven Development. About Avanade Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud services, business solutions and design-led experiences delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Our professionals bring bold, fresh thinking combined with technology, business and industry expertise to help fuel transformation and growth for our clients and their customers. Avanade has 30,000 digitally connected people across 24 countries, bringing clients the best thinking through a collaborative culture that honors diversity and reflects the communities in which we operate. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation. Learn more at www.avanade.com. Qualifications Years of Experience: 3-5 years of experience Management Experience: None Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, MIS or related field preferred Other Skills/Knowledge: At least 1 year working in Agile or Fast Agile methodology Required Certifications: Additional Area, Region or Service Line specific requirements: Requisition ID - 52737 Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.com.