Auto req ID: 6400BR Title: IT QA and Testing Lead Job Function: Information Services/Technology State and City: Texas, Plano Company: Harley-Davidson Financial Services Full or Part-Time: Full-Time Job Summary Since 1903, our bold and unique purpose has been fulfilling dreams of personal freedom for our customers – and we live our purpose every day. It's more than just a business to us. Our passion for our products and loyalty to our millions of riders and fans worldwide inspire us to deliver premium products and unmistakable and unmatched experiences. Harley-Davidson Financial Services (HDFS), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Harley-Davidson, Inc., offers a wide range of financial products and services to motorcycle enthusiasts and Harley-Davidson dealerships. Products available to consumers include financing on motorcycles, MotorClothes™, and parts and accessories; cycle insurance; and extended service plans for Harley-Davidson® motorcycles. We need people who wake up every day with a passion for customers and who come to work with the creativity and drive to make amazing things happen. This isn’t just any company. And yours isn’t just any career. It’s part of your story. Write it with us and make it legendary. This is a hand’s on QA Test Lead position that will be primarily responsible for reviewing deliverables by QA Analysts and Quality Engineers as well as organizing their efforts on various projects. This position will also require the ability to create and maintain documents and deliverables associated with manual and automated enterprise applications testing. This position requires strong technical, analytical, and communication skills (verbal and written) and a desire to maintain a high degree of quality. As this is a senior lead position, it requires the ability to understand the benefits of automation and how to leverage it on various projects. The QA Test Lead will work closely with external groups to increase the quality of software delivered, including the development group to improve unit testing, systems analysts to improve requirements quality, business users and user testing groups to improve completeness of user testing. This outstanding opportunity is located in Plano, Texas. This is what you’ll do… Be awesome and demonstrate H-D valued behaviors in everything you do: be accountable, model integrity, value individuality and diversity, inspire teamwork, and encourage creativity Lead Quality Analysts by assisting with the development of test approaches, review and approve system test plans, resolve issues, and coordinate activities with project team Create and maintain testing processes, procedures, and documentation Attends and participates in requirements, design, and code reviews and walkthroughs Estimates testing effort and develops test schedules. Allocates/schedules test environments, analysts and test engineers. Execute tests, records test results. Identifies and tracks any defects to full resolution using HPALM. Develop and maintain a suite of software metrics suite and publishes for each project and for overall quality assurance processes. Mentor and train Quality Analysts as well as Developers, User Acceptance Tester, and Analysts in test processes and methodologies. Education Required High School Diploma Experience Required We are looking for someone with… Typically requires a minimum of 8 years of related experience 3+ years of experience testing database technologies with strong SQL skills Ability to provide good estimates and manage testing issues, along with flexibility and the ability to adapt quickly to changing situations and priorities. Understanding of risk management as it relates to systems test planning and in-depth knowledge of the SDLC as well as various software testing methodologies. Experience in development of test cases, test plans, system testing, integration/stub testing, regression testing, performance testing and release testing. Willing and able to take a hands-on approach when necessary. Experienced with establishing and reporting of defect and process metrics Communicates well, written and verbally. Comfortable communicating to all levels of the organization. Highly experienced writing test plans and test cases, and documenting software defects and anomalies. Supplemental Information Preferably… Bachelor's Degree Preferred - B.A./B.S in MIS, Computer Science, Engineering, or related field preferred Experienced with the following testing tools: Quality Center/ALM, UFT, LoadRunner Experienced with the development of automated test scripts using UFT and Loadrunner Experienced in at least one or more programming or scripting languages (e.g. SQL, Java, Javascript, Unix, Swift, XML) Microsoft productivity tools (Word, Excel, PPT, Access, Visio, Project) The ECC is open evenings and weekends. Qualified applicants must be willing and able to work a flexible shift including BOTH evenings and Saturdays. HDFS offers an inclusive compensation package including, but not limited to, annual bonus programs, health, dental and vision insurance benefits, a 401k program, employee discounts on products and accessories, exceptional training and advancement opportunities and more. We believe that employees do their best work when they are free to be themselves. This means our dress code is relaxed, and all types of work styles are welcomed. We provide equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. LI-KK1 Direct Reports: No Travel Required: 0-10%