Over the course of the last seven decades WATG and affiliated design studio Wimberly Interiors have become the world's leading design consultants for the hospitality, leisure and entertainment industries. WATG offers integrated design services comprising strategy, planning, urban design, architecture, landscape, and interiors design for urban tourism and resort destinations. WATG's projects are renowned not only for their design and sense of place but also for their bottom-line success. The Beverly Hills location of WATG is hiring an experienced Project Architect. SUMMARY OF POSITION: The Project Architect is responsible for the delivery of the project through the design, production and construction phases. Works directly with the senior leader, project manager and project designer in confirming the design program, scope of work and delivery requirements. The Project Architect shall demonstrate a thorough understanding of construction, building materials and construction detailing and shall be responsible for implementation and documentation of the project. The Project Architect shall demonstrate professional knowledge in designing to meet the governmental regulations, zoning and building codes, and current building industry standards. The Project Architect oversees the production and coordination of the design and construction documents. Works with the staff and consultants to ensure the drawing and specifications are coordinated and properly represents the design intent. The Project Architect is expected to demonstrate the professional knowledge and expertise, attention to detail, design sense, and sound judgment. Continuous learning and staying current with professional and technical developments are required. Additional key responsibilities are sharing professional knowledge, quality assurance, motivating others and establishing successful project teams. MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES: Gather appropriate project data and set up project files Determine applicable governmental regulations and codes Set up list of deliverables and work with project manager to establish delivery team Collaborates with the project designer on establishing building criteria and material palette Communication with the project and consultant team Meet delivery schedule Quality Control review of project documentation Prepare cartoon set of drawing sets and outline specifications Maintain ongoing, positive and productive client relationships Document any program or scope changes Prepare code checks and floor area analysis Prepare Building Permit Submittal Set Maintain Office Record set of Documents Assist with Bidding and Negotiation phase Construction Administration activities including RFI’s, Shop Drawing and submittal review, clarifications, Change Orders and site observation reports. Assist in close out procedures. JOB REQUIREMENTS: This position requires a B.S. or B.A. in Architecture and 10+ years in the practice of architecture. A current professional architectural registration license is required. It is essential that the Project Architect have management skills to lead staff team, consultants and maintain client relationship. The Project Architect should have the ability to anticipate project requirements and leadership qualities to work well with others. It is important that the Project Architect be thorough and complete and able to review the work of others to coordinate multiple detail information. AutoCAD proficiency and computer skills and knowledge of Microsoft Office, Word, Excel and Projects is important. Verbal and written communication skills are also necessary. Presentation skills and meeting leadership are required. Travel is required. WATG is an EEO/AA M/F/V/D employer.