Position Mediamorph manages the end to end data functions of the entertainment business – data analysis, rights reporting and finance management for major Hollywood Film and TV studios, Network and Cable and Digital Distributors and is seeking a Data Analyst (Contractor) for our New York office. The data analyst is responsible for work related to content distribution rights and contract analysis in support of our client’s distribution business. A data analyst’s key role is to onboard entering required contractual data points into the rights management system; coordinating with operations and finance teams to ensure accurate interpretation of contract language from Content Providers and Affiliate Service Providers; and collaborating with supervisor and operations team to maintain the accuracy of royalty financial information and resolution of any data conflicts. Required skills Bachelor’s degree Strong communication skills and attention to detail 0-2 years relevant experience in data analytics, accounting and or/financial reporting, contract management, or digital supply chain/digital content management experience Experience in the media, broadcast or entertainment industry. Candidates must have strong computer skills, including strong data entry skills (with an emphasis on accuracy) and strong proficiency using Microsoft Office’s Excel, Word and PowerPoint applications Ability to work within deadlines, exercise good judgment, and maintain client confidentiality Good business writing and communication skills Good pop culture IQ Compensation This temporary contract position for our client is expected to last one month and we cannot guarantee the contract will be extended. However, you will be given an update on the duration of the contract within two weeks of your start date. The contract assignment will be 40 hours per, Monday through Friday. The position will pay $22-25 per hour. Mediamorph is based in New York City with offices in Los Angeles and London. We invite you to visit our website for more information at www.mediamorph.com. Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status). Location: NYC