The successful candidate will be joining NBCUniversal at an exciting time where it is transforming from an operational, tool-based cyber defense program to an intelligence and threat-based organization. Responsible for building the technical defenses of a media-industry leading, intelligence-driven organization that works across the different businesses and collaborates closely with senior leaders to ensure solutions meet both business and cybersecurity needs. In addition to the strategic responsibilities, provide technical leadership and direction; function as technical and engineering subject matter expert for Cyber Security. Partner with NBCUniversal business in deploying secure solutions. This position is available in Orlando, FL; Philadelphia, PA; Centennial, CO; Englewood Cliffs, NJ; New York, NY; Universal City, CA; Minneapolis, MN. Responsibilities: Ensure the NBCUniversal enterprise network is secure. Define, implement, and model security practices for enterprise environments using an intelligence and threat-driven defense model. Prioritize enterprise initiatives to build towards an intelligence-driven organization. Serve as security architect on key enterprise and business security initiatives. Assist in maintaining a common operating picture of security-relevant systems and controls throughout the NBCUniversal enterprise Lead initiatives to ensure that the technology vision is realized including developing advance detection and monitoring capabilities for incident management, response planning and reaction to events Develop documented security architectures detailing secure, defendable configurations of systems, applications, and processes relevant to the NBCUniversal business needs. Support businesses in designing, implementing and deploying secure systems. Validate designs for security throughout their lifecycle. Identify and assess risk and make sound risk decisions and recommendations. Communicate risk decisions, project status, recommended strategy updates to senior leadership. Work with engineers to develop and/or tune security controls and configurations. Use machine learning or advanced techniques to identify security risks Solve complex technical and integration issues with creative and secure solutions. Build effective relationships across NBCU businesses. Mentor junior security engineers and architects. Build and contribute to communities of excellence Qualifications/Requirements 10+ years experience in a Cyber Security role. Previous experience in a technical leadership position. Intellectual capability and curiosity to learn complex processes. Proven thought leadership, strategic thinking and decision-making. Additional Job Requirements: Interested candidate must submit a resume/CV through www.nbcunicareers.com to be considered Must be willing to work in Universal City, CA Desired Characteristics Must be flexible, and have a creative approach to business, with demonstrated track record of aligning technical objectives and programs to enterprise objectives and strategies Highly collaborative; personally and professionally self-aware; able to and interested in interacting with employees at all levels; embody integrity; and represent and inspire the highest ethical standards. Strong sense of urgency and commitment, as well as sound business sense with a strategic, conceptual and operational orientation A highly service-orientated approach with a track record of improving service levels and client satisfaction Experience advising and representing senior executives and business line leadership on technical related issues Excellent relationships with key vendors and other relevant industry contacts Highly collaborative; personally and professionally self-aware; able to and interested in interacting with employees at all levels; embody integrity; and represent and inspire the highest ethical standards Careful listener with the confidence to make crisp and tough decisions about difficult issues; natural propensity to make others feel that their view points and perspectives are adequately considered; great judge of talent and a superb role model for future leaders; ability to retain, develop and attract best-in-class talent from inside and outside the organization Passion for and interest in media and entertainment industry highly desired Sub-Business Technology Career Level Experienced City Universal City State/Province California Country United States About Us At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us. Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.