Bellevue,Washington,United States 3AQ2P4 The Boeing Company is looking for a Security Designer to join our team in Bellevue, WA. Responsibilities: Lead and support interdisciplinary and interdepartmental technical experts in the planning, development, integration and deployment of cloud initiatives, and activities. Lead efforts to create cross-cloud services for common security monitoring management. Work with SoC (Security Operations Center) and SIRT (Security Incident Response Team) teams leading continuous improvement. Help with the creation of a vision to future cloud security opportunities and plan solutions to deal with expected challenges Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself and for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R.§120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience) Understanding of cloud architecture Ability to define requirements for technical and security monitoring both within Cloud and small/medium size offices Ability to lead technical solution development for technical and security monitoring Ability to organize cross functional teams in order to implement technical and security monitoring solutions at both the enterprise and small office level. Skills and knowledge in monitoring best practices of network solutions, application monitoring and small office environments, both traditional and in cloud solutions. Knowledge of SIEM integration Ability to develop KPI for management review and understanding of value created of monitoring solutions. Desired Qualifications (Preferred Skills/Experience) Working knowledge of scripting languages (e.g. Python) is a plus. Understanding of threat model and attack path development Typical Education/Experience Technical bachelor's degree and typically 9 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree with typically 7 or more years' or a PhD degree with typically 4 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. Yes, 10 % of the Time CIO, Information & Analytics Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company