Job Description Bring Your Passion to the Forefront: Program Administrator, International Programs Prefer Bilingual: Arabic, Spanish, Mandarin, or others Join one of the nation’s most comprehensive academic medical centers, UChicago Medicine. The International Programs Department currently has an exciting opportunity for a Program Administrator to oversee the daily operations of International Guest and Interpreting Services Units. Job Summary In this role, the Program Administrator oversees the daily operations of International Programs including Patient Coordinators, Guest Services Unit as well as the Interpreter Services. Assist the Director in development of Standard Operation Procedures equivalent to best practices in the industry Oversee care coordination of International patients, including scheduling medical appointments and following treatment plans that are developed by clinical teams Supervise a team that provides patients and referral sources with very high expectations, a diverse array of choices, independent guidance and bookings with preferred providers of non-clinical services including transportation, lodging, banking services, and other services as needed such as interpreters, religious support, community resources, restaurants, supermarkets, shopping, tours and entertainment Provide efficient, individualized services to international patients seeking care at UCM while maintaining high patient satisfaction and creating operational efficiencies. Essential Functions/Responsibilities Supervise the patient coordinators unit, including proper patient care coordination, scheduling medical appointments , collecting medical records, communicating between clinical and non-clinical teams, and support the patient’s needs and requests. Supervise the team that handles patients and family requests of lodging, transportation, banking services, and other non-clinical services as needed Supervise the timely coordination of interpreting services in person, on the phone or video-conference. Reporting to Director on utilization of data to contain the cost and increase the quality of delivery. Collect, track and analyze accurate data to drive insights into increasing volume; develop system to appropriately collect data Supervise all administrative activities for the department including coordinating out-of-office protocols, time keeping and coverage rotations for all employees of International Programs, Conduct Bi-Weekly 1:1 meeting with employees, payroll, and annual evaluations. Assist Director of International Programs with on-boarding, training and orientation for new employees. Performs other duties assigned. _You'll thrive in this position if you:_ Make Thoughtful Decisions – you identify issues, problems and opportunities; pro-actively recognize the need for improvement. You work with others to develop a sense of common purpose; understand different perspectives on issues; gathers and examines information available. You generate alternatives - Create relevant options, including financial and resource implications, for addressing problems and opportunities. You select appropriate action - Formulate clear decision criteria; evaluates options by considering implications and consequences; chooses an effective option. You commit to implementation and work with a sense of urgency and a bias for action to implement the decision. Act with Courage & Conviction – you look at interactions, activities and processes to maximize the patient, customer and employee experience; speaks up for point of view with confidence even when the topic is controversial; shares point of view in a manner that builds support. You alert the right person when expectations or standards are not met or when UCMC’s values are at risk. You ensure proper resolution is achieved and an explanation is received; escalates appropriately if needed. Communicate with Impact – you focus on the message of others, provide undivided attention, and defer judgment. You convey messages logically, simply, and with confidence. You check for understanding by asking questions, seeking clarity and responding accordingly. Qualification Required Bachelor’s degree Experience managing a practice or department Business experience in management of personnel, and experience in hospitality, healthcare operations, and/or marketing Proficiency in MS office (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint and Outlook) required; experience in spreadsheet / database management, data analysis and reporting Ability to work flexible and extended hours Strong organizational skills Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment (with continuous interruptions) that often demands multi-tasking Customer service attitude, high quality work orientation and professional demeanor – including tact, discretion, a track record of establishing positive client and customer relationships, and creating a hospitable environment for both customers and families Ability to motivate self, work independently and collaboratively, and think creatively required; professional adherence to a dress code required. Demonstrated ability to complete multiple tasks and meet deadlines in a fast paced office environment Internet researching skills required Ability to work with minimal supervision Proven ability to work with effectively and diplomatically with staff members and senior leaders, as well as with students, faculty, and corporate contacts Occasional and evening hours, weekend, and local travel Preferred Master in Business Administration, or related field A minimum of three (3) years of related work experience in an Academic Medical Center Advanced analytical skills need to develop and recommend new systems, workflows and procedures Second language preferred (e.g. Arabic, Spanish, Mandarin, or others) plus attuned to the cultural, linguistic and religious needs of all patients is needed Why Join Us _We’ve been at the forefront of medicine since 1899. We provide superior healthcare with compassion, always mindful that each patient is a person, an individual. To accomplish this, we need employees with passion, talent and commitment… with patients and with each other. We’re in this together: working to advance medical innovation, serve the health needs of the community, and move our collective knowledge forward. If you’d like to add enriching human life to your profile, The University of Chicago Medicine is for you. Here at the forefront, we’re doing work that really matters. Join us. Bring your passion._ _Bring your career to the next level at a hospital that is thriving; from patient satisfaction to employee engagement, we are at the Forefront of Medicine. Take advantage of all we have to offer and BringYourPassiontotheForefront_ _University of Chicago Medicine is growing; discover how you can be a part of this pursuit of excellence at:_ _www.uchospitals.edu/jobs_ _The University of Chicago Medical Center is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, civil union status, parental status, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status and other legally protected characteristics._