Overview U.S. Anesthesia Partners (USAP) is the largest single-specialty anesthesia practice in the country with over 4,000 clinical providers and associates. By joining our team you will participate in a highly collaborative and dynamic environment. As an organization we are mission focused on delivering the highest quality in patient care and you will be directly supporting our talented clinical team. We extend this same commitment to quality to our associates and supply tools and resources that will ensure we win in the healthcare marketplace and support of USAP. We are proud of our inclusive people culture that supports our associates to perform at their best. USAP is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates with physician services or related health care experience is a plus. We offer a competitive benefits package. Our analyst gathers data through many sources, from mining databases using SQL, to looking for trends to help develop a picture of where the company stands in the industry and identifying opportunities to improve performance. Analyst will help optimize reporting through SSRS & Power BI as well as further develop our data collection and analysis practices while acting as a as liaison between information technology and business leaders. Responsibilities Technical Skills: Use complex computer programs to mine data sources and look for trends. (via SQL) Perform data analysis to identify and understand anomalies Ability to load data to a database (via SSIS) Analytical Skills: Analyze and understand big data to decode major data trends. Identification of data integrity issues and suggesting solutions for how to solve it Identification of opportunities for the business to optimize business processes through lean six sigma work or other optimization activities Communication Skills: Analysts must be able to communicate and present their findings to managers and executives. Time Management: Work on multiple projects across different data sets and on multiple deadlines. Time management and expectation setting is key to success in the role. Qualifications JOB REQUIREMENTS (Knowledge, Skills and Abilities): 2+ years of experience preferred, however undergraduates or graduates with strong technical skills and healthcare experience may be considered Advanced SQL skills required Advanced Microsoft Excel Skills. Including VBA, Macros and Automation Experience in healthcare and revenue cycle management preferred High Willingness to learn new. Including: reporting tools, processes, healthcare concepts, and data types. Self-motivated, with a sense of autonomy, initiative and responsibility Team Player Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Economics, Engineering, Computer Science or Business-related focus is preferred Comfortable interacting and presenting findings to senior management EXPERIENCE ON THE FOLLOWING PLATFORMS AN ASSET: T-SQL Through Microsoft SQL Management Studio SSIS Power BI