ServiceNow Intern Who We Are Burwood Group is not your average technology consulting firm. We are an innovative, culture-driven, industry leader and we are growing our team by leaps and bounds. Founded in 1997 in Chicago (and still headquartered here), we've grown to be a 150+ employee firm with people and offices spread from Southern California to NYC. Our specialty is closing the gap between business strategy and technology solutions. Our clients view Burwood as a trusted advisor and partner who can help them select the best technology for the job, manage and execute a first-rate implementation, and measure project success by the business outcomes achieved. What You’ll Do The ServiceNow Intern is a key member of our Managed Services Tools team, building ServiceNow integrations and workflows that help the Manage Services group scale, become more efficient & effective, and ultimately provide a better customer experience. The team works directly with clients and with various teams across Burwood. As the ServiceNow Intern, you’ll be involved in supporting the following activities: Performing requirements analysis, design, configuration, testing and customization of ServiceNow modules Developing integrations with backend systems and web based services into ServiceNow Creating comprehensive and efficient ServiceNow workflows and processes to drive ITSM success Implementing and documenting IT operations and software processes for Burwood and our clients. Maintaining and helping to further develop our integrated platforms with ServiceNow Creating and maintaining technical documentation and user-guides Conducting user-training and help-sessions for new features or implementations Who You Are You have entry-level experience with IT Service Management process and tool design, configuration, and administration You are a detail-oriented, enthusiastic, learner with the ability to work well as part of a team. You enjoy problem solving and workflow challenges. You have excellent communications skill whether that be in-person, over-the-phone or e-mail, with both technical and non-technical stakeholders The Tech Stuff 6 months+ experience working with ServiceNow Experience working as part of a team at a technology company Understanding of SQL and databases experience The Perks If you ask any of our employees here at Burwood “what we love”, the top answer is always the same: our culture. Our employees are driven, innovative, fun- loving, and always willing to help. In addition to that, Burwood also offers some fantastic benefits: 401(k) and Roth 401(k) savings plan, complete with a company match Unlimited vacation days Health, dental and vision insurance Life and accident insurance Short and Long Term Disability coverage Flexible work-from-home policy Flexible spending accounts for pre-tax healthcare and transit/parking expenses Access to financial planning expertise