Clicktale taps into the wisdom and behavior of millions of visitors so that businesses can deliver the best digital experiences to drive amazing business results. By synthesizing complex behavioral patterns based on millisecond- level actions such as hovers and scrolls, we enable businesses to interpret their customers’ digital body language and understand intent. The pioneer in Experience Analytics, Clicktale marries cognitive computing, machine learning and psychological research to automatically surface issues and answer questions that keep executives up at night. With unique behavioral data, clear visualizations, and world-class customer experience expertise, Clicktale is driving the “Experience Era” at the world’s leading brands. Clicktale. Answer anything As part of Clicktale’s market-leading Consulting Services Group, you will contribute to a team of CSMs and analysts, working to ensure the satisfaction of Fortune 500 companies through impactful engagements which drive business value through optimization of digital interactive strategies and tactics. An integral part of Clicktale Consulting group, the CSM understands the customer’s business, works creatively to provide solutions to challenges, and ultimately helps businesses innovate and optimize experiences. Clicktale CSMs align to a portfolio of customers within a specific region and are responsible for minimizing churn/contraction risk while driving production adoption. The CSM does this through proactively engaging with customers, providing training, reports and other consulting deliverables. Alongside their teammates, the CSM ensures that customers are seeing impact and results from Clicktale and will continue their partnership. What you will do: Daily client interaction and engagement management with typically 20%-25% travel to visit client’s onsite. Value based customer success management with end to end ownership of daily interaction with Fortune 500 companies. Execution of a Client-Centric Strategic approach to develop a trusted advisor relationship with enterprise clients by delivering quantifiable value. Create and present research analyses and recommendations on website optimization and usability, user-experience and conversion rates to clients’ marketing, analytics and management teams. Partner with the regional sales team to understand where at-risk customers exist and formulate a plan to mitigate churn/contraction. Work with clients to optimize websites, marketing and sales performance through a variety of digital channels. Assist clients gain insights into their operations via customer online interaction through in-page and traditional analytics data, customer profile data, and consumer behavioral patterns. Maintain a high level of professionalism, empathy, and business acumen across multiple customers at one time, connecting trends and themes as you go Define performance metrics and measurement schemes. Design, create, and distribute reports using various analytical and diagnostic tools. Create presentations and correspondence to communicate findings and recommendations. Handle multiple simultaneous projects and engagements as part of the Consulting Services Group. Participate in the development of new service offerings. Develop a knowledge-base in multiple industries and across disciplines of strategy, planning and operations. Requirements: 3 to 8 years of digital consultation or analytics experience Fortune 1000 client facing experience preferred. B.A./B.S. Degree in an analytical/economic /business management disciplines. Experience working with digital analytics solutions such as : Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, A/B Testing tools. etc Experience working with a variety of industry verticals. Exemplary quantitative and qualitative thinking, analytical ability and problem solving skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with exemplary presentation skills. Flexibility, including ability to adapt quickly to changing priorities; capable of operating in an ambiguous environment. Empathy and a unique ability to understand customer needs. Passionate about customer success and how it can transform businesses. Strong project management or organizational skills and an ability to multitask without difficulty.