As the leader of the Proof of Concepts team for the Advertising Cloud, you will be responsible for managing the team that executes the set-up, management and optimization of our clients' search, social, display and video campaigns, with the primary goal of exceeding the performance objectives of the POC’s primary success criteria. This is achieved via development of a bespoke strategy that highlights Adobe’s technical strengths and showcases our teams’ thought leadership. We all have to roll up our sleeves and do the work needed to win. Check your ego at the door, push the envelope and just get things done (WIN)! What is a POC (Proof of Concept)? A scaled down, expedited engagement with clearly defined and quantifiable success criteria that is meant to prove the expected results of a long-term partnership with Adobe Advertising Cloud. How others might describe you: You enjoy solving problems. You love taking on difficult challenges and finding creative solutions. You don’t get flustered easily. If you don’t know the answer, you’ll dig until you find it. You pay attention to the details. As far as you’re concerned anything worth doing is worth doing right every single time. You stay focused, and nothing falls through the cracks on your watch. You think on your feet. You like learning new things and you can learn quickly. When things change, you know how to roll with the punches. You communicate clearly. You write well. You speak eloquently. You can explain just about anything to anyone and you're comfortable communicating in writing and on the phone. You are motivated and driven. You volunteer for new challenges without waiting to be asked. You're going to take ownership of the time you spend with us and truly make a difference. Desire and willingness to test, embrace and encourage new technologies, product offerings and marketing channels. A successful POC Team Lead will need to be able to: Hire, train and motivate an ambitious team of account managers who operate on the cutting edge of our product’s capabilities Deftly and effectively manage client escalations, determine a path to resolution, organize the team to execute the resolution and provide confidence to our clients that we are addressing their concerns Communicate with senior sales leadership to ensure they understand the status of all POCs and how the team taking action to continually improve performance and exceed client expectations Gain an in-depth knowledge of a client’s advertising platform and architecture needs, online business model, and online marketing strategy Gather, document and help form/guide client business requirements, key performance indicators and other functional and/ or technical requirements Design customized solutions and oversee its implementation and deployment via the BU launch team Advise key stakeholders and drive client success based on clients most important business drivers Communicate confidently and pro-actively with customers throughout the project lifecycle Manage multiple client engagements simultaneously Set customer expectations appropriately and keep projects on schedule and within scope Become well versed in the value that each Adobe Marketing Cloud product brings to the Advertising Cloud and the methods by which they can be used to effectively optimize online businesses with a specific focus on Analytics and Audience Manager Conceptualize data visualization based on client needs and their level of understanding Manage and optimize client campaigns to deliver the success metrics associated with the POC. Continually provide updates on performance vs. goal and the next steps being taken to achieve the defined measure of success Identify areas of opportunity to increase account growth and drive revenue. Contribute to the team’s continued refinement of process and approach to maximize POC scale and success What experience is required: 10+ years’ experience working in digital marketing or a related field 10+ Years of hands on Search/Display/Video campaign management experience Expert in Display, Social & Video based marketing strategies, their implementation and management Understanding of all current marketing channel concepts and strategies Solid understanding of data reporting and digital advertising best practices Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience Experience in quantitative analysis of marketing results Advanced working knowledge of Excel (e.g. pivot tables & v-lookups) and PowerPoint a must Highly organized and analytical Capable of handling multiple ad hoc requests Excellent written and oral communication skills Proven history of self-direction, creativity, and ability to meet deadlines Experience with Adobe Analytics and/or Audience Manager is a plus At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age , sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.