Job Description The Account Manager will play a critical role in working with existing and new Manage clients to drive industry leading customer success. This person is responsible for working with clients to develop strategic campaigns that will meet their objectives, as well as be the day-to-day contact for them once the campaigns have been initiated. As part of a highly collaborative and effective cross functional team that includes Sales, Ad Operations, Analytics, and Engineering. The Account Manager will provide best in class service and support, campaign execution and performance, and differentiated actionable insights. What you'll be doing Provide clients with world-class account support, adding consistent value and effectively executing against their complex campaign needs & serves as a day-to-day, point of contact for client Develop strong relationships with clients to maintain/grow revenue and up-sell additional programs, products, and services by understanding the Manage set of solutions Work with internal team to analyze campaign performance and report on positive trends, making optimization recommendations where possible Perform project management of client inquiries, proposal requests, creative requests and performance across global regions Work closely with the ad creative team to develop mobile display ad units based on client creative guidelines and revision requests Monitor budget pacing and creative performance of advertising campaigns tied to assigned regions Compilation and transmission of mid-campaign and post-campaign client reports and quarterly business reviews Primary choice for strategic / tier 1 client relationships (1-3 accounts in this category) and smaller portion of tier 2/3 accounts( approx 5-10). Expert in terms of Manage internal tools / campaign management / campaign launches / customer success / QBRs. Demonstrates solid understanding of Ad Tech industry and Manage’s customer base, representing Manage at industry trade shows and conferences. Conduct weekly / bi-weekly client calls and in person QBRs. Takes the leads on internal projects / initiatives with the Account Director (i.e., forecasting, process enhancements, gathering customer feedback). Vested interest in training and mentoring Account Managers with future responsibility of Managing Account Managers as team scales.