An opportunity exists within Prudential’s Enabling Functions Organization in Continuous Improvement for an experienced business process improvement practitioner. The Manager, Continuous Improvement manages the process analysis of multiple, integrated workflows and processes ensuring processes are customer focused, consistent, effective and efficient for Prudential’s US Businesses. Continuous Improvement (CI) provides common methodologies, support and guidance to enable and deliver process improvements for increased efficiency, effectiveness, accuracy and value to the customer. The incumbent will serve as an internal consultant and will lead results- oriented performance improvement initiatives across multiple sites using the proven methodologies of process improvement while ensuring accountability, focus, strategic alignment and cross functional relationships with the other entities through the use of metrics based goals and objectives. This position can be located in CT, NJ, MN, FL or PA. Candidate must be able to travel to various U.S. business locations as required by project details. Job Responsibilities: Provide technical leadership and coordination to improvement projects within the business. Lead multiple process improvement initiatives to a quantifiable result in defect reduction, cost avoidance, loss reduction or revenue enhancement. Act as change agent to instill Lean Six Sigma culture throughout the organization. Serve as internal expert on process improvement tools and techniques focusing on Lean Six Sigma and coach process owners and leadership. Recommend and facilitate quality and change management processes to identify customer needs and key drivers to reach customer satisfaction goals with financial benefit. Monitor operation to ensure customer satisfaction and project delivery to ensure benefits are realized. Subject matter expertise in process improvement with a focus on established tools and techniques. Strong written and verbal communication skills with emphasis on oral presentation skills. Facilitation of groups, especially as it relates to identifying opportunities for improvement. Strong analytical skills including the ability to assess data, and reduce important and actionable tactics. Experience in complex organizations and matrix reporting relationships. Ability to interact with multiple layers of the organization with demonstrated success initiating change and ability to influence at all levels. Qualifications Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree required Minimum 3-5 yrs project management and LSS Green Belt or Black Belt experience Performance improvement and change management experience Proficiency in Windows, Excel, Word, PowerPoint & Project Management software Strong leadership abilities and experience including situations involving organizational culture change Up to approximately 25% travel required Prudential is a multinational financial services leader with operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Leveraging its heritage of life insurance and asset management expertise, Prudential is focused on helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth. The company's well-known Rock symbol is an icon of strength, stability, expertise and innovation that has stood the test of time. Prudential's businesses offer a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds, asset management, and real estate services. We recognize that our strength and success are directly linked to the quality and skills of our diverse associates. We are proud to be a place where talented people who want to make a difference can grow as professionals, leaders, and as individuals. Visit www.prudential.com to learn more about our values, our history and our brand. Prudential is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Note that this posting is intended for individual applicants. Search firms or agencies should email Staffing at staffingagencies@prudential.com for more information about doing business with Prudential.