Chief Analytics Officer-180025691 At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. THE POSITION U.S Bank has been on a several year journey to build a world-class data and analytics team, as we recognize the critical importance that analytics will play in the future of the Bank. We are just beginning to leverage the full potential of predictive analytics, machine learning and artificial / augmented intelligence to help us meet and exceed our customers’ ever-evolving expectations. We are committed to further scaling our Enterprise Analytics team as data science is a foundational element of future vision of the Bank. Reporting to the Chief Strategy Officer, the Chief Analytics Officer will be responsible for creating the strategy / vision and executing the plan for scaling the Enterprise Analytics team. He/she will be accountable for further enabling business leaders to incorporate data in decisions, by enabling a team that understands core business questions, builds dashboards and reporting, and where appropriate developing an advanced capability that is focused on working directly will business partners across the bank and will be jointly responsible for delivering business results. Covering an enterprise mandate across a wide range of business lines and services / products, this leader will oversee a team of 80 to 100, with an expectation to earn the right to meaningfully scale the team in the next 2 to 3 years. This will include building an AI/ML Center of Excellence that creates and executes use cases, focused on driving in-year revenue. Additionally, this leader will also be responsible driving / influencing the data governance philosophy for the bank, while building a multi-year roadmap for data and analytics infrastructure investments. This role will be Minneapolis based. The Chief Analytics Officer will have enterprise oversight for: Data platforms, solutions and tools Data storage infrastructure and streaming architecture Marketing Analytics Customer Segment Analytics Data Product Discovery, Structure and Outcomes Personalization Analytics Human Capital Analytics AI / Machine Learning Risk Management Support The successful candidate must be an analytical thought leader who enjoys working in a highly collaborative, matrixed environment. He/she will demonstrate high integrity, intelligence and proven domain expertise. In addition to possessing analytic and strategic skills, he/she will have the proven ability to influence and manage others in a highly-complex business environment. The Chief Analytics Officer will be an effective agent of change and an exceptional manager and motivator of people and teams. RESPONSIBILITIES Drive new revenue streams and improved customer profitability to the organization through the integration of customer data and by leveraging strategy, technology, analytics and effective partnership across business lines. Serve as a change agent within the organization, building an analytics-driven culture that fosters data-driven and agile decision making, test and learn, and strong internal collaboration between Enterprise Analytics and the business lines Develop and lead data product discovery with a strong focus on value generation, creating approaches that enable data scientists to explore applications of data to customer problems, identifying new product and business opportunities in conjunction with business functions. Partner with senior executives within the business units and corporate functions to understand their business objectives and to develop reporting and analytics strategies to support their information needs, uncover core problems and build automated dashboards, models and decision tools that improve business outcomes Influence business, product and marketing strategies and execution and provide clear rationale and strategic thinking on numerous projects. The organization’s culture is one of collaboration and, as such, this executive will partner across the organization with the expectation pushes / influences insight and strategy. Recognize and understand the big picture, and set the vision for analytical support by prioritizing and coordinating the work of the organization to deliver on business needs. Lead the technology, architecture, and tools roadmap for data warehousing and streaming, working with IT to realize an environment that enables the team to build a wide array of data products that scale to solve business and customer needs Collaborate with IT and Risk on data governance, data quality and data access. Attract, develop and lead a team of functional experts. Create a performance driven environment that fosters world class research, data science and analytical skills, and provides ongoing opportunities for personal and professional growth that translates into a high performing team. Qualifications THE PERSON The Chief Analytics Officer will be an integral member of the Bank’s leadership team, working in both traditional and cutting-edge areas of data science, including predictive analytics, machine learning, artificial intelligence. He/she should be a proven leader with experience building and/or leading similar organizations with large corporations. Strong interpersonal and communication skills are a must as well as a proven ability to work effectively with senior leadership. Above all else, cultural fit is key to the overall success of this executive. The ability to assimilate into a culture of collaboration and trust, all while driving the vision and passion of the U.S. Bank mission must be accomplished to achieve success. The Chief Analytics Officer will be an effective agent of change and an exceptional manager and motivator of people and teams. The ideal candidate is: On the cutting edge of current technologies, platforms, tools and methods, and committed to continuously learning about advances in all relevant areas while fostering a learning environment of these new advances with your team; A teacher and hands-on expert in Data Science, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, exploring and prototyping applications of new cognitive and machine learning technologies; An architect of complex predictive models intended to substantially improve revenue generation, risk mitigation and their continuous improvement, equally adept at model creation and training your team; Curious to uncover fundamental problems from business leaders, and motivated to develop approaches that quickly solve their problems and also build solutions that apply analytics and data science where appropriate; Hungry to mine through data to develop observations and recommendations to increase profitability; Focused on assessing the potential usefulness and validity of new statistical approaches and data sources with significant experience building and leading an innovative team that directly affects the bottom line; Passionate, creative and hungry to direct a team that solves problems and spots opportunities using data; In terms of qualifications in addition to those identified above, the preferred candidate will be a self-motivated, results oriented, enthusiastic and creative thinker and teacher, possessing at least 15 years of professional experience and : An advanced Degree (Ph.D./MS) in an appropriate field(s), including Computer Science (with a focus on Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence), Statistics, Math, Neuroscience, Operations Research or Physics; Data Science, Machine Learning Frameworks, Tools and Techniques (R, Python, Apache Spark / MLlib, TensorFlow, Scikit-learn, etc.); Data storage, streaming, and reporting tools; Solid software development experience, including translating ML models into production software; Strong and persuasive communication skills. Job Executive Primary Location Minnesota-MN-Minneapolis Shift 1st - Daytime Average Hours Per Week 40