_About the Role..._ Logic2020 is looking to secure a Data Analyst for a pilot program with a client of ours. The program involves using true machine learning to improve customer care process, at the enterprise level. You will be part of the team proving the value of machine learning in order to bring artificial intelligence into customer care and ultimately, change the way customers are served. _About You..._ This is ideal for someone who has recently moved into the data science space and understands some of the basics. Someone who is excited to learn more and grow as an individual, within a team of experts. You are personable and highly communicative. You will need to be very hands-on. You have Python or R, however, this is not required. You are proficient at assessing business requirements, modeling, and gaining an understanding of business metrics You are comfortable communicating technical issues to non-technical users You are excellent at communicating over written, verbal, organizational, and presentational channels You excel at being flexible and juggling multiple projects in a fast-paced environment You are comfortable working under pressure independently handling multiple projects and deadlines Qualifications 3+ years of experience working with SQL queries and accessing data 2+ years of consulting experience, preferably at a "Big 4" or similar firm Demonstrated expertise in business analysis and data analysis Experience writing requirements and specifications for IT systems An undergraduate degree in technology or business Come be part of the future: _About Us…_ Logic20/20 is one of Seattle’s fastest growing full-service consulting firms. Our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency in complex solutions. Although we make it look like magic, we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. Our rapid growth is in response to our ability to deliver consistently for our clients, which is directly related to the quality of the people we hire. The past three years, we’ve been in the top 10 “Best Companies to Work For”. Our team members are highly self-motivated, comfortable conceiving strategies on the fly, and enjoy working both individually and as part of a team. Our environment is very high-energy and demanding, and individuals with remarkable enthusiasm and a can-do attitude are joining our team. We have lots of fun, focus on our employees and our clients, and work to bring our best to every opportunity. Compensation & Benefits We offer competitive compensation, medical, dental, vision and basic life insurance. One of the most important benefits is the opportunity to work in an incredibly exciting and rapidly growing firm. The best part is that we are a group of highly dedicated and competent professionals that deliver results and have fun along the way.