The time to join Best Buy is NOW! Thanks to our "Renew Blue" initiative, Best Buy has made incredible progress in the last 4 years, and we're just warming up! Best Buy 2020 - Building the New Blue is in full swing, and we want you to be a part of it! Best Buy is the world’s largest consumer electronics retailer, offering advice, service and convenience – at competitive prices – to the consumers who visit its websites and stores more than 1.5 billion times each year. Our Information Security team is comprised of some of the top minds in the industry, coupled with an array of the best tools available. At Best Buy, you will gain incredible industry experience, and have ample room for career growth. The Security Operations Senior Analyst will work with a team of information security professionals to protect Best Buy’s intellectual property and customer information. The candidate will be able to effectively administer, maintain, and integrate multiple security platforms enhancing our enterprise security posture. What will you do? Security platform capacity planning and lifecycle management Security platform integration and engineering Security platform upgrades, agent deployments, and health monitoring Security platform configuration and policy management Validating the ingest of log sources and maintaining the flow of required logs to the SIEM Contributing to the configuration and maintenance of security operations controls such as antivirus, application whitelisting, Host Intrusion Detection Systems (HIDS), Network Intrusion Detection Systems (NIDS), and Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) and Security Orchestration and Automation Platforms What impact will you make? Be a part of the team that is critical to the security of the company’s architecture Make decisions that will affect the outcome of issues within company's security posture Why should you consider this opportunity? Information security is one of the largest growing careers which is in high demand for talent Have the opportunity to be a part of a team that is fast paced and get the chance to learn something new every day Basic Requirements: 4 or more years of experience working with Windows platforms and Linux platforms, or a combination of the two equaling 4 years. 1 or more years of experience with programming and scripting languages such as/but not limited to C, Python, Java or Powershell Preferred Skills: Previous experience in a Security Operations Center (SOC) Previous experience implementation of enterprise security software solutions Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, initiative, eagerness to learn, improve, and ability to work independently within a team structure Proven ability to work under stress in emergencies, with the flexibility to handle multiple high-pressure situations simultaneously Strong customer focus, with the ability to manage expectations appropriately, provide a superior customer experience and build long-term relationships One or more of the following industry certifications: Security+, Network+, SSCP, CISSP, GSEC, GCIA, GC How we take care of our employees! In addition to offering a challenging and fulfilling opportunity, we have a competitive salary and bonus program, full benefits including 23 days of PTO (that is 4 weeks!), and a generous employee discount. Our campus has many amazing amenities, including: full cafeteria, fitness center, onsite discounted daycare, not 1 but 2 Caribou’s, US Bank, dry-cleaning service, company store, Farmers Market ONSITE every week, and free covered parking (you won’t have to brush snow off of your car in the winter!)