Overview Fuel your intellectual curiosity and professional growth. Forrester is an idea company, where smart, motivated, curious people bring a diversity of opinions and the courage of their convictions to collaborate on ideas that change the course of business. Most of all, bring a point of view; here, every voice has value. At Forrester, you’ll work with innovative clients at emerging and established brands; these are the business and technology leaders we inspire and who inspire us. The Forrester experience is built on a singular, powerful purpose: to challenge thinking and lead change. About This Role: Join a high-growth team consulting with technology companies on the value of their solutions. The Forrester Total Economic Impact team publishes studies on the financial value of technology investments and decisions. Consultants own the end-to-end delivery of multiple studies across technology areas. This position is ideal for an experienced consultant who enjoys a challenging career without the travel. It requires intellectual curiosity, a knack for understanding multiple technologies, and a love for qualitative and quantitative analysis. If you have an analytical mind, know financial basics, have excellent customer communication, writing, and project management skills, this is the position for you. Responsibilities Own the end-to-end delivery of client consulting projects based on primary research interviews, survey work, financial analysis and Excel modeling. Oversee client communication and project management process. Conduct executive-level phone interviews with client stakeholders and customers. Write, and edit a 20-page study in Word, including graphics, quotations, and charts. Convert qualitative, quantitative and financial data into a compelling story. Create and deliver PowerPoint decks, infographics and other content based on the original study. Present findings in person or on audioconferences to executive-level audiences. Provide presales support, working with Forrester's sales teams to assist in scoping and selling of projects. Qualifications At least five years of client-facing consulting or related experience. A B.A./B.S. required; advanced degree, preferably an M.B.A., is preferred. Proven experience delivering complex projects using multiple sources of qualitative and quantitative data to extrapolate and draw defensible conclusions. Demonstrated experience building strong customer relationships. Superb, well-honed communication skills over the phone, email and in person. A strong, collaborative work ethic, willing to reach out to colleagues when called on to help or offer expertise. Experience managing multiple stakeholders with competing priorities and timelines. Demonstrated experience or deep interest in a wide range of technology topics. FLSA Status: Exempt Forrester Research, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to equal employment opportunity for all qualified individuals without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, genetic information, military service, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law. Minorities, Women, Individuals with Disabilities, and Veterans are especially encouraged to apply.