NetSpend is seeking an Apache Cassandra DBA to oversee the database administration functions of Apache Cassandra. This position is responsible for database planning, design implementation, as well as the maintenance and optimization of Apache Cassandra. The Apache Cassandra DBA will be part of the DBA team, NetSpend IT Operations. The DBA team manages and supports all database administration functions for Oracle, SQL Server and Apache Cassandra. Responsibilities: Install/Configure/Maintain/Tune and Administer of Apache Cassandra of Datastax Enterprise Versions. Setting up Multi-Datacenters for Cassandra. Implement Disaster Recovery for Cassandra. Patch/Upgrade Cassandra. Implement, maintain and tune Apache Spark. Implement backup strategies for Apache Cassandra. Participate in DBA team on-call pager rotation and on-call support duties. Implement monitoring solutions. Work with Development teams on Cassandra Data Modeling. Experience/Qualifications: 2 years of Cassandra DBA experience. 1 year of Oracle DBA experience preferred. Proficient with all Cassandra utilities (nodetool, cqlsh etc) Experience in Disaster Recovery Planning and Implementation. Must be able to patch/upgrade Apache Cassandra. Experience in performance tuning Apache Cassandra. Experience in Planning and implementing (scripting) backup strategies for Cassandra. Experience with Apache Spark in Production Environments required. Strong knowledge in UNIX/Linux Environments. Expert in scripting languages like bash and Perl. Experience with administrating Oracle Databases is strongly preferred. Experience in Cassandra Data Modeling. Good interpersonal skills along with effective communication (both written and verbal) skills. A good team player, flexible, share knowledge and help others. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or other technology field or equivalent experience. As provided in NetSpend’s Background Check policy, eligible candidates may be subject to drug, criminal history, and credit checks, which will be conducted and used in accordance with applicable local, state and federal laws. Not Ready to Apply? Join Our Talent Community!! US Applicants: _TSYS is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) committed to employing a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture._