Overview COMPANY OVERVIEW: MKTG, part of the Dentsu Aegis Network, is a global experiential marketing agency comprised of pioneers and practitioners of lifestyle marketing. We specialize in delivering strategic, business-oriented marketing solutions for leading brands via sport and entertainment, live experiences, retail marketing, enterprise/b-to-b engagement and sponsorship marketing. We are committed to constantly evolving, refining and inventing innovative brand engagements through deeper understanding of how people think, work and live their lives. Headquartered in NYC, we have 1,450 employees and 7,000 Brand Ambassadors operating in 31 offices globally, with reach in 19 markets across the Americas, EMEA and APAC. Visit www.mktg.com for more information. POSITION OVERVIEW: The Director, Data Analytics partners with our business leaders to define KPI’s and establish the framework that measures success. The role is responsible for the management, development, and integration of business intelligence that powers data driven decisions. The ideal candidate is unrelentingly curious, passionate about data and analytics, and can effectively understand and communicate the value of metrics in driving short- term motivation and long-term vision. Responsibilities Develop analytic solutions in support of consumer marketing in the areas of predictive modeling, consumer segmentation, and ROI Mine multiple systems to identify insights and performance metrics that are significantly impacting performance Leverage data, insights, and analysis tools to inform actionable strategic business decisions Lead data analytics team to drive vision, process, and overall data insights Drive process creation and improvement to optimize workflow across a diverse set of capabilities Advise on best practices regarding reporting optimization, integration, and deployment Qualifications Academic background in data, finance, and/or marketing analysis (SQL, EXE) - Bachelor's Degree required 7-10 years of work experience in data, finance, and/or business analysis Expert in database management, data cleansing, manipulation, and visualization Proficient in leading teams and collaborating cross-functionally Experience with Tableau and Salesforce preferred Driven by innovation, curiosity, and an appreciation of technology CPG, Liquor, or retail experience preferred We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace committed to building a team culture that celebrates diversity and inclusion. Should you want to validate that this is a valid posted position by MKTG, please refer to our website http://mktg.com/about/careers/.