Deluxe Media leads the advertising and entertainment industries with innovative supply chain solutions that help market, enrich, and enable media distribution to all platforms and all consumers throughout the world. Deluxe Media is a global company with presence in 9 countries. Our clients include the major Hollywood studios as well as a growing number of on-line retailers. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a company in the hottest industry space that offers an exciting, challenging and dynamic work environment with tremendous career growth potential. We focus on innovation, creativity, and cutting edge technology. We currently have an opening for a Senior Database Administrator. This position will be located in Burbank, CA. Job Responsibilities: Configuration, management, monitoring, maintenance and troubleshooting of SQL Server 2008 R2 and newer MSSQL databases. Experience supporting MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB or NoSQL environments. Responsible for database availability, capacity and service level management. Manage SQL Clustered and high availability environments. Implement and support production changes adherent to release process adapting to a dynamic agile work environment. Manage, design and implement database backup, recovery and high availability strategy. Designs, creates and maintains highly available and high performing SQL Server databases Develop and maintain T-SQL procedures, views, functions, and other scripts in support of product development, customer reporting, and database administration requirements. 24x7 on call support in responding to problems and outages. Job Requirements: 6+ years of SQL Server 2008/2008 R2 with knowledge in SQL Server2012. Experience with Linux and hands-on experience administrating open source database such as MongoDB, or MySql. Managing OLTP systems with high uptime Clustering, Mirroring, Log shipping and Replication Performance monitoring and tuning, capacity planning. ETL Processes with SSIS, &, SSRS. SSAS experience would be a plus Expert knowledge in T-SQL with knowledge in NoSQL database technology is a plus Proactive approach to database design, development, and management If you're an independent thinker with a high level of ingenuity and the above qualifications, then we'd like you to join our team! We offer a competitive salary and great benefits, including 401(k) and tuition reimbursement. Please visit our website to view additional positions and for more information on our company: http://www.bydeluxe.com