SPINS, a Chicago-based SaaS company, is seeking an Associate Data Product Manager to join its growing Product Intelligence team. By leveraging SPINS’ industry-leading proprietary data and analytics, our technology enables deeper, more engaged relationships between Retailers, Brands and Consumers through our platform, web, and mobile products. WHO ARE WE? We eat collaboration and curiosity for breakfast We communicate quickly and succinctly We believe in roles instead of jobs We take initiative independently and hurdle challenges together We discuss, debate, decide and do with the same rapidity as we iterate our platform We are a talent ecosystem whose health is predicated on each individual’s ability to support every other individual’s success WHO ARE YOU? Someone energetic, empathic and earnest Someone who wakes each morning thinking of which opportunity they will grab today Someone that refuses to give up when the path isn’t paved Someone that consistently delivers quality work on schedule Someone who would rather build the right tool to do the job than wait until they’re handed one A creative thinker as adept at looking at the Big Picture as they are at the details An obsessive perfectionist that knows when to put down the paintbrush and ship The kind of person that can expertly use an Onion headline as an analogy in a serious strategy meeting WHAT DO WE NEED? The Associate Data Product Manager is a key part of the SPINS Product Intelligence team and will have the opportunity to contribute to the shaping of SPINS’ Product Intelligence ongoing growth through key project coordination and support of key strategies. The Associate Data Product Manager will support stages of the product/portfolio lifecycle, including creating requirements and overseeing specific development of specific pieces of the roadmap, either as a sole project lead or in conjunction with Data Product Managers and the Director. They will be expected to collect voice of customer to translate into future product offering solutions. The Associate Data Product Manager should have strong project management and analytical capabilities as they will be expected to juggle many projects with tight deadlines. They will interact with a variety of cross functional teams including engineers, operations, sales, customer-facing teams, and marketing. This person should be driven, inquisitive and agile with a strong business sense and a passion for health and wellness. WHAT ARE YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES? Assist and participate in the development of attributes within the Product Intelligence roadmap Identify market needs and opportunities (i.e. future attributes) for the Product Intelligence business working with internal and external stakeholders Use data and insight gathered to recommend and develop attribute requirements Support the attribute development process from idea generation to delivery (launch). This includes developing definitions, creating requirements, and at times managing project plans Support the management and execution of SPINS product hierarchy (category and subcategory) development and changes Coordinate with the SPINS Product Intelligence Operations team to manage and execute product category projects, new product department projects, certification partner projects and attribute support within SPINS databases (Reltio, etc) Support the marketing, commercial and Product Intelligence operations teams through training and subject matter expertise of the Product Intelligence portfolio or offering additional support. Occasionally participate in communicating with audiences directly through articles, webinars and customer engagements Foster and maintain relationships engineering, operations and customer success teams to ensure needs are met and deadlines are observed Monitor and incorporate industry trends and innovations Ad hoc projects under the direction of Data Product Managers and Directors as assigned Handle competing priorities and heavy project workloads; manage difficult feedback YOU PROBABLY HAVE... BA/BS Bachelor’s Degree – 4 year degree in business or science-related Minimum 1-2 years of product management or business experience Familiarity in Food, Dietary Supplements, and/or Personal Care product labeling/regulatory knowledge is desired. Exposure in retail or consumer packaged goods natural/organic environment is a plus Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment under pressure, adhere to deadlines Entrepreneurial drive to take ownership for assigned product strategy and execution to achieve growth goals A strong business sense – ability to create product strategy from market analysis Strong ability to analyze raw volumes of data to perform trend analysis or other insights