Deep Learning Performance Analysis Architect: NVIDIA is developing processor and system architectures that accelerate machine learning, AI, automotive and high performance computing applications. We are looking for an experienced performance architect to join our deep learning projections and competitive analysis effort. This position offers you the opportunity to make a meaningful impact in a fast-moving, technology focused company. What you'll be doing: Establish deep learning applications and use-cases for analysis and projections. Specify hardware/software configurations and metrics to analyze performance, power, accuracy and resiliency in uniprocessor and multiprocessor configurations Develop tools, infrastructure and methodologies for measurements, comparisons and reports. Craft and maintain workloads and micro-benchmark suites. Generate projections, comparisons and analysis reports for internal/external consumption. Collaborate across the company to guide the direction of next-gen deep learning HW/SW by working with architecture, software and product teams. What we need to see: You have an MS or PhD in a relevant discipline (CS, EE, CE) along with 10+ years of experience with micro-benchmarks, profiling and architecture analysis. Strong software skills with Python, databases and data visualization tools. Familiarity with GPU computing and parallel programming models as well as deep learning frameworks like Caffe/TensorFlow, neural networks and acceleration libraries Good organizational, time management and task prioritization skills displayed in your work. Strong communication and interpersonal skills are required along with the ability to work in a dynamic, product oriented, global team. A history of mentoring junior engineers and interns a huge plus. GPU computing is the most productive and pervasive platform for deep learning and AI. It begins with the most advanced GPUs and the systems and software we build on top of them. We integrate and optimize every deep learning framework. We work with the major systems companies and every major cloud service provider to make GPUs available in data centers and in the cloud and we create computers and software to bring AI to edge devices, such as self-driving cars and autonomous robots Using deep learning, we can teach AI to do almost anything. New internet services, like Google Assistant, have learned speech from sound and provide a more natural way to access information. Self-driving cars use deep learning to recognize the space the car inhabits, the lanes in which it drives, and the objects to avoid. In healthcare, neural networks trained with millions of medical images can find clues in MRIs that until now could only be found through invasive biopsies. These are just a few examples. AI will spur a wave of social progress unmatched since the industrial revolution. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. Are you creative and autonomous? Do you love the challenge of pushing an architecture to its limits? If so, we want to hear from you. Come, join our DL Architecture team and help us build the real-time, cost-effective computing platform driving our success in this dynamic and quickly growing field. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning