Overview The Sr. Systems Administrator is responsible for the effective planning, provisioning, installation / configuration, operation, monitoring, and maintenance of systems hardware, software, and related infrastructure. This role is also responsible for ensuring that our network and application services are operational and meet performance, availability and operational practices guidelines. The Sr. Systems Administrator is expected to stay abreast of the latest software and technology developments and best practices and determine opportunities to apply this knowledge to improve or augment services offered. The successful candidate is expected to have the requisite skills to be a leader, managing the implementation of projects, and driving continual enhancement in system and operational practices. The Sr. Systems administrator role is also expected to be a support escalation path for troubleshooting and resolving service issues, and is required to be part of a scheduled on call rotation. This position is based in our Richardson, TX office. The hours will be 9pm - 6am, Sunday night through Thursday night. Responsibilities PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES (Under the supervision of the Network Operations Manager): Server systems administration, performance monitoring, automation, troubleshooting, configuration & maintenance. Manage and maintain Microsoft System Center and Configuration Manager (SCCM), Software Update Services (SUS). Maintain, document, and implement computing and service infrastructure, including new service deployments. Participation in cloud based administration, including AWS and Office 365. Contribute to and maintain system standards. Respond to security incidents and where necessary make recommendations to improve our service security posture. Enterprise Storage management, NetApp storage system expertise preferred. Microsoft Exchange Server and Office 365 administration. Responsible for selected IT improvement projects and participates in others. Participate in implementing and maintaining ISO operation practices and certification. Maintain backup and disaster recovery effectiveness, participate and potentially lead testing initiatives. Report on service environment operational effectiveness and the status of projects. Escalation path for service availability or performance issues. SECONDARY RESPONSIBILITIES (Under the supervision of the Network Operations Manager): Assist in maintaining the security of the network and application systems. Perform system and network availability; performance monitoring. Document existing / new systems and operational procedures. Maintain and report on our DLP and SIEM solutions. Qualifications Minimum Education Level: Requires a bachelor's degree in a related area or a combination of relevant Microsoft certifications and job experience; MCSE preferred. Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager certification. Experience Level: 5+ years of Enterprise level administration is required. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Proficient in Windows server 2008 to 2016, application administration, MCSE certification strongly preferred. Expert knowledge of Microsoft SCCM and SUS technologies. Knowledge of Active Directory group policy objects and administration. Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Office 365 Administration. Proficient in TCP/IP networking protocol and internetworking/LAN/MAN/WAN data communications. Experience with Enterprise Storage Systems. NetApp experience a plus. Experience with Cloud IaaS providers such as Azure or Amazon a strong differentiator. Experience with designing and maintaining a Virtual server environment a requirement. Experience with Data Loss Prevention (DLP) solutions a plus. Experience with CheckPoint Firewalls, Cisco routing and switching a plus. Experience with Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) solutions a plus. Experience with administering VoIP solutions a plus. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Project management experience.