MHSI is a privately held company based in Rochester Hills, MI, supporting manufacturing, program management, data management, and design for our customers in Logistics and Logistics related activities. These activities include the project management and design of racks and containers. MHSI's customers include Automotive OEM, Automotive Tier One's, and Heavy Manufacturing. MHSI's personnel work as an extension for the customer. MHSI is searching for a full-time full stack web developer with a strong DB background to join our growing development team. This position handles the creation and maintenance of web, database, and mobile applications. The role requires the candidate to be able to assume full develop duties on a Laravel- based web application, so experience with this or similar PHP-based MVC framework highly preferred. Our ideal candidate has a passion for programming and learning new technologies, and is a motivated problem-solver and self- starter. Minimum 6 years experience in the web development field. Requirements of this position: 3+ years experience as lead developer role on projects using PHP Framework(s) such as Laravel (preferred), Symfony, Slim, or other MVC-based framework Solid skills using HTML (5), CSS (3), Bootstrap, Javascript/JQuery Development experience with SQL Server (T-SQL) Professional and effective written and oral communication skills. Good follow-up and interface skills. Self-starter with the ability to multi-task, switching between multiple projects over the course of a work day. What makes you stand out: Experience with Access, Access SQL + programming (VB, macros, etc.) Experience with Version Control such as Git, SVN. Experience or familiarity with .NET (VB). Experience with Photoshop and Wordpress Experience with design patterns Experience with package management such as Composer Experience with Objective-C/Swift and/or any experience with or interest in iOS and Android development a big plus What's in it for you: Health Insurance. Competitive salary based on experience. Flexible work schedule. Additional requirements: All applicants who are offered a job with the company will need to have a physical and be tested for drugs as part of the post job offer employment screening process. Candidates must have ability to work in USA. Sorry, we are unable to sponsor Visas at this time. Please, no calls regarding this position.