The system administrator will be a member of the Distributed Systems Administration team and will focus primarily on patching and maintenance of our Linux based systems. This role would operate normal business hours. Responsibilities: Responsible for support and maintenance of all Linux systems (hardware and software) including Production, QA, and Development server environments. Must be a results-oriented individual who has experience meeting the day to day demands of a growing organization with an expanding technology infrastructure. The candidate will be expected to identify opportunities for improving system quality and for suggesting improvements to processes and tools. Understand business drivers and strategies, and recognizes opportunities for technology innovation to support strategic initiatives. Experience/Skills/Education 2+ years working in 24x7x365 production environment with Unix/Linux enterprise systems which utilize fiber-channel SAN connectivity and Virtualization. Experience with patching best practices including the use of patch management software. RHCSA/RHCE Current Certification or equivalent work experience especially with RHEL 7 or variants (e.g CentOS 7, OEL 7) preferred. Demonstrated System Administration skills supporting mid-range servers in a mission-critical environment on Dell, Cisco UCS hardware and VMware or equivalent platforms. Familiarity with J2EE application architectures and administration. Working knowledge of the following products: Apache, Tomcat, Jboss, Bind, Postfix Familiarity with the following or equivalent tool suites: Puppet, Splunk, F5, Monitoring Software, VCenter Experience with Bash and secondary scripting language preferred (e.g Perl, Python, or Ruby) Demonstrated knowledge of using an IT automation suite (e.g. Puppet, etc) Prefer experience in card processing and high-transaction processing environment. Experience and familiarity with security best practices and with participating in IT audits. Excellent verbal and written communications skills. Demonstrated ability to deliver results, prioritize activities, and to manage time effectively. Experience working with remote peers, and management. As provided in NetSpend's Background Check policy, eligible candidates may be subject to drug, criminal history, and credit checks, which will be conducted and used in accordance with applicable local, state, and federal laws Not Ready to Apply? Join Our Talent Community!! US Applicants: _TSYS is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) committed to employing a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture._