_Are you looking for a hands-on technical gig? What if it could be with one of the most impactful IT companies in the world?_ At Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE), we bring together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions that advance the way people live and work. Our legacy inspires us as we forge ahead, focused and dedicated to helping our customers make their mark on the world. What sets us apart? Our people. Our people’s relentless commitment to partner, innovate, and act. If solving the world’s biggest technology challenges sounds like the right career path for you, read on. About the High Performance Computing Technology Consultant - Americas Integration Center HPE Pointnext is seeking highly motivated and qualified candidates for a position as a High Performance Computing Technology Consultant to join our Americas Integration Center in Houston, TX. No relocation assistance available. This is a full-time position with hours likely to be 8am - 5pm Monday through Friday, but will participate in occasional after-hours / on call coverage to include weekends and holidays. This position will: be based in Houston, TX with travel to Austin, TX and Juarez, MX 50% overnight travel is anticipated initially, but is anticipated to diminish over time, but will be driven by the needs of the business require participation in after-hours, weekend, and holiday coverage at times on a regular basis, routinely lift and carry 50+ pounds without assistance In this role, you will provide technology consulting to external customers and internal project teams, including a range of technical pre- and post-sales or service delivery support on High Performance Computing (HPC) solutions. You will be responsible for providing technical support and/or leadership in the creation and delivery of technology solutions designed to meet customers’ business needs and, consequently, for understanding customers’ businesses. As the customers’ trusted advisor, you will create and maintain effective customer relationships so as to ensure customer satisfaction. In addition, you will maintain knowledge of leading edge technologies and industry/market domain knowledge, and actively contribute to the company’s solutions portfolio by providing information ranging from technical knowledge to methodologies based on experience gained from customer projects. You will shape technical direction and technical strategies within the organization and for external customers. You’ll have opportunity to work on the products we deliver and support, while gaining experience as a High Performance Computing Technology Consultant which can lead to future careers within HPE. Responsibilities In this role, you will: maintain high level customer satisfaction by clarifying customer needs and ensuring that they are met handle customer relation problems promptly and appropriately, escalating issues according to established procedures respond to service, product, technical, and customer relations questions work as part of a project team responsible for end-to-end solution delivery understand a broad spectrum of the company's technology in order to deliver part of a detailed technical design, which meets customer requirements perform a variety of other tasks which may include installing new systems applications; updating applications, firmware, and drivers; creating boundaries for as well as performing configuration and testing activities; applications programming for assigned modules within a larger program; assisting in the preparation of technical presentations and demonstrations; and participating in customer meetings work with minimal direction from the technical lead and with customer-nominated representatives to accomplish assigned tasks contribute to design for specific deliverables and assist in the development of technical solutions participate as part of a team and maintain good relationships with team members and customers perform other duties as needed or assigned Education and Experience Required 3+ years hands on technical experience with high performance computing technologies Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or other relevant discipline Without a degree, two additional years of relevant professional experience (5+ years in total) Knowledge and Skills Preferred HPE Cluster Test diagnostic test suite Scality Hadoop Hortonworks IEEL Lustre Knowledge and Skills Required Able and willing to work a flexible schedule including occasional after-hours / on call coverage to include weekends and holidays Communicates tactfully and with diplomacy up to senior management levels within an organization Active listening skills and ability to adjust messages to audience level Problem-solving skills (proactive, reactive and creative) Understanding of technical IT support knowledge, as well as basic project management skills and communication and analytical problem-solving skills Able to employ exemplary consulting skills by becoming a trusted advisor to the customer and providing clarity to solution determination Well-versed in core technical competencies and peaked in some technical area(s) Intermediate skills in project management, communication, analysis and presentation Able to provide suggestions for operational efficiencies Exposure/experience with High Performance computing solutions Troubleshooting skills and methodologies related to IT solution level problems. Ability to build and maintain ongoing relationships with customers, peers and support partners Ability to perform well in high-pressure situations Ability to work independently and be self-disciplined Ability to learn and comply with organization and policies Knowledge and experience with the following: Red Hat Unix Linux _Thanks for taking the time to review our job! If you think it is a match to your experience and interests, please apply today—we are eager to learn more about you! If you know a friend who may be a fit for the job, please refer them._ _If you are seeing this job posting somewhere other than the HPE Careers website, you may apply by following these instructions:_ _1\. Log onto www.hpe.com/jobs_ _2\. Sign in, or create and confirm an account_ _3\. Click “Search Jobs”, then enter job number – 1028222_ _4\. Complete full application process_ Hewlett Packard Enterprise Values Partnership first: We believe in the power of collaboration - building long term relationships with our customers, our partners and each other Bias for action: We never sit still - we take advantage of every opportunity Innovators at heart: We are driven to innovate - creating both practical and breakthrough advancements What do we offer? Extensive social benefits, flexible working hours, a competitive salary and shared values, make Hewlett Packard Enterprise one of the world´s most attractive employers. At HPE our goal is to provide equal opportunities, work- life balance, and constantly evolving career opportunities. If you are looking for challenges in a pleasant and international work environment, then we definitely want to hear from you. Apply now below, or directly via our Careers Portal at www.hpe.com/careers About HPE Pointnext Global Shared Delivery HPE Pointnext Global Shared Delivery (GSD) works hand-in-hand with the largest commercial and public sector customers globally to effectively manage their IT needs across their businesses, and around the world. Delivering the operational stability, cost reductions, flexibility, resiliency and scalability enterprise customers demand, Pointnext has been recognized for its leadership in enabling these customers to create new growth strategies and revenue opportunities, while maximizing their IT investments and increasing their business agility. The complexity of technology deployment, management, and support is creating demand for evolved technology support service offerings that meet performance, cost, availability, reliability, security, and scalability demands. The appetite for Pointnext Support is expanding rapidly as enterprises of all stripes realize they can't “do it all". About HPE Pointnext HPE Pointnext is a global service provider and business integrator delivering solutions with speed, power, precision, and passion. HPE is responsible for the development and delivery of the IT infrastructure solutions at the core of the world’s largest and fastest growing organizations, which includes servers, storage, networking, technology services, converged data center infrastructure, Telco and cloud solutions. As part of HPE, Pointnext provides world-class support and consulting services for Hewlett Packard Enterprise products and solutions. Pointnext assists clients in realigning their IT strategies and making the best use of technology to create or capitalize on business opportunities. We offer onsite services, Internet and global technology solutions to multi-site, multi-national businesses, including manufacturing, telecom, automotive, energy, financial services, and other key industries. Services range from warranty and product support to proactive mission-critical and business continuity services, deployment and performance services, security, and integrated support for complex multi-vendor environments. About Hewlett Packard Enterprise Tomorrow belongs to the fast, and Hewlett Packard Enterprise is in the acceleration business! To help companies accelerate, we’ve created a new company, one that defines transformation—and defies “business as usual”. In the fast-paced, quick- release environment of the future, you need to be constantly ready for change, be resourceful, and be highly adaptable to the ever-changing business landscape. HPE is an industry leading technology company that enables customers to go further, faster. With the industry’s most comprehensive portfolio, spanning the cloud to the data center to workplace applications, our technology and services help customers around the world make IT more efficient, more productive and more secure. Hewlett Packard Enterprise is not only the company best equipped to build a bridge from where enterprise IT is today, to where it needs to be, but HPE is also an incredible place to build a career. As the only company that brings it all—software, hardware, services, and talented people with the right mindset—we help organizations innovate, stay competitive, and quickly turn ideas into value. _Please note the above statements describe the general nature and level of work only. They are not a complete list of all required responsibilities, duties and skills. Other duties may be added, or this description amended at any time._ _CB_ Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities. HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.