RigUp is the fastest growing technology startup in oil & gas, you will help revolutionize how millions of people work in a complex, 120 billion dollar industry. We're building the world's leading online marketplace for oilfield labor, goods, and services, empowering our customers to work much more efficiently while maintaining the highest safety and environmental standards. RigUp is searching for an exceptional lead generation representative who is passionate and performance driven. You will join a high performing sales team responsible for driving adoption of the RigUp offering within our Buyer Network and across new verticals. What we need... Oil and gas professional to help source contractors and select ideal candidates to pass along to hiring managers. Assist in vendor on-boarding and management. Customer service mindset with a passion for helping others. Emphasis on data analysis and always looking for ways to improve processes. Ability to own a project from start to finish. Build and manage a business plan by keeping interactions tracked and all parties involved through the process. Work closely with Account Executives and Customer Service Associates. Meet monthly, quarterly, and annual growth goals. Travel: This role will require <5% travel. About You... Great storyteller able to capture attention and build trust quickly. Competitive with a strong desire to win. Consistent overachiever of goals, personally and professionally. Willing to go the extra mile with a strong work ethic; self-directed, coachable & resourceful. Highly driven individual with an execution focus and a strong sense of urgency and conviction. Knowledge and interest in oil and gas industry especially consultants and vendor management. Demonstrated 1- 3 years of project management/customer success experience in a B2B or oil and gas role. Bachelors’ degree preferred Perks Competitive base pay + performance bonus compensation package 100% company paid health insurance 401k with company match % Unlimited PTO Subsidized breakfast and lunch Annual $2,000 vacation stipend after 3rd work anniversary Amazing team Sponsored events and outings Growing office space and dynamic, diverse company culture Room for extensive career development Our team is comprised of a diverse group of talented folks - a combination of technical talent from places like Google, IBM and RetailMeNot, long-tenured and well-networked energy veterans, and venture capital funding. We foster a fun, transparent, and collaborative environment - work is simply better when you’re enjoying what you do.