\---------------- Role Description \---------------- Our Information Technology and Services (ITS) team enables people at Dropbox to do their best work. We’re a motivated, creative and solutions-oriented team, and we thrive on helping our fellow Dropboxers. We’re dedicated to building scalable technology solutions that have broad impact for growing our teams around the world. As a Data Integrations Engineer at Dropbox you will fill a lead position with the data integration program. We are looking for you to synchronize data between operational cloud systems such as Salesforce and Workday, as well as provide transformed data extracts for analytical reporting. This position requires a combination of technical and business analysis. From requirements gathering to development through operations, the position is broad yet requires an individual with hands-on experience in data-centric technologies outlined below. \---------------- Responsibilities \---------------- Use and lead Dropbox’s Dell Boomi integration platform as a service (iPaas) Integrate, map and translate data among SaaS and on-premise systems for both operational and analytical purposes Design, build and test integration processes based on business requirements Transition personal knowledge of the various technologies to other team members so that day-to-day support can be expanded and improved Build scalable data architectures that are robust and highly available Work with the enterprise architecture team to ensure data architectures are aligned to enterprise-scope initiatives, designs, and principles Work with internal and external partners to resolve issues \------------ Requirements \------------ Deep expertise with crafting, implementing, and administering large volume Dell Boomi Integrations, Atoms and Molecules. Demonstrable SaaS integration experience with enterprise business applications such as Workday, Salesforce, Marketo, or Oracle Fusion. Familiarity with various data formats such as JSON, XML (including XPath and XSLT), and flat files. Deep understanding of web services, specifically around consuming data from RESTful and SOAP-based HTTPS endpoints. Coding skills in any of the following languages: JavaScript, Python, Ruby or Groovy. Familiarity with SQL and relational databases such as MySQL or Amazon Redshift. Familiarity with Hadoop and its constituent components such as Hive, HDFS, etc. Understanding of Agile methodologies and processes. \------------------ Benefits and Perks \------------------ 100% company paid individual medical, dental, & vision insurance coverage 401k + company match Market competitive total compensation package Free Dropbox space for your friends and family Wellness Reimbursement Generous vacation policy 10 company paid holidays Volunteer time off Company sponsored tech talks (technology and other relevant professional topics)