Are you looking to grow your technology skill-set and begin your career? Do you want to be trained and mentored by Expert Systems Engineers and Team Leaders? If you answered YES! Then why not join our Technical Academy and Intern with US! Our 6 week paid Internship program provides an opportunity to gain hands on I.T. experience with a company that has a 35+ year track record of success and continued growth! Why join the Academy? Gain valuable training and hands-on experience in a variety of client environments: desktop and basic network integration and support loading and configuring desktop OS for standalone operation and basic network connectivity installing, configuring and troubleshooting hardware, software, desktop applications and upgrades Opportunity to obtain A+ and Network + technical certifications (study material provided and cost of exams reimbursed upon successful passing of exam). Eligible internship candidates will be required to possess: Valid driver’s license - This internship will require some travel Access to a motor vehicle on a daily basis Interest in a career in technology Motivation to learn and succeed Send resume and cover letter explaining why you are the right candidate for the Academy to: http://chk.tbe.taleo.net/chk01/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=CUSTOMONLINE&cws;=1&rid;=1770 _Custom Computer Specialists, Inc. is the leading Technical Consultant on Long Island. Celebrating 38+ years in business, we have successfully provided network integration, support services, products solutions, and consulting, to our valued clients in the North East. Our goal is to make technology easy and to help our clients use it drive their success._ Apply today for an opportunity to jump start your IT career! Custom Computer Specialists is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other protected characteristic.