- As the internal staffing (registry) provider for Banner Health, Banner Staffing Services (BSS) provides opportunities within one of the country’s leading health systems. The BSS team is dedicated to providing personal attention and professional support for its employees. Registry opportunities are a great way to market your skills within Banner Health. As a BSS employee, you are eligible to apply (at any time) as an internal applicant to any regular full-time or part-time opportunities within Banner Health. In addition, registry employment through BSS offers: Competitive wages Paid orientation Flexible Schedules (select positions) Fewer Shifts Cancelled Weekly pay 403(b) Pre-tax retirement plan Employee Assistance Program Employee wellness program Discount Entertainment tickets Restaurant/Shopping discounts Auto Purchase Plan BSS Registry positions do not have guaranteed hours and no medical benefits package is offered. BSS requires: Completion of post-offer Occupational Health physical assessment, drug screen and background check (includes; employment, criminal and education). - About Banner Staffing Service AZ Supporting Banner Health, Banner Staffing Services offers a world of opportunities to make an impact on one of the country's leading health systems. In addition, Staffing Services provides the best training in the business, so you can hit the ground running as you enjoy unequaled clinical variety, professional flexibility and lifestyle choices. We provide registry and travel assignments throughout the western United States. The registry allows you to create your own schedule by offering opportunities in a variety of hospital, home care and primary care settings. Banner Travel offers short- term assignments of three twelve-hour shifts per week. Our pay rates are highly competitive, and we offer training in the country's most advanced simulation center. You will also enjoy the stability only an organization as large and successful as Banner Health can offer. About Banner Health Banner Health is one of the largest, nonprofit health care systems in the country and the leading nonprofit provider of hospital services in all the communities we serve. Throughout our network of hospitals, primary care health centers, research centers, labs, physician practices and more, our skilled and compassionate professionals use the latest technology to make health care easier, so life can be better. The many locations, career opportunities, and benefits offered at Banner Health help to make the Banner Journey unique and fulfilling for every employee. - Job Summary This position is a high level strategic contributor with expertise in selected business or healthcare processes and is responsible for formulating system scope and objectives relative to the companys requirements. Acts independently or as leader of a team to provide knowledge, guidance, research and fact finding expertise to define, design and modify specifications and processes of complex information systems. Responsible for establishing system documentation standards and quality assurance methodologies for systems and applications. Essential Functions Provides leadership for company staff, information technology staff and various committees guiding the design, implementation and maintenance of complex application and system specifications and processes. Participates and may lead taskforces to plan, implement, and coordinate facility activities to maximize information technology service quality, effectiveness and efficiency. Leads a team of information technology professionals, end user customers and vendors to assemble request for information/proposal (RFI/RFP), return on investment (ROI) calculations, capital or operating budgets data or other high level strategic specifications and documents. Designs and administers complex standards and policies regarding application and end user customer documentation. Ensures that department and company standards are implemented and consistently adhered to. Provides high level expertise to the development of fully integrated testing scenarios. Ensures that the information systems across multiple levels and states and their relationships are considered and are part of the comprehensive testing plans. Identifies, investigates, tracks, and resolves complex project, system or application errors ensuring the solution is timely and of acceptable quality. Determines and designs end user training and curriculum for applications and systems. Facilitates the initial rollout and ongoing training of the user community. Provides high level expertise and guidance to the user community and mentors junior members of the department. Maintains current professional and technical knowledge relating to the healthcare industry by attending educational workshops/conferences, establishing personal networks, and/or maintaining relevant certification or licensure as business needs require. Minimum Qualifications Must possess a strong technical and business knowledge as typically obtained through the completion of a bachelor's degree related field. Must also have in-depth knowledge of concepts within job function as would normally be obtained in 6-8 years work experience in the field. Must demonstrate general knowledge of information technology and healthcare. Needs experience in medium scale project planning and reporting, either individual or team. Requires communication and presentation skills to engage technical and non-technical audiences. Requires ability to communicate and interact across facilities and at various levels. Incumbent will have skills to mentor less experienced team members. As is typical in this industry, variable shifts and hours and carrying/responding to a pager may be required. Preferred Qualifications Additional related education and/or experience preferred.