Join Our Team: Do Meaningful Work and Improve People’s Lives Our purpose, to improve customers’ lives by making healthcare work better, is far from ordinary. So are our employees. Working at Premera means you have the opportunity to drive real change by transforming healthcare. To better serve our customers, we’re creating a culture that promotes employee growth, collaborative innovation, and inspired leadership. We are committed to creating an environment where employees can do their best work and where best- in-class talent comes, stays, and thrives! As a Sr. Microsoft Full-Stack Developer for our Corporate Data & Analytics team, you will work on a small development team with a big mission. As a member of our team you will be at the epicenter of revolutionary company and industry change. The team you would join is a diverse group of people with expertise that is both broad and deep across the technical and healthcare landscapes. This team applies the methods and general approach established by Disciplined Agile Delivery, its motto is “Delivery is our Currency”. You will be part of the team building solutions that empower our customers to engage the healthcare system on their own terms. To realize the level of customer empowerment envisioned, the team is building state-of-the-art data services frameworks that enable real-time interoperability within Premera as well as with external healthcare partners and provider organizations. Since we are in the early stages of building an enterprise-class capability we are operating like a startup within a large organization. Once fully integrated into the team and with demonstrated performance and commensurate vision, opportunities to make a mark on the platform will present themselves. What you’ll do: Design, plan and utilize technical consulting expertise and assist in leadership for small to medium sized projects, providing guidance to less experienced employees Consult with clients and teammates to identify all facets of an issue and generate solutions Participate in testing associated with cross-functional project team efforts as dictated by project assignments Analyze and resolve medium to large, high risk production problems related to assigned applications Produce appropriate documentation and notifications for changes to production systems or fixes to production problems Acquire and maintain knowledge of the industry and business and using this knowledge to deliver meaningful results Participate in on call production support rotation, as needed What you’ll bring: Bachelor's Degree in an IT related field or four (4) years’ work experience in Information Technology. Six (6) years’ application development experience Ideal candidates will have four years of experience with the Microsoft stack, specifically focused in: o .NET (Core a plus) o REST API’s o Azure Cloud a plus o SQL (NoSQL a plus) o Modern Web Technologies Aptitude, ability and who is ready to challenge themselves to take their professional development to the next level Willingness and interest in being mentored by our Technical Leaders who, through their work and approach, will be conducting daily master classes on how to design and deliver industry defining innovations and solutions Ability to act independently to complete any and all work directed their way (i.e. opportunities abound to contribute interesting and significant work) Understanding of the expectation to participate in multiple roles on our rapid delivery team What we offer : Premera is proud to offer a comprehensive benefits package including: Medical, vision and dental coverage Life and disability insurance Retirement programs (401K employer match and pension plan) Wellness incentives, onsite services, a discount program and more Tuition assistance for undergraduate and graduate degrees Generous Paid Time Off to reenergize Free parking LI-MS1