Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Boulder, CO, USA; Ann Arbor, MI, USA; New York, NY, USA The Google Technical Services Global Customer Care team is a solution- generating force that helps our sales teams and advertisers. These solutions need to be scalable to support millions of customers worldwide. In addition to troubleshooting on the customer side, we work with Sales, Product and Engineering teams within Google to develop better tools and services to improve our products based on the evolving needs of our users. As a cross- functional and global team, it's our job to help keep the lights on and the ads fresh. The Global Customer Care team in Google Technical Services plays a critical role in Google's success, supporting Sales teams, advertisers and products that enhance business potential. As a Support Specialist, you will work closely with advertisers and the global sales teams to own technical troubleshooting for product-related issues. In this role you will become a product expert, owning not only troubleshooting tasks but also developing innovative, scalable solutions that effectively serve our growing customer base. This is a Specialist role focused on providing the highest quality of support to both our sales teams and the advertisers they work with. Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers. Responsibilities Prioritize and deliver outstanding customer service, troubleshooting and resolving issues from Google's largest advertising customers and internal sales teams. Provide emergency expert support during non-office hours when required. Contribute to the development of internal products, serving as the voice of the customer in identifying product enhancements and making sure new products launch with customer usability in mind. Manage complex sales and customer inquiries (by live chat, email and other channels) that can’t be resolved by first-level support team. Apply deep product expertise in carrying out strategic projects and solving complex technical customer issues and escalations. Engage with cross-functional partners (including Engineering and Product teams) to identify and resolve product bugs/issues. Identify opportunities and deliver solutions to scale or otherwise improve Google’s support operations. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of relevant work experience. Preferred qualifications: 2 years of experience in an online advertising role. Experience using the Google Marketing Platform product suite (Campaign Manager, Display & Video 360, Search Ads 360), YouTube, Google Ads or other online advertising systems. Familiarity with the ad serving industry and internet technologies (JavaScript, HTML, Flash). Demonstrated ability to work well in a diverse environment with people from all backgrounds. Effective communication, organizational, customer service, problem-solving and analytical skills. Ability to speak and write in English and an additional language fluently and idiomatically. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.