Why Moss Adams? Moss Adams brings more West to business. We’re excited by the greatness of possibility and the extraordinary potential for companies and individuals to prosper. With more than 2,600 professionals across 30-plus locations in the West and beyond, Moss Adams provides the world’s most innovative companies with specialized accounting, consulting, and wealth management services to help them embrace emerging opportunity. Introduction to the team Welcome to the IT Security practice within Moss Adams Advisory Services. We are looking for an IT Security consultant to join our team. IT Security continues to be one of the most in-demand services around and our client’s success is dependent on keeping their customers data secure. This consultant will provide IT consulting and auditing services in addition to IT security assessments, penetration testing / vulnerability scanning, disaster recovery planning assistance, and security compliance auditing. Additionally, our IT consulting practice includes technology assessments, strategic technology planning, process reengineering, organizational assessments, and system selection. Responsibilities Excellent verbal and written communication skills Outstanding client service skills (internal and external) Attention to detail and accuracy Analytical and creative problem solving skills Team player and deadline oriented Ability to multi-task and set priorities in a fast-paced environment Qualifications Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience required; major in business, finance, accounting or information systems preferred 2 years of experience in Information Technology, demonstrating a steady growth of skills & responsibility required Network administrator level of working knowledge in network and infrastructure security required CISA, CISM, CISSP certification or comparable IT security accreditation preferred MCSE, MCTIP, CCNA, GSEC/GIAC, ITIL or comparable accreditation preferred Working knowledge of PCI DSS audits preferred Working knowledge of network infrastructure, network administration, network vulnerability assessment, and penetration testing preferred Ability to travel up to 50%. Less in West Coast office locations. Moss Adams is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law.