Los Angeles, California Recruiting In 2018, Netflix will spend billions of dollars on telling global stories to over 130 million members. In order to continue building the best streaming service in the world, Netflix’s Talent Acquisition team is at the forefront of finding the best executives to join our company. It takes a team of exceptional employees, passionately solving tough problems to reach this goal. This Talent Acquisition team is looking for a Market Intelligence Analyst (MIA) to support our rapid hiring. Working closely with Recruiters and Recruiting Researchers, the MIA will be an industry expert, providing in-depth market research and competitive analysis to support the growth of the Content organization. THE ROLE A successful MIA will develop a deep understanding of our business and market trends and provide high-level industry intelligence for the Talent Acquisition team in Los Angeles. This role will support the existing (small and nimble) MIA Team and will focus on collecting, analyzing, and updating data to build out our knowledge of the competitive landscape. THE RESPONSIBILITIES Conduct public research and collect data on competitors in the marketplace and create up-to-date organizational charts and talent maps; Conduct compensation benchmarking and compile concise compensation reports; Prepare and present relevant reports to the Talent Acquisition team covering subjects like company mergers & acquisitions, layoffs, promotions, etc.; Be the eyes and ears to industry news, read the daily trades (Hollywood Reporter, Variety, Deadline, etc.) and provide regular updates to the Talent Acquisition team; Collect, collate, and input data into our Applicant Tracking System and our existing, internal MIA site; Support ad hoc projects, training & development initiatives. REQUIREMENTS BA/BS degree is required. Experience or keen interest in the entertainment industry highly preferred. Ability to make the leap from information to insight. Ability to gather and leverage data to inform and influence decisions. Ability to identify, nurture and help refine compelling ideas and concepts. Connecting the dots when others cannot. Pragmatic, Organized and Detailed. Has a big capacity to both think and 'do'. Flourishes in a 'hands on' role, adding value at different levels. Is strong on detail and highly organized. Pace & Adaptability. Moves at a nice clip and enjoys having multiple projects going at once. Can take charge, change course and get things done within short time frames. THE IDEAL CANDIDATE We are looking for a proactive and critical thinker with a passion for entertainment. The successful candidate will have the ability to process and synthesize complex information effectively and communicate in a concise manner. APPLICATION As part of your application, please include a brief response to the below question: Innovating and risk-taking are important parts of the Netflix culture. What do you think was the biggest risk Netflix has taken as our business has evolved over the years? What should be our next big bet?