About Bill.com Bill.com is the leading business payments network, with 3 million members paying and getting paid over $52 billion per year. Bill.com saves companies more than 50% of the time typically spent on financial back-office operations and helps businesses get paid 3 - 4 times faster by automating end-to-end payment processes. The company is the choice of 4 of the top 10 U.S. banks; leading accounting software providers QuickBooks Online and Xero; and over 50 percent of the top 100 U.S. accounting firms. It is the only business payments solution endorsed by the American Institute of CPAs (AICPA). The recipient of more than 70 awards, Bill.com proudly received multiple PC Magazine's Editor's Choice Awards and CEO René Lacerte was recently recognized as an E &Y Entrepreneur of the Year. Mission: Bill.com moves over $50B per year and we have 10 years worth of customer data. We are leveraging this data to make data driven decisions, and apply data science and machine learning to solve a variety of tough problems. We are in the middle of a large-scale transformation to the public cloud and are developing data pipelines, data warehouse, and machine learning infrastructure in AWS. AWS Data engineers at Bill.com will be responsible for building data pipelines and theinfrastructure to enable data science, data analytics, and machine learning at scale in AWS. Some of the problems we’re currently working on include: detecting payment fraud, extracting semantic data from customer documents, and increasing customer acquisition through advanced analytics. Data engineers will own and build the data platform that makes all of this possible. We have multiple positions available at different levels of seniority. Professional Experience/Background to be successful in this role: 5+ years of experience owning and building data pipelines. Extensive knowledge of data engineering tools, technologies and approaches Ability to absorb business problems and understand how to service required data needs Design and operation of robust distributed systems Proven experience building data platforms from scratch for data consumption across a wide variety of use cases (e.g data science, ML, scalability etc) Demonstrated ability to build complex, scalable systems with high quality Experience with multiple data technologies and concepts such as Airflow, Kafka, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, MapReduce, SQL, NoSQL, and Columnar databases. Experience with specific AWS technologies (such as S3, Redshift, EMR, and Kinesis) a plus Experience in one or more of Java, Scala, python and bash. Expected Outcomes: Design and implement data infrastructure and processing workflows required to support data science, machine learning, BI and reporting in AWS Build robust, efficient and reliable data pipelines consisting of diverse data sources Design and develop real time streaming and batch processing pipeline solutions Own the data expertise and data quality for the pipelines Drive the collection of new data and refinement of existing data sources Identify shared data needs across Bill.com, understand their specific requirements, and build efficient and scalable pipelines to meet various needs Build data stores for feature variables required for machine learning Bill.com Culture: Humble – No ego Fun – Celebrate the moments Authentic – We are who we are Passionate – Love what you do Dedicated – To each other and the customer