Data is central to Twitch’s decision-making process, and analysts are a critical component to evangelize data-driven decision making in all of our operations. As an analyst at Twitch, you will be in on the ground floor with your team, shaping the way product performance is measured, defining what questions should be asked, and scaling analytics methods and tools to support our growing business, leading the way for high quality, high velocity decisions for your team. For this role, we’re looking for a senior data analyst for our Viewer Experience team. The Viewer Experience team’s mission is to help connect Twitch viewers with compelling content from our streamers. Your role on the team is to level up the Viewer Experience stakeholders and guide them towards better decision making from the available data. In a typical week or month, you will be responsible for data instrumentation, dashboard/report building, metrics reviews, a/b test analysis and ad hoc analysis Responsibilities Evangelize data knowledge and insights: manage communications with your stakeholders and other teams, collaborate with both technical and non-technical colleagues to complete data projects and ensure all parties can use the insights to further improve. Deploy solutions that enable internal teams to understand, explore, and analyze Twitch’s business data. Aggressively optimize for impact by focusing on work output that scales well. Maintain a customer-centric focus: strive to be a domain and product expert through data, develop trust amongst your peers and stakeholders, and ensure that your team has access to data to make decisions. Prioritize and execute in the face of ambiguity: work with stakeholders and mentors to distill the problem, adapt your tools to answer complicated questions, and identify the trade-offs between speed and quality of different approaches. Create analytical frameworks to measure team success: partner with cross-functional teams to define success metrics, create approaches to track the data and troubleshoot errors, quantify and evaluate the data, then develop a common language for all colleagues to understand these KPIs Maintain a culture of high quality output and exceptional customer service: effectively communicate at all levels, ensure that work gets done well and on time, respond to unexpected obstacles and reallocate time as necessary. Requirements 4+ years of industry experience in a data role of a relevant field Strong proficiency in SQL, ETL, and data modeling in a business environment with large-scale, complex data sets. Fluency in data analysis, including defining KPIs and communicating about data to inform the success of the business and its features. Comfortable giving definition to ambiguous problems. Can do this independently with limited guidance. Detail-oriented with superior organizational skills. Demonstrated ability to manage and prioritize workload and roadmaps. Analytical Toolkit - You can use different methods to analyze results, including time series analysis, experimental design, and data visualization Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Bonus Points Technical background and programming experience–especially R or Python Statistics knowledge and hypothesis testing experience Experience developing dashboards using d3.js or Tableau Passion about online communities, games, and Twitch Perks Medical, Dental, Vision & Disability Insurance 401(k) Maternity & Parental Leave Flexible PTO Commuter Benefits Amazon Employee Discount Monthly Contribution & Discounts for Wellness Related Activities & Programs (e.g., gym memberships, off-site massages, etc.) Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner Served Daily Free Snacks & Beverages Twitch is the world’s leading video platform and community for gamers, with more than 100 million visitors per month. We connect gamers from around the world by allowing them to broadcast, watch, and chat with each other. Twitch’s live and on-demand video platform forms the backbone of a distribution network for video game broadcasters including pro players, tournaments, leagues, developers and gaming media organizations. Twitch is leading a revolution in gaming culture, turning gameplay into an immersive video experience. Learn more at: http://twitch.tv _We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Twitch. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records_ _._