At Dialpad, we're a team of do-ers. A team that thinks outside the box and when that doesn't work, we reinvent it. We don't settle for the status quo and neither do the things we build. Led by the same minds behind Google Voice, we build products that get businesses talking—whether it's across the hall, street, or country. With $120 million in funding from ICONIQ Capital, Google Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, Scale Ventures and other top VC’s Dialpad attracts top engineers from companies like Microsoft and Google, and every member of our team plays an essential role in creating dynamic products that doesn’t just combine design and mobility but works with you wherever productivity may strike. We are a modern cloud communications service provider, seeking a knowledgeable, enthusiastic Technical Support Representative to help support our Call Center product. You will provide consultative support to customers in the delivery of highly complex support for network elements, platforms, systems, applications ,and services. Responsibilities: Become an expert in our Call Center Product Deliver amazing service and support to our users by providing fast and accurate responses - Handle user inquiries ranging from simple product questions to more complex call routing support issues Troubleshoot technical/customer issues, escalate bug reports, and work cross-functionally to drive issue resolution Maintain or exceed our established service levels and productivity standards Work effectively with a variety of internal teams, including Sales, Engineering, and Product Management Be proactive and identify opportunities for our team to provide better support, educate our users, and scale our support model Take on special projects as needed Qualifications: BA/BS degree preferred Passionate about helping people adopt new and exciting technology 2-3 years of experience in a customer service or other call center-facing role Strong English writing skills; has the ability to write clear and concise answers to address users’ questions and problems Strong verbal communication skills; has the ability to calmly speak to users in a friendly and empathetic manner Self-starter with a strong work ethic and team player mentality Experience in enterprise apps, cloud computing (O365& G Suite) Understanding of basic call routing is an EXTRA PLUS! Requirements: Customer Service & Call Center Support Excellent written and verbal communication skills Previous experience in a client-facing technical role for a product business Experience with call center technology such as IVRs, advanced routing and analytics Previous experience working with Javascript, jQuery and Databases; ideally application development utilizing REST API’s Strong problem-solving, decision-making, and critical-thinking skills - Knowledge of IP Telephony Experience diagnosing QoS issues - Experience with CRMs as an admin or developer is HIGHLY valued About Us Joining our team means collaborating with people that aren’t just passionate about their work but about Argentine tango, musicals, sushi burritos, comic books, country music, table tennis - you name it. Because if you’re going to redefine the status quo, you need a group of people hungry to do more, to see more, and be more than where they started. There’s no idea too crazy and no task too small — we work together to make things we’re proud of. Compensation & Equity Teamwork makes the dream work. We recognize that our dedicated team members are what make our success. That’s why we offer competitive salaries in addition to stock options. Healthcare An apple a day keeps the doctor away, and it doesn’t hurt that we offer 100% paid medical, dental, and vision plans for our employees. Reimbursements We offer a monthly stipend to help cover your cell phone, home internet, and even gym membership costs. Office Meals Bon Appetit! Enjoy catered lunches, free snacks & drinks (both healthy and unhealthy - no judgment!) Location, Location, Location San Francisco Raleigh Vancouver Tokyo Austin San Jose New York. From coast to coast, our offices are nestled in active and growing downtown areas.