Veritiv has an expansive North American network with more than 180 locations, and we do business with more than half of the Fortune 500. We're a big company, but we’re also a new company, shaping our systems and processes to support a successful and sustainable future. We don't just encourage an entrepreneurial spirit, we embody it. Are you looking to join a company where you feel empowered in your work and your job is not just a job, but a path toward a rewarding and successful career? Do you want to be part of a company that customers and suppliers not only want to do business with but need to do business with? If you answered yes, then Veritiv might be the place for you. We encourage you to learn about and apply to Veritiv if you seek a unique work experience, where diverse ideas are met with enthusiasm, and where you can realize your full potential. Position Description Job Summary and Scope: To provide excellent customer service by ensuring that orders are pulled, packaged, converted, shipped, loaded, and received accurately and free from visible damage or defect. Job Responsibilities : Pull, pack, stage, or convert orders for shipment using computer generated work order or verbal instruction from supervisor. Package material for shipment according to shipping requirements and/or customer specified instruction. Ensure that all product/shipping labels are legible. Load or unload trucks making sure that: truck is chocked or otherwise secured before attempting to unload and load the product; truck bed is clear of debris, obstruction, or defect for safe entry/exit; incoming product is free from damage and coincides with packing list or Return Authorization; and freight is properly positioned and secured in the truck. Using locator system put away product that has been received. Assist customers who arrive at the dock to pick up or return merchandise. _Regarding Returns:_ Must have approved Return Authorization (RA) before accepting the product as a return. Verify product returned matches description on approved RA. Call warehouse office for assistance if the customer has returned, but no approved RA. Accurately complete and maintain all forms and records LEGIBLY. Use computer equipment to generate labels, check stock, input data for shipping status, prepare UPS shipments, create shipping manifest, etc. Immediately report safety hazards with equipment or within a facility. Use required Personal Protective Equipment; harness & tether when operating order picker; safety glasses when working with strapping, drill press; gloves when handling coils of steel strapping and large drums; face & neck shield, rubber gloves, rubber apron when working with batteries; all required PPE when responsible for spill cleanup; and safety shoes at all times. Must meet ANSI Z75 standard. Anticipate and prevent accidents. Comply with all safety rules and regulations. Report ALL incidents, accidents, and personal injuries to supervisor. Housekeeping work area assignments must be kept clean and free of debris Other duties as assigned. Qualifications / Knowledge & Experience: High school diploma or GED required. 2+ years working in a warehouse environment. Distribution warehousing experience preferred. Ability to operate a variety of material handling equipment required. Excellent organizational, time management and customer relations skills are required. Strong problem solving abilities and attention to detail required. Familiarity with a computerized warehouse system preferred. Ability to work independently, as well as in a team environment Working Conditions/Physical Requirement : The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Walking/Standing - walk throughout the warehouse to complete customer orders. Stand when operating order picker or reach truck equipment and when operating cutter. Sitting - sit only when driving a sit-down forklift. Lifting - lift items weighing a few ounces up to 150 lbs with assistance. Average lifting would be in the medium to heavy range on a daily basis. Stooping - performed when filling orders or putting away product assigned to floor level locations. May bend at waist. Kneeling - may kneel when filling orders or putting away product assigned to floor level locations. Crouching - on a rare basis. Necessary for all warehouse functions: near acuity (vision clarity at 20’ or less); color vision; field of vision - must be able to see up or down, right or left; pushing and pulling, operating pallet jack, filling orders, packing orders, and handling heavy and lightweight large, bulky items [ i.e. rolls of foam/bubble, kraft wrapping material, cases of toilet paper/towels)]; reaching, extending arms and hands in any direction; handling - seizing, holding, grasping, and turning (or otherwise working with hand(s)); and talking - must be able to communicate with management. coworkers, other departments, and customers. Required as a safety feature in and around the warehouse or driving; far acuity (vision clarity at 20’ or more); depth perception and hearing. The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Inside warehouse facility. Some exposure to weather elements due to open shipping/receiving dock area. Temperature maintenance monitored by roof fans to increase air circulation in hot conditions and overhead heating unit for cold conditions. Must be able to work at elevated heights up to 30 feet. Veritiv is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Individuals seeking employment are considered without regards to race, ethnicity, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, age, disability, gender identity or expression, genetic information, national origin, protected veteran status or any other classification protected by law. Additionally, Veritiv will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with Veritiv’s legal duty to furnish information. If you would like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant, please click here: http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf