Ideal Candidate : A technical-minded analyst with a quantitative background who has a strong desire to help enable business decisions with data. You appreciate the power of a data-driven environment, predictive analytics, and the challenges of working with large datasets! Introduction to the team: Wayfair Analytics is the engine that powers an enterprise obsessed with data. We move fast, iterating quickly on big business problems. We work smart, applying technology to accelerate unlocking insights and providing outsized value to our customers. We swing big, knowing our customers won’t benefit from micro optimizations. We treat data as a resource; making information globally accessible and eliminating silos. If you want to join a team with these traits in their DNA, read on. A platform developer works to improve the core datasets and processing architecture of the Wayfair BI platform, partnering with every other team in Business Intelligence – such as Marketing, Operations, or Web Analytics - to help them achieve their goals. Whether building complex data pipelines in Spark, optimizing OLAP cubes, or developing internal analytic tools you will be working with cutting edge technology and multi-terabyte datasets. Core skills include Python, SQL, Powershell, Git and shell scripting. At their core, Business Intelligence Platform Developers at Wayfair are strong in technical abilities with the business acumen to understand where they can deliver the greatest value. They think critically to tackle complex challenges, thrive in a fast-paced environment and are seeking a high-growth opportunity where they will have an immediate impact on day one. Responsibilities: Consulting with BI stakeholders to guide the development of analytics infrastructure Designing and building a modern data infrastructure in SQL, Python, and other technologies to process terabytes of data Working with several large and complex SQL, Hadoop, and Vertica databases Building distributed ETL systems across a range of platforms and technologies Working to optimize and scale reporting technologies such as Tableau and OLAP Cubes Qualifications: BA/BS with strong academic record, ideally in Economics, a quantitative social science, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Physics etc. 0-3 years of experience in a quantitative role Experience with SQL and either Python or R Excellent interpersonal and team building skills Positive, people-oriented, and energetic attitude Analytical, creative, and innovative approach to solving problems About Wayfair Inc. Wayfair believes everyone should live in a home they love. Through technology and innovation, Wayfair makes it possible for shoppers to quickly and easily find exactly what they want from a selection of more than 10 million items across home furnishings, décor, home improvement, housewares and more. Committed to delighting its customers every step of the way, Wayfair is reinventing the way people shop for their homes - from product discovery to final delivery. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair, an online destination for all things home Joss & Main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings AllModern, unbelievable prices on everything modern Birch Lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor Perigold, unparalleled access to the finest home décor and furnishings Wayfair generated $5.2 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended March 31, 2018. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 8,700 people.