Role Summary: BHGE diverse product and services portfolio is managed by various Product line management teams operated within one of its four product companies (or P\\\L). While Product Companies focus on delivering products directly to our customers. BHGE Enterprise Functional organizations focus on building technologies, methods and practices tying whole BHGE as a single cohesive enterprise. Essential Responsibilities: The role posted is under Enterprise Technology organization, and the person selected will be a member of BHGE Enterprise Digital Engineering team, driving the use of digital technologies and methods across engineering functions within product companies. The person selected will be an influential Enterprise Leader championing the cause of use of digital methods and technologies for managing Product Configuration & Variability. In the role of Principal Enterprise Architect, you will: Be the thought leader on product configuration management philosophies, methods and technologies Define and drive the Enterprise-wide vision and strategy for BHGE product configuration and variability management leveraging the digital technologies Partner with Product Line Managers, Product Company Digital Leaders & Digital Technology Program Managers to develop an Enterprise roadmap for implementing digital methods and technologies for managing product configuration \\\ variability Provide leadership oversight, guidance & support as roadmap is executed across BHGE Define a global common framework and business process model that encompass on efficient and effective approaches using digital technologies for product configuration & variability management Guide Product Structure and hierarchy management tailored to specific product line, leveraging where beneficial System Engineering principles Drive product rationalization through part standardization & classification across the company with the efficient use of digital technologies Define the enterprise logical and physical data model\\\architecture for Product Configuration & variability tying CRM, PLM, ERP & MES Train, coach and mentor BHGE staff and various teams on the topic. As a subject matter and domain expert, speak at various seminars & conferences on behalf of BHGE Not only able to articulate the value of product configuration to senior product line leadership, but also be able to define measurable KPIs and metrics to demonstrate value overtime Qualifications/Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, either mechanical, electrical, or related discipline from an accredited college or university Minimum 7 years of experience in industrial product design & management. Must have experience with either or all: Engineer-to-order (ETO), Configure-to-Order (CTO) Assemble-to-order (ATO), Make-to-order (MTO) and Make-to-stock (MTS) product management strategies Minimum 3 years of experience with Digital Product Configuration & Variability Management Technologies. Must have experience with product variability managed across lifecycle within PLM and\\\or ERP Desired Characteristics: Master’s Degree from an accredited college or university preferred. Extensive experience in Product line Management and leadership role in Oil & Gas industry Experience in leading and\\\or as Subject Matter Expert in implementing digital tools like Rulestream, Teamcenter, SAP, etc. CMII certification, Six Sigma and\\\or Lean Strong English communication skills (written and verbal), analytical and problem-solving skills Strong interpersonal, people & technical leadership skills. Proven abilities to communicate complex topics to leaders and peers in a simple, clear, plan oriented manner Ability to lead teams and work in cross functional team environment. Demonstrated work in Matrix Organizations DTR About Us: Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE:BHGE) is the world’s first and only fullstream provider of integrated oilfield products, services and digital solutions. Drawing on a storied heritage of invention, BHGE harnesses the passion and experience of its people to enhance productivity across the oil and gas value chain. BHGE helps its customers acquire, transport and refine hydrocarbons more efficiently, productively and safely, with a smaller environmental footprint and at lower cost per barrel. Backed by the digital industrial strength of GE, the company deploys minds, machines and the cloud to break down silos and reduce waste and risk, applying breakthroughs from other industries to advance its own. With operations in over 120 countries, the company’s global scale, local know- how and commitment to service infuse over a century of experience with the spirit of a startup – inventing smarter ways to bring energy to the world. Follow Baker Hughes, a GE company on Twitter @BHGECo, or visit us at BHGE.com. GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Locations: United States; Texas; Houston GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening.