The Sr. Business Intelligence Architect position is key in the EDMA organization to enable our report users and developers to efficiently build reports and perform analyses that leads to efficient decisions while performing business processes. In addition to this, the new Data-warehouse modernization and its associated activities will require this individual to architect the entire Business Intelligence platform to align with the modernization roadmap. This includes capacity planning, upgrades, administration, security design, scheduling, executive dashboards, data mart access design, and advanced analytics in accordance with the industry best practices. This position will assist in the efficient development of business intelligence reports using Cognos and its tools. This position will work with businesses to solve the most complex business needs and requirements. This position will lead multiple initiatives simultaneously. Job Responsibilities: Meet with the business team and executives to understand and architect new BI solutions Architect and Design BI solutions by working with the EDMA solution and the data architects, governance team, and the development team. This also involves architecting Cognos design and administration so they are aligned with the Data-warehouse modernization activities. Oversees the BI platform production support, enhancements, and maintenance. This involves modification of the layers in Cognos to be in sync with the database changes due to additional functional requirements, performance tuning, scheduling jobs, resolving issues, and concerns. Ensure compliance with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. Complete all required compliance training. Maintain knowledge of and adhere to Flagstar's internal compliance policies and procedures. Take responsibility to keep up to date with changing regulations and policies. Job Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree is required preferably in Information Systems or Business Administration, Master’s Degree is preferred. 8 to 10 years of design and build experience using Cognos platforms. This includes framework modeling, Cognos administrator, security design, data mart modeling, understanding of ETL, performance tuning, and dashboard and report design and development. 3-5 years’ experience with Cognos framework manager 3-5 years’ experience with Cognos upgrades, capacity planning, advising on architectural requirements for Cognos platforms, and Cognos security design and integration with AD and advanced schedulers like Tidal, installation, patching, failover, disaster recovery, and troubleshooting. 2-3 years’ experience with Relational and dimensional data modeling and SQL The candidate should be skilled with the following tool sets: Cognos (Framework modeling, cubes (Transformer), dashboards using Report Studio, Analysis Studio, Query Studio, PowerPlay Studio, Active reporting, event studio) Cognos administrator Dimensional and data mart modeling and design Experience with the Atomic and Dimensional modeling that are parts of the concepts of Data-warehouse and Data Marts Experience in advanced analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence is a plus The following certifications are preferred: IBM Certified Developer – Cognos 10/11 BI Metadata Models IBM Certified Designer – Cognos 10 / 11 BI Reports IBM Certified Designer – Cognos Framework modeling 10 / 11 Strong experience with Cognos administration that includes support, installation for upgrades and patches, and capacity planning Cognos Framework modeling Cognos security, Cognos integration with advanced scheduler tools like Tidal or equivalent tools Proven skills of architecting business intelligence reporting solutions using Cognos that includes Cognos security design, integration with AD, and database level security Cognos analytical studio to design and develop multi-dimensional cubes for the business community Proven experience solving complex business data needs and requirements independently Strength in leading multiple initiatives simultaneously Skilled with Cognos dashboard and report design, event studio, Report studio, active reporting, and UI customization Relational and dimensional data modeling, and SQL query writing Strong experience presenting to executives to understand requirements and architect solutions Ability to influence the support and use of Cognos Ability to train the business users on Cognos and the solutions deployed in Cognos Internal Use Only: Band D