Overview The System Director of Data Science and Advanced Analytics will develop and lead Fairview’s enterprise advanced analytics practice. As we transform towards being a data-driven organization, this leader will be responsible for maturing and enabling Fairview’s computational and advanced analysis approaches (e.g., statistical, datamining, artificial intelligence, various other methodologic approaches) to solve business problems, as appropriate. Our ability to address a number of important healthcare challenges is highly dependent upon developing and expanding these capabilities. This leader will establish and mature a data science and advanced analytics practice, advise on the roadmap to support advanced analysis methodologies and technologies, and provide advanced analysis consultative services to various analytic, technology and business functions. This individual will also play a key role in increasing the use of experimental design and evaluation approaches to generate validated insights, addressing “big data” challenges associated with healthcare data, identifying and augmenting internal and external data sources, and contributing to the maturation of the overall analytics practice to provide increasingly insightful and predictive capabilities including analytic team development. Responsibilities/Job Description This leader will partner with various data customers, organizational leaders and project teams. This position requires advanced knowledge of the healthcare industry, data governance and stewardship, biomedical terminologies, and the analytic needs and challenges in healthcare. In creating and adapting solutions, this leader and their team will work closely with technology and analysis team(s) to enable and determine optimal delivery mechanisms for associated insights along the data to knowledge and insight continuum. Qualifications Required Education PhD or Master’s Degree with equivalent skills, expertise, and experience in informatics, data science, computer science, public health, biostatistics or statistics, or related degree program Expert level of knowledge, skills, and training in statistical, datamining, and other advanced data science techniques including evaluation considerations. Expert level of knowledge, skills, and training in multiple analytic tools, languages, platforms and computational techniques/considerations needed to lead a data science and advanced analytics function for a healthcare organization. Experience At least eight years of previous related data experience, preferably in a provider (healthcare delivery) environment. Minimum 4 years leadership, preferably in data analytics, data science, computer science, or information technology. At least 4 years of analyzing and communicating complex data and information with business stakeholders including senior leaders in a simple, understandable, relevant, and actionable manner. At least two years of project/program leadership and a clear understanding of project management life cycle.