Albertsons-Safeway Company is one of the largest food and drug retailers with 2,300+ stores. The Albertsons-Safeway family of brands includes some of the most prominent brands in food retailing, with a growing base of loyal shoppers. Thanks to the professionalism, diversity, spirit and friendliness of our people, we have locations across the U.S. The Information Technology Department has an opening for an Information Security Analyst in the Cyber Response Center (CRC). This position is located in Pleasanton, California. Key Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Engage in computer security incident response activities and the technical investigations of security-related incidents. Participate in team function areas of Cyber Incident Response, Operations/ Analysis, Threat Intel and Hunting. Provide hands on response and constant improvement in technology IR areas of: AV, EDR, Proxies, IDS/IPS, SIEM, FW, APP FW, UBA, Network Analytics, Logging, MSSP, FIM, Metrics, Email protection etc. Provide hands on based input of vendor proposals, new and existing security designs, and emerging security technologies and systems. Build relationships with corporate technology experts and business leaders Provide technical expertise and support to clients, IT management and staff in the implementation of security/protection technologies and network systems/applications. Work on Tier 1, 2 and 3 monitoring/response tasks in varying roles. Constantly improve and maintain team cohesion. Write reports and metrics to communicate team accomplishments and security status of various incidents Participate in activities such as Table Tops, Assessments, Compliance/Remediation, Awareness, Consulting etc. Qualifications: BS/MS in Computer Science/Information Security or BS/MS and relevant experience in Information Security. 3+ years of technical experience in the security aspects of multiple platforms, operating systems, software, communications and network protocols or an equivalent combination of education and work experience. Current SANS, ISC2, and/or other security certifications preferred. 2+ years experience in one or more of the following: Technical Safeguards (EndPoint Protection, encryption/decryption of electronic transmissions, network segmentation, POS), Administrative Safeguards (security policy and procedures) 2+ years experience in 2 or more of the following: security event monitoring technologies and processes, PKI and encryption key management, data loss prevention, endpoint security, enterprise anti-malware, web application and database monitoring, vulnerability scanning and remediation, host intrusion prevention, or incident response. Familiarity and working knowledge of Unix/Linux and Windows host operating systems and security capabilities Ability to rapidly learn and apply advanced and emerging technical security principles, theories, and concepts. Strong knowledge of enterprise IT concepts, processes, and priorities. Exceptional analytical ability, communication and project management skills, and the ability to work effectively with clients, IT management and staff, vendors and consultants. How to Apply: Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume by visiting careersatsafeway.com Diversity is fundamental at Albertsons-Safeway. We foster an inclusive working environment where the different strengths and perspectives of each employee is both recognized and valued. We believe that building successful relationships with our customers and our communities is only possible through the diversity of our people. A diverse workforce leads to better teamwork and creative thinking, as well as mutual understanding and respect _._ The Albertsons-Safeway policy is to provide employment, training, compensation, promotion and other conditions of employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, medical condition, marital status or any other legally protected status. We support a drug-free workplace - all applicants offered a position are required to pass a pre-employment drug test before they are hired. AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER