Who we are At Criteo, we connect 1.4 billion active shoppers with the things they need and love. Our technology takes an algorithmic approach to determining what user we show an ad to, when, and for what products. Our dataset is about 45 petabytes in Hadoop (more than 90 TB extra per day) and we take less than 10ms to respond to an ad request. This is truly big data and machine learning without the buzzwords. If scale and complexity excite you, join us. We are looking for a highly motivated Data Scientist to contribute to the development of our ML algorithms , with a passion for the digital ecosystem. The ideal candidate will have an extensive experience in analyzing large data sets, with outstanding skills to identify and quantify opportunities for optimizations. You must thrive in a start-up environment, be proactive, detail oriented and eager to learn and keep-up with an evolving product landscape. Experience in building machine learning models is a plus. Responsibilities Build and improve Prediction Models Gather and analyze data Identify key prediction problems and propose innovating solutions Report, visualize and communicate results Contribute to the exploration and creation of new scientific understanding (monitoring, new metrics) What your will bring to this role BS/MS in Data analysis and modeling or related Data Scientist role. 5+ years of experience in software industry and a passion for technology. Strong analytical background (Mathematics/ Machine Learning) Computer Science background with 6 months- 1 year of programming experience in Python or another language (C, Java, C++ or other scripting languages are all good) At Criteo, we dare to be different. We believe that diversity fuels innovation and creates an energy that can be seen and felt all over Criteo. We champion different perspectives and are committed to creating a workplace where all Criteos are heard, feel a sense of belonging, and are treated with respect and dignity. Criteo collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Criteo's recruitment related activities. Consequently, Criteo may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants. Your information will be accessible to the different Criteo entities across the world. By clicking the "Apply" button you expressly give your consent.