Country Place Mortgage , founded in 1995 and a subsidiary of Cavco Industries, Inc., is a national lender providing a wide variety of financing options for purchasers of manufactured homes. Cavco Industries, Inc. was founded in 1965 and is a fast growing publicly traded company that is disrupting the manufactured home industry. Headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, Cavco is a leading designer and builder of manufactured homes, modular homes, commercial buildings, park model RV’s, and vacation cabins. The company’s insurance group, Standard Casualty , offers a wide range of insurance products for manufactured home owners. Country Place Mortgage , is a seller and servicer of mortgages for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, an FHA authorized lender, and a Ginnie Mae mortgage-backed securities issuer. Our employees are our biggest asset and play an integral role in meeting the needs of our customers. Come be part of a team offering many opportunities to utilize your talents in an atmosphere that supports and encourages you to realize your full potential. Come share in helping people to realize their dreams by having the opportunity to own a home! Come share our story and be part of building something amazing! Country Place Mortgage is currently looking for a Database Administrator to work at our office located in Addison, TX. Responsible for designing, building, administering, and maintaining Oracle databases. Must be able to perform daily administration of database systems to prevent outages and plan for optimized system resource utilization. Position will contribute to architectural direction and provide the expertise for design and performance of the database structures, assist with database performance tuning, database capacity issues, replication and other distributed data issues. A strong understanding of SQL standards, diagnostics and performance tuning is a must. Responsibilities: Build and support of Oracle databases on Linux based systems Perform evaluation, modification and integration functions associated with vendor supplied database software Ensure business continuity by developing and implementing highly available database systems and database recovery plans and procedures Serve as a resource to less experienced team members on escalated issues of a routine nature Support Oracle Database and WebLogic Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree or comparable industry experience 2+ years Oracle database experience Experience with database support in IaaS or PaaS preferred In-depth understanding of database tools and utilities, as well as highly developed SQL and database performance tuning skills Knowledge of computer hardware, SAN/NAS and networking Verbal and written communication skills, problem solving skills, customer service and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and manage ones time Loan origination/servicing support experience helpful but not mandatory _Cavco Industries is committed to providing equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or any other protected status with respect to recruitment, hiring, promotion and other terms and conditions of employment. Disclaimer: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by associates assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. All personnel may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed._