JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2 trillion and operations in more than 60 countries. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers, small business and commercial banking, financial transaction processing, asset management, and private equity. The Corporate Technology (CT) organization develops applications and provides technology support for corporate functions across JPMorgan Chase, including Global Finance, Corporate Treasury, Risk Management, Human Resources, Compliance, Legal, and all functions within the Corporate Administrative Office (CAO). CT teams are aligned with corporate partners’ evolving technology needs and the firm’s ever expanding technology controls agenda. A top CT priority is building scalable corporate systems. Teams focus on: Responding to the evolving regulatory environment and helping to meet the firm’s regulatory commitments by addressing internal and external commitments Advancing the firm’s Roadmap programs - Single Sourcing of data, Architecture Convergence, and Rationalization of Platforms Adopting industry leading technologies to support best-in-class business capabilities for high performance computing and data storage solutions Driving innovation across the firm’s corporate technology portfolio, increasing efficiencies through process automation, and Agile application development, with an emphasis on user experience and shorter development cycles Investing in security & controls for cyber, access/entitlements uplift, data protection and application resiliency Legal Technology (LT) is part of Corporate Technology’s Control Systems & Legal Technology organization, which delivers technology solutions to support Legal as they advise the business on applicable laws, regulations and rules that govern our business globally, and assess and measure compliance and related risks, and monitor and test the adequacy of the firm's compliance control environment. Legal Technology is the steward for the design, build and management for the firm’s Legal Technology portfolio across all Lines of Business and global regions. Legal Technology is responsible for partnering with our clients on evolving business capabilities, improving end user experience with our solutions and services, and ensuring that we continue to provide continuous improvement on the systems that are relied upon across the firm. Legal Technology supports legal functions covering Matter & Spend Management, eDiscovery Platform Services, Knowledge Management and Lifecycle Management. This Lead Engineer position will be primarily responsible for Lega's Data Repository/Reservoir, Reporting & Analytics development within JP Morgan’s Legal Technology. Responsibilities will include architecture, design, construction, testing, optimization and deployment of an enterprise class Data Reservoir platform for the Corporate Legal department leveraging best-in-class technologies including but not limited to Oracle, Informatica, QlikView, Tableau, Business Objects as well as advanced analytics tools (e.g. Python, R etc.). The Lead Engineer will need to lead & work effectively with a globally distributed team of developers & product owners/stakeholders to implement an enterprise class data repository enabling reporting & analytics solutions on top of the JPMC Legal data. Overall, the ideal candidate for this position will be highly skilled in building data reservoir & data warehouse/data mart platforms, reporting methodologies, data manipulation & analytics tools & techniques and also have expertise in the visualization and presentation of enterprise data. Expertise in data management discipline and methodologies as well as exposure & knowledge of advanced analytics/data science skills(e.g. Python/R) will be beneficial to for this key role. Responsibilities Plans, architects, designs, analyses, develops, codes, tests, debugs and documents data & analytics platforms to satisfy business requirements for large, complex Data Reservoir/Data Warehouse, Reporting & Analytics & development within JP Morgan’s Legal Technology Lead and perform database level tuning and optimization in support of application development teams on an ad-hoc basis. Analyses business and data requirements to support the implementation of application’s full functionality Contributes to high level functional design used across all Reporting & Analytics applications based on system build and knowledge of business needs Collaborates with fellow team members and keeps the team and other key stakeholders well informed of progress of application business features being developed Skills & Experience 6+ years of experience with demonstrated knowledge in the design & development of Oracle based data reservoir/data lake/data mart platform. 4+ years of expert level experience in data ingestion tools and techniques including ETL & ELT methodologies . 3+ Experience in one or more of the reporting/visualization tools (QlikView, Tableau or Business Objects) will be a plus Working proficiency in a selection of software engineering disciplines and demonstrates understanding of overall software skills including business analysis, development, testing, deployment, maintenance and improvement of software. Strong communication skills with demonstrated experience coordinating development cycles and project management. Self-starter that can work alone and as part of a global team Works well with others and understands the importance of the team Exceptional data analysis skills and problem solving ability Knowledge of advanced analytics tools & methodologies (Python, R etc.) Experience with statistical analysis and predictive modelling skills – a plus