ABOUT HESS CORPORATION Hess is a leading international independent energy company engaged in the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas. We have an industry leading position in two key U.S. shale plays – the Bakken in North Dakota and the Utica in Ohio. Hess is also one of the largest producers in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and a key natural gas producer and supplier to Peninsular Malaysia and Thailand. The company is engaged in exploration and appraisal activities offshore Guyana, participating in one of the industry’s largest oil discoveries in the past decade, as well as the Gulf of Mexico, Suriname and Nova Scotia. Hess aims to attract, retain and energize the best people by investing in their professional development and providing them with challenging and rewarding opportunities for personal growth. We are always looking for talented professionals who share our values and are passionate about making a difference in the world and in their careers. We strive to meet the highest standards of corporate citizenship by protecting the health and safety of our employees, safeguarding the environment and creating a long-lasting, positive impact on the communities where we do business. For more information about Hess Corporation, please visit our website at Hess.com. POSITION SUMMARY The Sr. Advisor Applied Data Analytics is accountable for leading all of Hess’ Data Analytics functional discipline authorities under Hess’ assurance framework. This Houston-based position reports to the Chief Technology Officer with oversight from the Senior Level Steering Team. The position will both oversee and optimize the application of data analytics across the business. The key internal interfaces include data analytics practitioners and discipline experts/heads of Geoscience, Reservoir Engineering, Drilling, Completions, Production, Facilities, IT as well as Asset Vice Presidents. ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES Develop/lead strategic vision in the application of data analytics across the enterprise Be a change agent for Digital Enablement and driving maturation of data analytics practice and community Identify and prioritize highest value data analytics opportunities Work collaboratively across disciplines and teams - drive optimal solutions and improve standard work Work with subject matter experts including engineers and geoscientists to frame solutions to complex problems using data science techniques. Champion appropriate use of machine learning and statistical methods as an effective means to decision making and automation Create data driven solutions that provide structure, assist in the decision-making process, and facilitate automation Periodically evaluate existing models to insure continued effectiveness Assess capabilities and create training materials and provide mentoring - delivers formal and informal sessions to increase awareness and utilization of quantitative methods for evaluating data and decision making Assist in the evaluation of tools for doing visual and quantitative analysis, as well as tools and techniques for deploying predictive and prescriptive solutions Effectively communicate recommendations to stakeholders and management Provide technical assurance (Level 1) for approach, design and results of data analytics solutions Design analytics experiments using systematic scientific approach Define business requirements for IT and technical resources Guide and review development of analytics solutions Mathematically interpret model results and performance and translate into business value Survey and incorporate advances in the field to enable improvement Advancements in applied data analytics methods and computational methods Advancements in computational technology Leverage external suppliers to improve capability and increase efficiency. QUALIFICATIONS Experience Minimum of 10 years’ experience in Oil & Gas Operations Comprehensive understanding of core principles of Upstream / E&P Minimum of 5 years’ experience in advanced applied data analytics and machine learning Proven knowledge in big data scripting languages and statistical software Ability to work with Agile methodology Demonstrated ability to develop novel approaches complex problems/data analysis Experience in workflow optimization that facilitates the capture of quality data and application of analysis techniques that create value Education, Training & Certifications Bachelor degree in either Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Statistics or equivalent required Post graduate qualification preferred Competencies The Hess Way of Working refers to competencies considered absolute pre- requisites for success. How you deliver results is as important as what you achieve. Every employee is expected to demonstrate the behaviors within these competencies to be considered an effective performer and, ultimately, earn career growth opportunities. Thinks Strategically Demonstrates Courage Builds Trusted Relationships Inspires Innovation Drives Continuous Improvement Delivers High Performance Makes Quality Decisions Creates Effective Teams Develops Talent Posting Notes: Anthony Wayne Vasut | Employee | Economics & Planning | United States| Texas | Houston | | | | | No | 23786