Join a team recognized for leadership, innovation and diversity The Enterprise Services Computer and Connectivity Platform Organization designs, implements and operates a state of the art Information Systems Infrastructure serving around 130,000 employees, in over 1,300 locations across 70 plus countries. We work with the latest and emerging technologies to deliver scalable, high performing, always available infrastructure services around the world. We deliver services that connects, hosts, virtualizes, stores, collaborates, integrates, computes, and transacts business solutions that utilize private and public clouds, BIG data, automation, overlay networks and all variants of “as a Service”. We support voice, video and data on a single, consolidated global network, enabling our employees, partners and customers to collaborate and do business securely and efficiently, in real time, anywhere, anytime with any device, delivering solutions with dynamic bandwidth and scalable computing power. The Voice Architect position within the Connectivity team is a key player in strategy and design development, as well as ensuring implementation and supportability of the Honeywell voice infrastructure across all sites globally. You will function as the SME (Subject Matter Expert) for developing contemporary voice solutions that seamlessly integrate traditional and legacy technologies with emerging and cutting edge capabilities and functionality using VoIP (Voice over IP), including consolidated Voice, Video and Data networks, On Premise and Hosted VoIP, IP PBX, SIP, IPT, SBC, Dynamic Codec’s, CTI, Enhanced and E-911. This role will: Document and publish voice technology capabilities and functionality roadmaps Identify optimization and automation opportunities, develop rollout and upgrade plans Assess and revise existing voice standards and configurations, Participate in ‘Go-Live’ support of any design deployment and transition into operational steady state. Prepare, review, and approve Change Management requests Provide technical and business input for IT infrastructure projects related to voice and data networking, and related technologies. Understand and support global voice technology needs and directions. Participate in large scale, multi-functional projects, including product development, merger and acquisition, and divestiture activities, with an open and creative mindset focused on delivering business solutions. Act as a technical advisor with businesses and work seamlessly with internal teams, supplier partners, end-users, and solution providers to ensure processes and tools are in place and/or are followed to meet business needs and support the environment. Analyze business processes, and assess business needs to assist with the development and deployment of voice services and solutions. Provide compliance and support for regulation controlled systems. Ensure service levels are defined, effective, measured and reported Continuously evaluate service levels and ensure results are oriented to customer satisfaction. Drive services improvements via metrics, root cause analysis, problem management Coordinate efforts and technical support for multiple suppliers. Partner with multiple suppliers to deliver end to end services under established SLAs. Mentor different team members in areas of expertise. 20 Transition traditional and legacy voice solutions to contemporary voice standards 20 Integrate Unified Communication/Omni Channels/Contact Centers/Data Networking/Cloud 20 Ensure compatibility with SDN, Network Function Virtualization, Network Segmentation 20 Develop and evolve modern Voice service architectures 20 Deliver solutions that are highly available, redundant, fault tolerant and diverse YOU MUST HAVE Bachelors’ Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or other Information Technology field 8+ years’ IT Infrastructure experience securing, operating and supporting Voice and Networking services with a strong focus on IP networking technologies supporting voice, video and data networks 2+ years’ experience with outsourced and hosted 3rd party service providers 2+ years’ experience supporting international, global and multi-national networks with over 100 sites WE VALUE Experience trouble shooting and problem resolution skills in working with complex networks Hands on experience and expertise with the following voice and networking technologies including but not limited to: Cisco UccX, Skype for Business, Avaya, Oracle SBC/ECB, SIP Trunks, Toll Bypass, IVRs, CTI CCNA, CCIE, and related accredited certifications highly preferred Extensive communication abilities Strong data analytical skills Team player working in an international, virtual, distributed and multi-culture team Possesses a record of execution against aggressive timelines Creative paradigm-breaker capable of delivering contemporary and emerging network solutions Consistent and disciplined approach to support global corporations Ability to deliver on challenging commitments Familiar with business/location/regional legal regulations Familiar with Agile (Scrum) project methodologies ITIL and Six Sigma certification Exempt How Honeywell is Connecting the World INCLUDES Continued Professional Development 1st Shift ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Job ID: HRD27464 Category: Information Technology Location: 1300 W Warner Rd., Tempe, AZ 85284 USA Honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.