Job Requisition Number: 68136 Bloomberg's CTO Office is looking for a senior network architect experienced in the design of networks supporting complex software infrastructure and business systems. This is a position for the serious network architect who will be responsible for designing, developing, and deploying robust and scalable networks for multiple lines of business comprising the vast offerings of data and analytics on the Bloomberg platform and reaching customers worldwide. This is a unique opportunity to influence one of the most ubiquitous and influential focused products in the financial marketplace. The ideal candidate must possess extensive experience in architecting highly scalable, robust, and flexible network infrastructure. We are seeking a technology leader who has a background with extensive hands-on development, experience with the management of project execution and product ownership. This individual should have experience designing networks for modern web-scale data centers, proven track record of implementing network automation, working with compute and storage teams, and is an expert in underlying network protocols. You'll need to partner with, and be a driver across, engineering teams, business units, and policy leaders to architect the evolution of our network design. Demonstration of excellent communication skills, creative problem solving, and strong passion is a must. You must be a team player with proven success on achieving aggressive deadlines. You'll be responsible for: Leading the development of a comprehensive vision for Bloomberg's data center and WAN network infrastructure architecture. Developing a strategic implementation plan for evolving the core Bloomberg network. Partner with the CTO Compute Architecture team to develop a private cloud, microservices, cloud native and hybrid cloud architectures. Partner with the CTO Security Architecture team to develop a comprehensive strategy for information security at various levels (network, middle ware, application). Working with the best and brightest people in the financial space to bring cutting edge Bloomberg data and analytics to our customers. You'll need to have: A distinguished and proven track record of successfully achieving high-profile business goals. Strong and effective communicator. Able to gain consensus in situations with different needs & objectives. A track record of building collaborative relationships with stakeholders across multiple technological and business functions. We'd love to see: Experience developing, architecting, deploying and operationalizing highly available, high volume network services. Experience developing and deploying network automation. Strong knowledge of network protocols and technologies. Prior experience in large installations of heterogenous technologies. Understanding of Firewalls and different implementations from Palo Alto Networks, Checkpoint, Juniper, and Foritnet. Network routing and virtualization technologies: BGP, ISIS, GRE, MPLS, VXLAN, IPSEC, etc. Knowledge of multicast technologies is a plus. Exposure to financial markets is a plus.