Job Description Cloud-connected Feature Engineer We bring engineering ideas to life. In Product Development, we make driving more exciting, enjoyable and sustainable. Ford’s Safety Electronics team designs and develops hardware and functional models that provide Best in Class behavior for features like Adaptive Cruise Control, Automatic Emergency Braking, Cross Traffic Alert, Active Park Assist and 360 Camera Systems. We are seeking seasoned professionals who can contribute to our efforts with experience in the development of sensors, ECUs, models and software. This position focuses on lead engineering and development of cloud-connected functions for headway features. Responsibilities : Responsible for feature ownership within Ford Motor Company, including: Develop and refine use cases and functional level requirements & targets for cloud-connected functionality of headway features. Develop core algorithms to achieve desired functionality. Synthesize & aggregate geographically distributed data in support of feature use cases. Develop and refine functional safety requirements, item definition, hazard analysis & risk assessment, and functional safety concept in compliance with ISO-26262 / Ford Functional Safety process. Develop system and subsystem level design, interfaces, and specifications to ensure production feature delivery across the entire range of Ford Motor Company vehicle offerings. Ensure system design, functional safety, and other deliverables allow for seamless integration with existing features and provide a thrilling user experience. Develop and refine design validation methods for ensuring proper feature-level performance across a variety of environmental and cross-carline noise factors. Support sign off of feature level performance, in particular first vehicle line application. Develop data analysis techniques and methods from data generated by both track and real-world validation methods to ensure feature achieves the desired specifications. Closely coordinate with feature development engineers to support execution of design verification plans to ensure proper feature-level performance. Plan and execute real-world evaluations of headway features to identify system problems and issues. Support and coordinate root-cause analysis with internal and external suppliers to ensure delivered system thrills our customers with the user experience. Integrate and configure models & other software packages with a variety of production and other in situ hardware to enable pre-production feature-level verification. Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical, Mechanical, Aerospace, Controls, Computer or Software Engineering 1 year software or algorithm design experience Preferred Qualifications: Experience with ANY of the following areas: crowdsourcing, large data sets, asynchronous data aggregation, or geographically tagged data. Experience with algorithm development (e.g., deep neural networks, gradient descent, maximum likelihood estimation, k-means or others) Experience with GPS / GNSS systems including inertial navigation system development Understanding of embedded hardware and software design. Understanding of Kalman filtering, vehicle dynamics, linear & nonlinear control methods. Software engineering & algorithm development experience. Any development time in any language (C, C++, Python, Matlab, etc.) Experience with “Big data” analysis tools (e.g.,Tableau, Alteryx, QlikView, etc.) Developing and conducting laboratory and vehicle tests. Data collection and analysis. The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Visa sponsorship may be available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.