Braintree builds products that make payments easier—so easy that they fade into the background, making entirely new kinds of interactions possible. Interactions like seamlessly paying for your ride share -- or the condo you rented this weekend -- without presenting a card or pressing a button, or buying a lamp on Pinterest...right from Pinterest. The Braintree full-stack payment platform lets companies build their own experiences and then scale their businesses around the globe. We're known for our technology but we're also known for our support, with internal risk and underwriting, account management and technical support teams who ensure a frictionless payments experience. Acquired by PayPal in 2013, Braintree is now in an even greater position to change the way people pay. Headquartered in Chicago, Braintree has offices in San Francisco, New York, Sydney, London with employees stationed around the world. The best talent deserves the best perks. Join the Braintree Team and you’ll get catered lunches, tuition reimbursement, public transit commute reimbursement, and much more! Check us out - Braintree on The Muse ( http://muse.cm/1wWa28H ) | LinkedIn ( https://www.linkedin.com/company/braintree ) | Glassdoor ( http://www.glassdoor.com/Overview/Working-at-Braintree-EI_IE424728.11,20.htm ) | Facebook ( https://www.facebook.com/braintree/?fref=ts ) | Twitter ( https://twitter.com/braintree ) Role Description: We're looking for a highly organized go-getter and problem-solver who wants to delight our customers by delivering accurate and quick assistance while maintaining Braintree’s white-glove service experience. Our Technical Support team provides first-touch support to customers via phone and email. Support teammates, AKA Supportreeps, craft unscripted solutions that are as creative as our merchants’ business ideas, answering questions ranging from “Help! I forgot my password!” to “Help! I need to integrate Braintree into my web store and app and don’t know where to start!” After comprehensive training on Braintree’s products and technical integration methods, this candidate should be excited to play a pivotal role in supporting and maintaining the day-to-day operations of our diverse customer base. Day in the Life: Getting Started: For the first two months, you will be training during the 9a-5p business day and working side-by-side with other Supportreeps to learn the ins-and-outs of Braintree. Answering Inbound Phone Calls and Tickets: Most Supportreeps split their time between taking inbound calls and inbound email tickets from merchants and developers, helping to answer questions about their technical integration, Braintree’s Control Panel, or transactions. Collaborating via Slack, our internal chat tool: We use our Support Slack channel to crowdsource answers to tough questions that come from our merchants and to serve as a technical knowledge hub for other teams. Extras: Once a Supportreep is comfortable in the day-to-day, there are a number of opportunities to contribute to the team and their own development in other ways. This can include facilitating training, shadowing other teams, quality assurance, and making updates to their test Braintree integration. Beyond the day-to-day: Asking Why every day to see how we can help improve the Braintree experience by being product stakeholders and by providing feedback often. Caring a Lot about the merchant experience by providing next-level solutions to merchants and developers through email and phone communication. Solving Together by collaborating daily with peers and other teams in the Braintree ecosystem to answer merchant questions. Requirements: Be someone who believes in Braintree’s Values of Ask Why, Care, A Lot, and Solve Together. Must be a self-starter, self-learner, and have unparallelled resourcefulness. Should feel brave leaping into the unknown and always be able to ask why. Be comfortable with consistent change - agility is key! Be someone who loves swimming in solutions versus problems -- You should be someone who spends less time worrying about the problem and more time focusing on how to solve it. Be a great writer with a keen eye for the nuances of the English language. Love and understanding of technology, whether it be hardware, software, or other emerging technologies. Experience in a role that puts you in direct contact with customers or clients. Possess infinite patience and a desire to turn angry customers into happy ones. The overnight role will work Sunday-Thursday 11p-7a -- but don’t worry, we’ll take great care of you with nightly food, transportation benefits, and fun. We know the confidence gap ( https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2014/05/the-confidence- gap/359815/ ) and imposter syndrome ( https://www.braintreepayments.com/blog/overcoming-imposter-syndrome/ ) can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please don't hesitate to apply. LI-POST