Working Title Library Information Technology Support Specialist SF State University San Francisco State is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against persons on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, age, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, medical condition, National origin, sex, sexual orientation, covered veteran status, or any other protected status. Reasonable accommodations will be provided for qualified applicants with disabilities who self-disclose by contacting the Senior Human Resources Manager. San Francisco State is a 100% Smoke/Vapor-Free Campus. Smoking or Vaping of any tobacco/plant-based substance is not permitted on any University properties. The person holding this position may be considered a "mandated reporter" under the California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and is required to comply with the requirements set forth in CSU Executive Order 1083 as a condition of employment. This position may be a "designated position" in the California State University's Conflict of Interest Code. The successful candidate accepting this position may be required to file Conflict of Interest forms subject to the regulations of the Fair Political Practices Commission. Department Library Appointment Type Temporary: Position will end on or before June 30, 2019. Permanent status may be earned in this position if it is renewed for four years without a break in service in accordance with collective bargaining agreement provisions. Time Base Full-Time (1.0) Work Schedule Tuesday - 11am-7pm Wednesday - 10am -7pm Thursday & Friday - 1pm -10pm Saturday - 12pm-10pm Anticipated Hiring Range $3,750.00 per month ($45,000.00 annually) Salary is commensurate with experience Position Summary Provide hardware and software technical support to Library patrons and/or faculty and staff. Depending on operational need, this position will focus to varying degrees on supporting Library staff and faculty or patrons using the large public computing and study spaces in the Library. Typical duties include setting up, maintaining and troubleshooting hardware and software systems, assisting patrons and/or library staff and faculty to use computer hardware and software systems that support their professional or academic needs, and working at an IT Services Help Desk. Position Information End User Support (E) - Provide direct end-user support for either Library staff and faculty in their offices and work areas or patrons in the Study Commons, Research Commons, Digital Media Studio, or elsewhere in the Library. Assist in the use of computers, software, digital media equipment printers, and other specialized equipment available in the Library. Assist in the use of campus networks and online systems. Assist in the use of specialized technology-enhanced spaces, such as group study and instruction rooms. Work scheduled shifts at one of the IT service desks. Setup, Maintenance, Updates and Other Library IT Projects (E) - Under the direction of unit lead, setup and test new hardware / software and perform routine maintenance and updates on existing hardware and software systems. Assist with other Library IT tasks or projects as assigned. Other duties as assigned AT All Times Demonstrate behaviors that are in line with the User Friendly Principles (PS30C) and Principles of Conduct for a Multi-Cultural University {P30D) Demonstrate safe work practices for oneself, others and the office environment. Minimum Qualifications To enter this classification, a basic foundation of knowledge and skills in technical information systems and application program packages is a prerequisite. This foundation would normally be obtained through a bachelor¿s degree in computer science, information systems, educational technology, communications, or related fields, or similar certified coursework in applicable fields of study. Foundation knowledge and skills for the Information Technology Consultant, depending on the nature of the position assignment, may include working knowledge of common software application packages, equipment platforms, reference database systems and sources, and training methods and a basic understanding of networks, data communication, and multimedia systems. Preferred Qualifications Experience providing end-user technical support for both software and hardware problems, preferably in an academic setting. Experience setting up, maintaining, and troubleshooting large numbers of computers and software applications. Experience working with IT services¿ productivity software, such as ticketing, disk imaging, computer sign on, shift management, and room utilization applications. Strong working knowledge of, and demonstrated ability to troubleshoot problems with, current Windows and Macintosh hardware, operating systems, common software applications, scanners, printers, projectors and copiers. Ability to communicate clearly with non-technical users as well as with IT staff in a dynamic team environment where projects and priorities can change quickly. Ability to accurately document problems patrons encounter with Library technology and related services and to effectively communicate those problems to the appropriate library staff and faculty. Ability to apply consultative skills to assess user needs and provide appropriate support. Ability to perform system, database, and network maintenance tasks and to use standard software packages. Experience working with an Integrated Library System. Experience with basic web tools, scripting, and data integration. Experience working with, or setting up server-based applications on windows and Linux servers. Knowledge of digital video and audio hardware and software, such as Final Cut Pro and the Adobe Creative Suite. Knowledge of specialized academic software, such as SPSS, Mathematica, and ARC GIS. Core Competencies ¿ embody the following competencies: Bias toward collaboration and teamwork. Effective oral, written and nonverbal communication skills. Customer/Client Focus with an emphasis in problem solving and resolution. Personal effectiveness and credibility as demonstrated by interpersonal and professional confidence. Diversity and inclusion. Environmental/Physical/Special Regularly scheduled evening and weekend hours may be required. Must be able to work 6-7 hours a day at a computer. May be required to move or lift 15-45 pounds on occasion. Pre-Employment Requirements This position requires successful completion of a background check Benefits Threaded through our Total Compensation package is a commitment to Bridging Life's Transitions. SF State is committed to providing our employees with a comprehensive program that rewards efforts that are appreciated by your colleagues, students and the customers we serve. We offer a competitive compensation package that includes Medical, Dental, Vision, Pension, 401k, Healthcare Savings Account, Life Insurance, Disability Insurance, Vacation and Sick Leave as well as State Holidays and a dynamic Fee Waiver program, all geared towards the University's commitment to attract, motivate and retain our employees. . CSUEU Position Eligible and qualified on-campus applicants, currently in bargaining units 2, 5, 7, and 9 are given hiring preference. How To Apply Submit an online application and upload in one file attachment your resume and cover letter, describing your specific qualifications for each position. The online recruitment system will allow one file attachment for each submission. SF STATE IS NOT A SPONSORING AGENCY FOR STAFF OR MANAGEMENT POSITIONS. (i.e. H1-B VISAS). The Human Resources office is open Mondays through Fridays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and can be reached at (415) 338-1872. Application Deadline Open Until Filled. Review of applications to begin from Thursday, July 26, 2018. Please note that this position, position requirements, application deadline and/or any other component of this position is subject to change or cancellation at any time.