The City of Redmond seeks an innovative leader for Technology & Information Services Director. Please go here to see the full job brochure . As an experienced, strategic leader this role will motivate and inspire staff, and accomplish key objectives and priorities, which include: _Excellent Customer Service:_ Refine services to be aligned with customer needs and develop service level agreements. _Access to Data:_ Implement a Business Intelligence Infrastructure to deliver accurate and useful information to support effective decision making. _Robust Information & Communication Technology (ICT) Infrastructure: _Oversee the project from development of a Staff Resource Plan and integration of Capacity Planning to the creation of an End-User Security Plan and successful rollout. _Wise Investment of Technology_ : Develop an emerging technology adoption process and a Technology Procurement Selection plan to ensure technology delivers on important business outcomes. _Continuous Improvement and Innovation:_ Capitalize on LEAN methods to improve services and utilization of staff. _Fully Engaged Employee:_ Conduct an engagement survey and plan. UPON CLOSER LOOK: The Technology & Information Services Director is a part of the Mayor's Executive Leadership Team and reports to the Chief Operations Officer. The TIS Director will articulate expectations, develop strategy, and analyze and evaluate results for process improvements. From identifying innovative solutions to addressing the need for a citywide technology framework and infrastructure, this role will change the way the City and staff interact with technology. The City is seeking a candidate who is: Invested in promoting customer service excellence both internally and externally to the organization. Focused on fostering relationships both within the organization and explores new opportunities to partner with key members of the community to continually enhance integrated technology services. Committed to the City's vision to transform technology for the end user. Experienced in inspiring and leading project teams; and who understands the importance of executing plans, schedules and budgets; influential at arriving at mutual decisions through efficient use of resource allocations. Knowledgeable in technology infrastructure; data safety and security; systems evaluation and analysis; upgrades and new technology solutions; technology training programs and help desk activities. Well versed in formulating succession plans and implementing strategies to make Redmond a technology leader. Approachable, confident, dedicated to building trust, and to creating and maintaining partnerships. DO YOU HAVE WHAT IT TAKES: Bachelor's degree in Information Systems, or a related field and five years of professional level experience in Information Technology, Public Administration, or a closely related field. A master's degree is preferred and public sector experience is highly desirable. Equivalent combinations of education and experience will be considered. FOR MORE INFORMATION: Apply online at www.redmond.gov. Along with your application, please submit a resume and detailed cover letter describing your leadership style and why you are interested in this position. Please contact Human Resources with any questions via redjobs@redmond.gov or 425-556-2120.