Works under the direction of Manager I, with limited supervision and moderate latitude in performing highly complex technical duties regarding customer requests for service. Duties involve reviewing, evaluating, and making technical/judgmental decisions in Vital Statistics. Determines acceptability of customer requests for services, fees and legal documentation insuring compliance with Texas Statutes, and Vital Statistics rules and regulations. Utilizes complex automated applications and programs for information retrieval, data entry, and issuance. Utilizes word processing software to compose and prepare routine and non-routine correspondence. Provides direct assistance to customers by disseminating complex technical information via direct contact, telephone, E-mail or correspondence. Develops, coordinates and maintains record keeping and filing systems. May assist with training of other administrative staff. Performs other duties as assigned by Program Specialist I and/or Manager I. Essential Job Functions: Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned. Processes highly complex customer requests according to Vital Statistics rules and regulations. Highly proficient in processing Paternity and Adoption requests, utilizing complex automated systems/applications and software. May assist with the processing of requests for Birth and Death Amendments, Legal Name changes, and Disinterment Permits. Prepares, composes and generates routine and special correspondence utilizing Word, and Windows applications. Process includes pulling books, reviewing and certifying vital records. (40%) Reviews and determines acceptability of highly complex customer applications/requests for issuance of Vital Records relating to Paternities, Adoptions, Birth and Death Amendments, Legal Name Changes, and Disinterment Permits utilizing Texas Electronic Registrar, Word and Sybase. Assists with training other administrative staff in complex automation systems/applications. Interprets policies and procedures based on exceptional knowledge of Texas Statutes, Vital Statistics rules and regulations. Examines and analyzes confidential applications and legal documents to assure compliance with Texas Statutes and Vital Statistics rules and regulations. (25%) Provides complex technical advice and assistance to customers via direct contact, E-mail, or telephone concerning requests for service. Interprets and explains rules, regulations, policies and procedures of Vital Statistics. Provides customers with applications/forms as needed. Handles correspondence regarding applicant inquiries assuring concise accurate terminology is used. Provides special handling to all requests of an urgent nature. Investigates calls concerning status of applications and takes appropriate action to insure customer inquiry is resolved. (25%) Develops, coordinates and maintains confidential record keeping and filing systems pertaining to customer requests. (5%) Performs other duties as assigned by Program Specialist I and/or Manager I. Other duties as assigned may include actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency’s obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or COOP activation. Such participation may include an alternate shift pattern assignment and/or location. (5%) Knowledge Skills Abilities: Knowledge of and ability to intrepret Texas Vital Statistics laws, policies, procedures and regulations. Knowledge of computer software, Word, Microsoft office products and Windows. Skills to operate a computer and utilize softrware such as Word, Microsoft office products and Windows. Skills to set priorities and goals for accomplishing workload within limited time frame. Skills to perform task with a high decree of accuracy and paying close attention to detail. Skills in verbal communication with general public and team members. Ability to follow security policies, and procedures. Ability to work with confidential records/files/information. Ability to set priorities and goals. Ability to understand written and verbal instructions. Ability to explain policies and procedures clearly and accurately to the public/customers. Ability to make quick rational decisions. Ability to make quick decisions, and work independently in fast paced/stressful situations. Ability to move books weighing 5 to 12 pounds, and stand for extended periods of time. Ability to compose correspondence utilizing Texas Vital Statistics terminology, and standard business English. Ability to communicate on the telephone and in person in a clear, effective and diplomatic manner. Registration or Licensure Requirements: N/A Initial Selection Criteria: 1\. Graduation from an accredited high school or GED. 2. Experience interpreting policies, procedures and regulations and/or interpreting local, state and federal legislation and/or interpreting unit rules and regulations. 3. Experience using computer applications to accurately service customer orders in a timely and orderly manner. 4. Experience working with highly confidential records and information. 5. A minimum of two (2) years’ experience providing assistance to customers via direct contact, E-mail, or telephone. 6. Experience utilizing Word and/or other Microsoft products. Additional Information: Spanish speaking preferred. Monday through Friday, 8 am – 5 pm. Successful applicant will be subject to a criminal background check. MOS Code: There are no direct military occupation(s) that relate to the responsibilities, and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if they meet the qualifications for this position. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.