Quality 1.0 FTE, 8 Hour Day Shifts At Stanford Children’s Health, we know world-renowned care begins with world- class caring. That's why we combine advanced technologies and breakthrough discoveries with family-centered care. It's why we provide our caregivers with continuing education and state-of-the-art facilities, like the newly remodeled Lucile Packard Children's Hospital Stanford. And it's why we need caring, committed people on our team - like you. Join us on our mission to heal humanity, one child and family at a time. The Outcomes Analyst supports a comprehensive and innovative clinical effectiveness program focused on clinical process redesign. This position will create and manage analyses of administrative, clinical, financial and demographic data for use in data driven improvements by the Analytics and Clinical Effectiveness Department. The Analysts responsibilities will include data entry and quality control checks for surveillance datasets that are integral to LPCH improvement initiatives. In addition, the role will perform analysis, interpret results, develop summaries and design effective visual display to inform clinical and operational decision-making based on unnecessary variation, high utilization and patient outcomes. The role will identify opportunities for improvement via evidence-based practices, regulatory and accrediting agency requirements, and current performance in key clinical & financial outcomes. Essential Functions _The essential functions listed are typical examples of work performed by positions in this job classification. They are not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, tasks, and responsibilities. Employees may also perform other duties as assigned._ _Employees must abide by all Joint Commission Requirements including but not limited to sensitivity to cultural diversity, patient care, patients rights and ethical treatment, safety and security of physical environments, emergency management, teamwork, respect for others, participation in ongoing education and training, communication and adherence to safety and quality programs, sustaining compliance with National Patient Safety Goals, and licensure and health screenings._ Must perform all duties and responsibilities in accordance with the Service Standards of the Hospital(s). Performs data entry and management for clinical surveillance datasets. Ensures the integrity of data being reported and utilized is accurate and valid. Assists with data analysis; creates and interprets data displays, including clinical, cost, and patient satisfaction data. Evaluates data and makes judgments to support & inform quality & process improvement work, including, but not limited to resource utilization, physician practice patterns and clinical pathway effectiveness. Ensures quality and caliber of efforts to translate information needs into meaningful data displays. Works collaboratively with the Analytics & CE Specialists & Managers, as well as quality & performance improvement teams to develop measures for monitoring and reporting clinical outcomes and process improvement. Acts as a resource in the interpretation and use of data generated by the department and utilized throughout the organization. Assists in the designs and development of dashboards and other innovative data visualization using business intelligence tools. Serves as a representative of the Analytics & Clinical Effectiveness Team and the department/Center at meetings, initiatives and on committees. Minimum Qualifications _Any combination of education and experience that would likely provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities as well as possession of any required licenses or certifications is qualifying._ Education: Bachelor’s degree in a work-related field/ discipline from an accredited college or university. Experience: One (1) year of progressively responsible and directly related work experience Licensure/Certification: None Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities _These are the observable and measurable attributes and skills required to perform successfully the essential functions of the job and are generally demonstrated through qualifying experience, education, or licensure/certification._ Ability to utilize Microsoft programs and other applications and databases. Knowledge of advanced quantitative skills (advanced Excel, Access, statistical packages). Knowledge and ability to use decision support systems such as Access or other relational databases. Ability to use statistics to evaluate and interpret data, summarize results and make recommendations. Knowledge of project management methodologies. Knowledge of and experience with improvement science pedagogies and methods. Ability to understand and use information technology to drive process changes. Ability to interact effectively with individuals at all levels of the organization. Ability to work collaboratively in a multi-disciplinary environment. Ability to demonstrate sound judgment and reasoning. Ability to maintain discretion in handling confidential and sensitive information. Ability to speak, read, write, and understand English effectively at a level appropriate for the safe and effective performance of the job. Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital Stanford strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity and non-discrimination in all of its policies and practices, including the area of employment. Accordingly, LPCH does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation or identity, religion, age, national or ethnic origin, political beliefs, marital status, medical condition, genetic information, veteran status, or disability. Women and men, members of all racial and ethnic groups, people with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. Equal Opportunity Employer L ucile Packard Children’s Hospital Stanford strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity and non-discrimination in all of its policies and practices, including the area of employment. Accordingly, LPCH does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation or gender identity, religion, age, national or ethnic origin, political beliefs, marital status, medical condition, genetic information, veteran status, or disability, or the perception of any of the above. People of all genders, members of all racial and ethnic groups, people with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. Qualified applicants with criminal convictions will be considered after an individualized assessment of the conviction and the job requirements, and where applicable, in compliance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. indlpch gdlpch