- As the internal staffing (registry) provider for Banner Health, Banner Staffing Services (BSS) provides opportunities within one of the country’s leading health systems. The BSS team is dedicated to providing personal attention and professional support for its employees. Registry opportunities are a great way to market your skills within Banner Health. As a BSS employee, you are eligible to apply (at any time) as an internal applicant to any regular full-time or part-time opportunities within Banner Health. In addition, registry employment through BSS offers: Competitive wages Paid orientation Flexible Schedules (select positions) Fewer Shifts Cancelled Weekly pay 403(b) Pre-tax retirement plan Employee Assistance Program Employee wellness program Discount Entertainment tickets Restaurant/Shopping discounts Auto Purchase Plan BSS Registry positions do not have guaranteed hours and no medical benefits package is offered. BSS requires: Completion of post-offer Occupational Health physical assessment, drug screen and background check (includes; employment, criminal and education). - About Banner Staffing Service AZ Supporting Banner Health, Banner Staffing Services offers a world of opportunities to make an impact on one of the country's leading health systems. In addition, Staffing Services provides the best training in the business, so you can hit the ground running as you enjoy unequaled clinical variety, professional flexibility and lifestyle choices. We provide registry and travel assignments throughout the western United States. The registry allows you to create your own schedule by offering opportunities in a variety of hospital, home care and primary care settings. Banner Travel offers short- term assignments of three twelve-hour shifts per week. Our pay rates are highly competitive, and we offer training in the country's most advanced simulation center. You will also enjoy the stability only an organization as large and successful as Banner Health can offer. About Banner Health Banner Health is one of the largest, nonprofit health care systems in the country and the leading nonprofit provider of hospital services in all the communities we serve. Throughout our network of hospitals, primary care health centers, research centers, labs, physician practices and more, our skilled and compassionate professionals use the latest technology to make health care easier, so life can be better. The many locations, career opportunities, and benefits offered at Banner Health help to make the Banner Journey unique and fulfilling for every employee. - Job Summary This position formulates and defines information security scope and objectives based on both user needs and a good understanding of applicable industry and regulatory requirements. The incumbent designs and implements complex network or application security architectures. Conducts security reviews and oversees any subsequent remediation projects generated from the review. Competent to work at the highest practical understanding of most phases of information security analysis and design as it applies to current and future system requirements. Essential Functions Conducts and participates in security reviews, evaluations, and risk assessments, assisting in the development and implementation of appropriate recommendations. Analyzes the company's information security architecture, including hardware and software components, with the objective of standardizing security throughout companys infrastructure. Evaluates and assists in the development of security policies and procedures. Provides technical expertise and support for security software, including operational aspects of the software. Provides guidance, direction, and oversight for compliance with all federal, state, and local mandated information security laws, rules, and guidelines. Remain current with the latest industry technical information. Participates in, and on occasion leads, information security projects, including the development of project scope requirements, budgeting, and project planning. Participates in coordinating the handling of security incidents, recoveries, breaches, intrusions and system abuses. Minimum Qualifications Must possess strong knowledge of business, information security and/or computer science as normally obtained through the completion of a bachelor's degree. Certification in one of the following areas within in one year of entering the positionCertified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Systems Security Certified Practitioner (SSCP), HealthCare Information Security & Privacy Practitioner (HCISSP), Payment Card Industry - Internal Security Assessor(PCI-ISA), CompTIA Security+, HIPAA Security, Information Security Technology Fundamentals, Internet Security or ITAA Information Security Awareness Must also possess 4 years experience in a healthcare environment or an equivalent combination of relevant education, technical, business and healthcare experience. Must demonstrate general knowledge of information technology and healthcare. Needs experience in small scale project planning and reporting either individually or in a team. Requires communication and presentation skills to engage technical and non-technical audiences. Requires ability to communicate, and interact across facilities and at various levels. As is typical in this industry, variable shifts and hours and carrying/responding to a pager may be required. Preferred Qualifications Additional related education and/or experience preferred.