Palo Alto Networks® is the fastest-growing security company in history. We offer the chance to be part of an important mission: ending breaches and protecting our way of digital life. If you are a motivated, intelligent, creative, and hardworking individual, then this job is for you! The Salesforce Solution Developer will interface directly with business users and the Enterprise Business Systems Analysts to understand and document business requirements, define solution architecture, create technical specifications/ documents, design, develop and implement solutions focused on the Salesforce platform to meet business needs. The role requires an open communication style and collaborative manner. Someone in this position must lead by example, being both customer-centric and service minded, able to interact with all levels of users (end- users/executives), analysts and technical colleagues creating consensus and clear strategy where appropriate. Responsibilities: Deliver scalable, high-quality Salesforce services in support of our company mission Design, develop, test, and document scalable, high-quality business solutions on the Salesforce platform Recommend alternate approaches, analyze impacts, and provide sizing estimates Collaborate with other team members Participate in design sessions Conduct unit, integration, and performance testing Work closely with users for user acceptance testing Analyze and mitigate bugs and issues Participate in design and code reviews Propose creative, highly innovative solutions Provide support in fulfilling service requests Support release planning and deployment Maintain system KPIs to track trends in usage and data integrity Help team ensure compliance with IT policies and procedures Keep up with current technology trends Assess and make recommendations on processes, designs, operations, and testing Must Have Qualifications: Salesforce Developer certification Superior Salesforce development skills, including Apex, Visualforce, REST, APIs, SOQL, Javascript, CSS, and HTML Understanding of all aspects of Salesforce, including Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Marketing Cloud, and Communities Deep understanding of scalable solutions and Salesforce best practices Proven track record of delivering scalable, high-quality solutions Experience working with third-party applications that integrate with Salesforce Ability to work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment Ability to pick up new skills quickly Preference for working in teams Willingness to take direction Ability to take initiative as needed Strong written and verbal communication skills Excellent time management Understanding of testing and release processes Track record of creativity and innovation A good sense of humor Nice To Have Qualifications: Salesforce Administrator certification Salesforce Sales Cloud certification Salesforce Service Cloud certification Salesforce Advanced Developer Certification Experience working in the security industry Experience working in the high-tech industry Experience working in a business with a channel sales model Experience working with Agile Experience working with SAP Experience working with CPQ Experience working with Service Now .Net Software Development Experience Python Software Development Experience Company: We are the global cybersecurity leader, known for always challenging the security status quo. Our mission is to protect our way of life in the digital age by preventing successful cyberattacks. This has given us the privilege of safely enabling tens of thousands of organizations and their customers. Our pioneering Security Operating Platform emboldens their digital transformation with continuous innovation that seizes the latest breakthroughs in security, automation, and analytics. By delivering a true platform and empowering a growing ecosystem of change-makers like us, we provide highly effective and innovative cybersecurity across clouds, networks, and mobile devices. Our Security Operating Platform is built for automation. It is easy to operate, with capabilities that work together, so customers can prevent successful cyberattacks. They can use analytics to automate routine tasks, so they can focus on what matters. We are known for continuously delivering innovations; and with Application Framework, we extend that to an open ecosystem of developers that benefit from our customers’ existing investment in data, sensors, and enforcement points. Learn more about Palo Alto Networks here and check out our fast facts !