Business Summary: The VMware Cloud Native Applications team is growing! VMware is a dynamic / creative company, and we are looking for this person to become an integral part of a top-notch Architect team in Customer Success that is transforming the technology landscape. With the latest announcements embracing Kubo as our enterprise grade Kubernetes solution (PKS), we are looking for the next team of Solutions Architects to lead the company in this evolving space. This dedicated team has a very rare technical skillset. In addition to understanding infrastructure (compute, network, storage, and security) they must have a focus on solving the operational challenges of implementing those technologies when combined with cloud native technologies. They need to understand the evolving role of a “Platform Operator” which encompasses these modern developer frameworks which use technologies such as containers, Docker and Kubernetes. Job Role and Responsibility: As a Solution Architect you will use your knowledge and experience to help drive the Networking and Security BU and Cloud Native Applications BU’s pre- & post-sales product adoption and integration with key customers. We are looking for a person who has the right mindset in making our customers successful. You should possess the unique blend of being polished with customers and technical savvy; an out of the box thinker, and commitment to engage all partners in a collaborative style. In this role you will assist in the development of standard reusable VMware consulting service offerings, including definition of tasks, deliverables and standard estimates.VMware NSBU and CNABU are fast- paced environments where the successful candidate will wear many hats, and where your work will have a real impact on the direction of the BU’s product portfolio. You’ll be part of a bright team that embraces open communication, empowerment, innovation, teamwork and a shared focus on customer success. Required Skills: vSphere NSX Containers Kubernetes IaaS and DevOps Cloud Foundry and/or equivalent PaaS experience Operations perspective of all items above Solid grasp of Modern Applications Frameworks and CI/CD Red Hat Openshift (a definite plus) Experience in Architecting and Implementing Containerized Platforms for Enterprise Grade Modern Applications BS or higher in Engineering, Computer Science or related discipline 8+ yrs. Industry expertise with Enterprise infrastructure solution Design and Deployment (physical compute, networking, storage or Software Defined Data Center concepts). 5+ years direct customer consulting experience, including project delivery within a multi-disciplinary team Hands-on experience with wide range of cloud native apps. Ability to uncover business challenges and develop a documented custom solution to solve those challenges. Ability to develop and effectively communicate business cases and justifications to internal and external partners as required to drive business forward. Strong customer and partner facing relationship building skills. Confident in briefing and / or presenting to customers (to IT manager level); sales teams and management Self-motivated as well as creative and efficient in proposing solutions to complex, time-critical problems Ability to work closely with BU Development to deliver high quality, personalized support to assigned client projects. Drive customer satisfaction as well as product supportability improvement Excellent Customer Advocacy and Consulting skills to lead complex SDDC Design and Day2 Operations workshops Mentoring and enablement mindset to develop collateral and take active participation in field design and deploy readiness Passion for Customer Success and ability to activity participate and orchestrate complex troubleshooting and Get-Well plans. Extraordinary communication (written and verbal, internal and external) and presentation skills Highly entrepreneurial with a strong passion, urgency, energy, dedication, and a persistent commitment to succeed and win Completely “gets and believes” what we are doing around Cloud Native Apps and shares our passion to do whatever it takes to make the dream happen Ability to travel: 50%