Overview Cures Start Here. At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, home to three Nobel laureates, interdisciplinary teams of world-renowned scientists seek new and innovative ways to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and other life-threatening diseases. Fred Hutch’s pioneering work in bone marrow transplantation led to the development of immunotherapy, which harnesses the power of the immune system to treat cancer. An independent, nonprofit research institute based in Seattle, Fred Hutch houses the nation’s first and largest cancer prevention research program, as well as the clinical coordinating center of the Women’s Health Initiative and the international headquarters of the HIV Vaccine Trials Network. Careers Start Here. The Hutch Data Commonwealth (HDC) represents a new organization within the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center with a mission to develop new capabilities and resources to facilitate the center’s interaction with large and complex data sets. As a member of the Data Engineering team, this position will play an important role in supporting the collection, management, and analysis of clinical, genomic, and other research data supporting research teams across Fred Hutch and other organizations. In this position you will work independently with multiple product teams and stakeholders defining and delivering innovative data solutions with traditional relational database technologies as well as applying modern data architecture building streaming data pipelines, large-scale distributed processing, and cloud data services. In addition to the technical implementations, this role will work closely with scientists, consortium partners, and other technical staff to design, develop, and manage innovative data solutions. Successful candidates will have in-depth knowledge of current database and distributed systems technologies, demonstrated experience in design, development, implementation and management of modern data solutions, and be able to clearly articulate and present technical information to project teams and other non-technical stakeholders. Reporting The Data Engineer IV position will report to the Senior Director of Engineering Operations. Following an agile-based project methodology, this position will work closely with the Product Management team on multiple projects on both independent and collaborative work assignments. Responsibilities The primary responsibilities of the Data Engineer IV position include: Contribute as a member of the Data Engineering team to the Clinical Data Platform and other shared data technologies to implement a modern data architecture for clinical, research, and other data analytics. Work collaboratively on multiple projects as a technical resource to define, develop, and manage data solutions that support the requirements and objectives of the project, apply automation for operations and monitoring for ongoing support and administration, and provide feedback on technical solutions and options in design and planning sessions. Design and develop high volume data pipelines, ETL transformations, and other data integration workflows across multiple sources while applying best practices in data integrity, data quality, and distributed data processing. Develop advanced data analytics and reporting solutions using modern data architectures in a highly distributed data environment. Apply robust and advanced security access and permission controls to meet regulatory compliance requirements, develop detailed access audit review and reporting, and define administration and security management procedures. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent experience. Minimum 5 years demonstrated experience with hands-on database programming, design, and analysis. Minimum 3 years of experience with relational database design and ETL integration development. Demonstrated experience building and managing relational and NoSQL databases. Proficient in one or more scripting languages. (Python, R, PowerShell, etc.) Demonstrated prior experience defining logical and physical data objects using DDL, JSON, and XML. Advanced to expert level SQL query development including optimization and secondary indexing. Demonstrated prior experience with common SDLC and Agile-based project methodologies. Demonstrated prior experience with common source control and configuration management frameworks. Demonstrated prior experience defining and delivering data analytics and reporting solutions. Demonstrated prior experience defining and documenting data designs, data flow diagrams, and IT guides. Demonstrated prior experience automating IT operations tasks, batch job scheduling, and job orchestration. Demonstrated prior experience working in a high security regulated data environment (HIPAA, HITECH, etc.) In-depth understanding of IT operations management, service level management, and database monitoring. Preferred Qualifications Experience with big data, distributed databases, and data analytics. Experience with NoSQL document-based data stores such as MongoDB or Cassandra. Experience developing stream processing based data pipelines using Apache Kafka. Familiarity with Lambda, Kappa, and other modern data architectures Expertise and knowledge of gathering and documenting analytic/reporting requirements. Previous experience in a research/educational setting and/or support of clinical trials. Experience with Lucene-based search frameworks (i.e. Solr, ElasticSearch). In-depth Cloud infrastructure (IaaS) and platform (PaaS) design and planning. Previous experience with healthcare delivery, clinical data reporting, and Electronic Health Record systems Our Commitment to Diversity We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and VEVRAA Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at escmail@fredhutch.org or by calling 206-667-4700.