The Investigator VI of the Internal Affairs Directorate (IAD) is selected by and reports to a Manager of Internal Affairs, Office of Inspector General. The position performs complex investigations (administrative/criminal) involving HHS employees, contracts, contractors, and vendors. Investigations are conducted under the general direction of a Team Lead and managed through the Internal Affairs Manager and Assistant Deputy Inspector General. Investigations are conducted independently requiring: evaluating, planning, and organizing; ability to quickly become familiar with program areas administered by the HHS enterprise agencies. The Internal Affairs Directorate investigations include whistleblower complaints, abuse of vital statistics records, alleged abuse, neglect, and exploitation at Texas youth camps, violations of human resource policies, violations of laws applicable to state employment and the appropriate use of state equipment and other resources; special investigations are conducted under executive order of the Governor. Investigations involve interviewing and taking statements; gathering and analyzing records; coordinating with other internal and external departments on joint investigations; may require the investigator to serve as the lead on joint investigations; conducting surveillance and other covert investigations; preparing investigative reports; and, testifying in judicial proceedings or administrative hearings. Investigations result in referrals to management for consideration of adverse personnel actions or other executive level responses, referrals to prosecuting authorities, and referrals to outside entities at the local, state, and federal levels. 50% Travel is required. Essential Job Functions: EJF 1. Conducts investigations and examinations of alleged violations of laws, rules, and regulations. Identifies, contacts, and interviews potential witnesses and complainants. Collects data and conducts field studies. Assists in performing undercover or surveillance work regarding suspected violators. (35%) EJF 2. Evaluates; summarizes and documents investigative findings. Prepares records, correspondence, and reports. Interacts and exchanges information with various state or federal law enforcement organizations. (30%) EJF 3. Examines; investigates and analyzes the business activities of entities to ensure compliance with statutory standards and regulations. May review samples of completed investigations to ensure the consistent and correct application of policy, and monitors the quality and quantity of investigations conducted. (25%) EJF 4. Assists in preparing cases for presentations at hearings or in court. Testifies and presents evidence in formal hearings or court proceedings. (10%) EJF 5. Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned. EJF 6. Ensures the accuracy of written reports; ensures the written report is factual and void of opinion and inference. Proof reads reports prior to submission to Team Lead, ensures reports are free of spelling and grammatical errors. Ensures report format is appropriate and the standard set forth by Internal Affairs. Knowledge Skills Abilities: • Knowledge of investigative principle, techniques, and procedures. • Knowledge of local, state, and federal laws and regulations. • Skills in communicating effectively both orally and in writing. • Ability to plan, organize and conduct investigations. • Ability to interpret and apply laws and regulations. • Ability to conduct interviews and gather facts. • Ability to evaluate findings. • Ability to prepare concise, grammatically correct reports. • Ability to testify in hearings and court proceedings. • Ability to search databases and report applicable results. • Ability to work with and maintain confidential records, files, and information. • Skill in consistently producing thorough and complete investigations. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Applicant must possess a valid Texas Driver License by employment start date. Ability to obtain Texas Law Enforcement Telecommunication Systems (TLETS) certification. Initial Selection Criteria: Ten (10) years of experience in law enforcement (Certified Peace Officer) with demonstrated experience in complex criminal and administrative investigations. Alternatively, Six (6) years of experience in law enforcement with demonstrated experience in complex criminal and administrative investigations plus a four (4) year degree. Experience and education may be substituted for one another. Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university in a related field preferred. Demonstrated attention to detail on state application. 50% Travel is required. Additional Information: Operational knowledge of court procedures, practices and rules of evidence, Texas Code of Criminal Procedure and Texas Penal Code. Skills in the operation of technical equipment and detection devices. Ability to supervise the work of others. Peace Officer/Law Enforcement experience preferred. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the online application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need an accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview. The posted salary range reflects the minimum maximum allowable by state law. Any employment offer is contingent upon available budgeted funds. The offered salary will be determined in accordance with budgetary limits and the requirements of HHSC Human Resources Manual, Chapter 7. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. Note: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include: 31B, 31D, EOD, 401, 5819, 7S0X1. For more information, see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. MOS Code: 31B, 31D, EOD, 401, 5819, 7S0X1 HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.