Job Description This position reports to the VP of Information Technology at NBCUniversal located in Universal City, CA. The individual will perform requirements gathering, analysis, acceptance testing, and training for mission-critical applications supporting our global TV Distribution (TVD) business. This individual will manage user requirements from definition through to deployment. Business functionality within TVD includes rights-licensing, sales order management, materials and metadata distribution, legal contract assembly, accounting, and promotional material distribution. The selected individual will work with all levels of users within TV Distribution and our Information Technology teams. Specific Duties Manage various, concurrent projects from start to completion. Identify, analyze, and prioritize system functionality that best promotes the TVD business. Promote the use of technology to streamline business processes and increase productivity. Ensure that system and business process changes are implemented in-line with TVD objectives and timeframes. Work with various internal and external departments to understand and document future requirements that will benefit global TV Distribution processes and systems. Assist senior management with special projects and reporting requirements as requested. Assist with user testing and reconciliation of various systems and processes within TVD. Work closely with project managers and system analysts within our Information Technology group. Assist with ad hoc projects and other related duties as requested by management. Qualifications/Requirements Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university Additional Job Requirements Interested candidate must submit a resume/CV through www.nbcunicareers.com to be considered Must be willing to work in Universal City, California Desired Characteristics Possess an understanding of Rights Management, Distribution, and Accounting/Finance. Entertainment industry experience highly desirable. Project management experience desirable. Familiar with the system development lifecycle and formal system development methodologies. Ability to work in highly collaborative environment and communicate with all levels of personnel within the organization. Ability to define, analyze, communicate, and refine business processes. Ability to work under own initiative and under time constraints. Ability to work under pressure on high-visibility projects. Experience with system testing and automated test tools. Possess strong customer-service skills. Process excellent organizational skills with an attention to detail. Familiar with project management, relational database, system prototyping, and office productivity software. Sub-Business NGDI Global Distribution Career Level Experienced City Universal City State/Province California Country United States About Us NBCUniversal International Distribution is responsible for the distribution of NBCUniversal product to all forms of television and new media outside of the U.S. and Canada. This includes a rich library of more than 4,000 feature films and 100,000 television episodes, including current and classic titles, non- scripted programming, sports, news, long-form and short-form programming, and locally produced content from around the world. International Distribution is a division of Comcast NBCUniversal. Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.