Analytic Solutions Analyst/Senior Analyst Why Work For Credit Acceptance? Credit Acceptance is a rapidly-expanding company with extensive growth opportunities. We are proud to say, for the 5th year in a row, we have been named one of Fortune Magazine’s 100 Best Companies to Work For. Our team members and culture create a positive workplace that drives us to succeed, making Credit Acceptance one of the largest used car finance companies nationally. We offer a great work environment, awesome team members, competitive benefits, progressive career opportunities, a casual dress code and we work hard to ensure every team member is empowered to work to their fullest potential. Credit Acceptance offers team members: Extensive growth opportunities as demonstrated by our track record of promoting internally An atmosphere that is collaborative, challenging, and filled with forward thinking team members Ongoing business training and career development opportunities Strong work-life balance with generous PTO beginning on day 1 Competitive market-based salary with quarterly profit sharing and annual merit bonuses Excellent benefits package that includes 401(K) match, adoption assistance, tuition reimbursement, comprehensive medical/dental/vision along with additional benefits that make us a great place to work We are hiring Analytic Solutions Professionals (Analyst OR Senior Analyst level) within our Analytics Department. Responsibilities in your area will include: Perform analysis on: Pricing and credit risk Loan servicing strategies Business policies, processes, and performance Champion/challenger tests Actively monitor the performance of strategies in production Analyze data to drive better business decisions Develop complex programming to extract and manipulate data Position Outcomes & Activities: Strategies: Develop, monitor, and maintain complex strategies with the goal of optimizing high volume decisions to add intrinsic value to Credit Acceptance Reporting: Develop and produce reports to measure the performance of champion/challenger tests, policies, and processes Ad hoc analysis: Perform analysis to solve business problems and drive better decisions Translate business requirements: Translate high level business goals into the tasks and technical specifications needed to accomplish the goal Adhere to Policies/Processes: You will need to remain compliant with our policies, processes and legal guidelines. Who Are We Looking for? Ability to apply analytical skills to solve problems creatively Be able to extract and manipulate large data sets Communicate complex information to others in a way they can understand Be self-motivated and able to perform with minimal supervision Ability to apply analytical skills to solve problems creatively Act promptly and effectively when assigned tasks Work well with others in a team environment Proactive and make recommendations as opportunities arise Remain compliant with our policies, processes and legal guidelines Analyst Qualifications: _Required_ Bachelor’s degree (Computer Science, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Business Analytics, etc. - preferred ) 2+ years’ experience in an academic or professional setting using one or more of the following analytical tools SAS, SQL or R 2+ years’ experience in an analytics setting, or a combination of higher education and experience _Preferred_ Graduate degree (Computer Science, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Business Analytics) Experience using Python Experience monitoring credit scorecards or collection scores Experience testing system implementations Knowledge of loan servicing functions Knowledge of credit risk management Experience with data analysis Experience running and creating reports in an analytical tool or in a business intelligence setting Senior Analyst Qualifications: _Required:_ Bachelor’s degree (Computer Science, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Business Analytics, etc. - preferred ) 2+ years’ experience in an academic or professional setting using one or more of the following analytical tools SAS, SQL or R 2+ years’ experience in an analytics setting, or a combination of higher education and experience Professional experience in financial services analytics _Preferred:_ Graduate degree (Computer Science, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Business Analytics) Experience using Python Experience monitoring credit scorecards or collection scores Experience testing system implementations Knowledge of loan servicing functions Knowledge of credit risk management Experience with data analysis Experience running and creating reports in an analytical tool or in a business intelligence setting Company Core Values: To be successful in this role, Team Members need to demonstrate the characteristics of PRIDE in their work: Positive : Maintain a positive attitude by focusing on solutions and promoting a collaborative and enjoyable environment. Respectful : Value teamwork, share successes, appreciates others and communicates in a way that promotes trust. Insightful : Make timely well-considered decisions, create innovative solutions and continuously learn. Direct : Communicate clearly and objectively; don’t be afraid of difficult conversations. Raise concerns through the proper channels. Earnest : Be honest, sincere and consistent. Work hard and pursue our goals together relentlessly. Required degrees must have been earned at institutions of Higher Education which are accredited by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation or equivalent. Credit Acceptance is an equal opportunity employer.