Qualifications All required qualifications must be documented on application materials. Required Qualifications Masters Degree in biostatistics or related field and 2 years of related experience OR BS/BA in biostatistics or related field and 4 years of related experience. Coursework in statistics, data analysis, research methods. Minimum of 3 years experience in data analysis, including demonstrated proficiency with analytical software. Experience with the following programs: SAS, Strata, or SPSS. Knowledgeable of statistical methods. Experience cleaning and analyzing large datasets, as well as correlated, longitudinal, cohort, spatial, and clinical trials data. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Ability to manage multiple demands and multiple projects. Comfortable working independently, with experience working with multiple teams. Preferred Qualifications Familiarity with R software, ArcGIS, and MPlus. Experience and a demonstrated understanding of clinical and translational science research. Familiarity with public health and health disparity research methodology. About the Job Job Duties 60% Work with the Department of Family Medicine and Commuinty Healthy (DFMCH) faculty to implement research projects from conception through publication. Projects range from small pilot studies to large NIH multi-year grants. Consult and participate with other researchers from within and outside of the work unit, department, and university on multiple projects. Consult on study design for multiple departmental research/QI projects. Carry out sample size and power calculations, and propose and justify analytical methods and data collection procedures. Perform data analysis for projects and interpret results. 20% Collaborate with the department research facilitators and give input on survey instruments, statistical analysis plans, and formal data reports. 20% Collaborate on reports, conference papers and publications with the faculty in the department. About the Department The Department of Family Medicine and Community Health at the University of Minnesota was created more than 45 years ago in response to a legislative mandate to train primary care physicians. Since then, we have been leaders in transforming the specialty through education, research, and patient care. We are the academic sponsor of eight family medicine residencies—five in the Twin Cities, three in Greater Minnesota. We are involved in medical student education activities across the Medical School's two campuses: Twin Cities and Duluth. We sponsor four fellowship programs—sports medicine, hospice and palliative medicine, behavioral medicine, and human sexuality— and offer continuing medical education opportunities. We are regularly among the top National Institutes of Health-funded family medicine departments. Our faculty are actively researching health disparities, healthcare delivery, and population health. More at familymedicine.umn.edu . How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu . Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.