Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; Pittsburgh, PA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA The Google Technical Services Partners team empowers Google’s consumer products ecosystem to make Google’s products work. We provide end-to-end technical and operations support for partners for most of Google properties. This includes influencing product strategy, developing scalable product tools, helping onboard new partners, providing technical implementation services to some of the most strategic partners and ongoing partner management. The Google Technical Services Users and Products (gUP) organization empowers Google’s ecosystem of products. We work across Sales and Product teams as well as end users of our products (like consumers and B2B partners) to make our diverse products work. We harness both our technical expertise and our large scale operations to bring the magic of Google support to our users and partners globally. Our work supports every product area at Google. In this role, you'll have access to growth and development opportunities through exposure to the various areas of the business. You love working on a project basis to solve problems and will bring your analytical, operational, and technical skills to the Partners team. You'll influence the direction of Google's products as they continue to evolve and set the bar high for premier customer care at Google. This includes influencing product strategy, developing scalable product tools, supporting international product launches, providing continuous localization, helping onboard new partners, managing vendor workflows, providing technical implementation services to some of the most strategic partners and ongoing partner management. In your role you will also work closely with internal teams to create and streamline business and operational processes, develop detailed documentation and process diagrams, assist partners with their questions and concerns, and increase the overall efficiency of how we implement our products. Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers. Responsibilities Work with cross-functional stakeholders including Engineering, Product Management, Business Development, Sales, Marketing - to onboard new partners, improve the overall on-boarding process and support product launches globally. Manage strategic partners’ tactical product integration and management through partner education and troubleshooting Collaborate with internal stakeholders to define and prioritize new tools and product features required to improve external partner processes and performance. Define, establish, measure, and report on metrics to analyze the partner experience and internal efficiency, including customer service SLAs, and support volumes. Provide operational expertise to scale product support, feature launches and localizing products. Provide linguistic translations for Google products around the world. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of project management experience working across cross-functional teams. Preferred qualifications: MBA or Master's degree. Ability to problem solve in complex situations with minimal guidance. Ability to manage multiple, time-sensitive projects with competing priorities while working independently to drive projects to completion with minimum guidance and attention to detail. Ability to streamline complex processes and implement workflows designed to increase efficiency. Demonstrated oral/written communication, interpersonal and analytical skills. Effective project/program management skills, leading and implementing high-impact projects with cross-functional teams. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.