The Finance System Data Architect will lead and support the definition and shaping of data solutions that meet the data demands across the Global Finance Systems organization. This Data Architect will develop the data strategy considering current and known future business demands leveraging all available innovative data technology solutions. Duties and Responsibilities: Support the definition and evolution of solutions to the data challenges across Finance business. Define principles and guidelines for the design and management of Finance data entities and attributes across the Finance Systems landscape Define principles and overall design of the logical Finance Data Model and Data Standard which reflects Finance’s complete data requirements for processing, reporting and control requirements. As a Data technologies champion, lead the definition of the methodology and roadmap for strategically and tactically remediating the logical data architecture Support the definition and articulation of data related issues as well as the solutions for remediation. Identify evolving Cloud based data technologies and find opportunities to introduce these data technologies to improve the data consumption experience of the business. Analyze the performance and reporting management solutions for the finance business and define the future state data architecture for these needs. Qualifications: 10+ years of IT experience working in the Corporate Finance are helping the business leverage ERP data. Expert level knowledge and experience with the definition and design of logical data models and data structures including data and model normalization Expert level knowledge of the different types of data models (conceptual through physical) and their usages and business value Expert level knowledge of the data requirements and design challenges associated with delivering data for finance management, finance reporting as well corporate performance needs. Expert level knowledge of the design and logical flow of data through Finance’s end to end Systems Landscape. This landscape includes: Source Systems, Accounting Engines, Sub-Ledgers, Data Integration layers, General Ledgers, Consolidation, Analytics and Reporting platforms Experience with developing data sourcing approaches, data query and analysis approaches, visualization approaches to meet business needs. Expert level knowledge on finance data platforms such as Peoplesoft, Hyperion and EssBase is a must. Knowledge of Cloud data technologies such as EMR, S3, DynamoDB, RDS, RedShift and other supporting AWS technologies such as IAM, Cloudformation, is a plus. A track record for delivering relevant, tangible outputs of a high quality standard. Strong attention to detail, with the ability to accurately collate and report on significant amounts of information from a variety of sources Ability to communicate effectively (both verbally and in writing) with a diverse set of stakeholder groups Vanguard is not offering visa sponsorship for this position.