At Ingersoll Rand we are passionate about inspiring progress around the world. We advance the quality of life by creating comfortable, sustainable and efficient environments. Our people and our family of brands-includingClub Car®, Ingersoll Rand®,Thermo King®, Trane®, American Standard® Heating & Air Conditioning and ARO® - work together to enhance the quality and comfort of air in homes and buildings; transport and protect food and perishables; and increase industrial productivity and efficiency. We are a global business committed to a world of sustainable progress and enduring results. For more information, visitwww.ingersollrand.com. Ingersoll Rand is a diverse and inclusive environment. We are an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to hiring a diverse workforce; including individuals with disabilities and United States qualified protected veterans. Job Summary? The Thermo King North America (TK NA) FP&A Manager is an integral member of the TK NA Finance team and is the business partner to Quality, Customer Service and Engineering teams, as well as other various front office functions. The position also serves as a primary contact for Corporate and SBU FP&A process and financial guidance and is responsible for financial planning, forecasting, management reporting and analysis, compliance and support on finance related matters for a $1B+ Business Unit.The role will provide support across all areas of Finance to understand and communicate timely trends, quantify and help solve operational issues and mitigate financial risks, including a focus on Cost of Poor Quality. Candidates must have a proven background of authentic leadership, analytical excellence, and a strong work ethic in a fast-paced environment.A successful candidate will be business and profit-minded, self-motivated, and have a commitment to continuous improvement. Responsibilities: Partner with the Quality, Customer Service, and Engineering teams to leverage tools and data to drive actionable insights and measurable business plans around product quality improvements. Develop tools for early identification of financial problems and make recommendations for resolution of problems including A3s and Countermeasures. Examples include: warranty claims, vendor recovery, campaigns, engineering project prioritization etc. Present monthly COPQ analytics to the Finance, Quality, Customer Service, and Engineering organizations at a level that will drive visibility to required quality improvement and vendor recovery projects. Leverage analytics to assist the Vendor Recovery/Procurement teams in driving wins in the area of supplier vendor recovery. Partner with the Quality organization to report COPQ related productivity pipeline in Windchill. Authentically lead, coach, and develop direct reports to ensure high employee engagement, solid execution of responsibilities, and continuous development. Educate and develop staff and colleagues to understand the business unit's financial performance and the financial effect of business plans and strategies. Assist with the preparation of monthly/quarterly business unit (BU) reports like MORs and ERAM presentations that highlight productivity insights, as well as operational results, variance analysis, and recovery plans to achieve or exceed AOP. Partner with functional organizations like RTR, PTP, OTC, Treasury, Tax, Compliance, GISC, Internal Audit, etc to ensure accurate financial reporting and robust/effective internal controls by followingGAAP, FICAP, Sarbanes, and standards of internal control. Develops forecasts, plans (LRP/AOP), capital investments, and business case proposals (CERs with a focus on quality improvements) and drives accountability through execution to ensure achievement of planned return on investment. Direct the decision-making process for increased profitability and efficient us of Working Capital Design, improve, and maintain financial systems, tools and models. Perform frequent and complex ad hoc analytical assignments and assist in other finance functions and responsibilities as needed. Qualifications: Four-year degree in accounting or finance required; MBA and/or CPA preferred 7+ years of experience within the Finance function of a publicly-held global Corporation required; 10 + years experience preferred. Experience with a fortune 500 manufacturing company desired Demonstrated track record of building trust and operating effectively within a dynamic and changing organization. Team player with a strong ability to build relationships and instill confidence and trust with executive management and external stakeholders. Excellent communicator and negotiator with demonstrated influencing sills and the ability to build and leverage internal and external alliances with a high level of social and cultural sensitivity. Robust commitment to a culture of proactive compliance Strong knowledge of financial statements and the key aspects of U.S. GAAP that relate to consolidation of financial statements. High level of proficiency at analysis of financial information and interpretation into useful information which can be communicated to non-financial personnel Must be able to adapt to and work effectively in an environment of continuous change Strong analytical, accounting, and reporting tools and system skills including HFM, Oracle, Excel, andTableau Technical skills in accounting, finance and other areas as well as experience with accounting cycles, such as AOP, LRP, and standards setting Ability to assess and implement process improvements and drive change, efficiency and standardization of the company's finance processes Possess excellent organization and time management skills to be able to handle several assignments at one time and work in matrix organization We are committed to helping you reach your professional, personal and financial goals. We offer competitive compensation that aligns with our business strategies and comprehensive benefits to help you live your healthiest. We are committed to building an inclusive and diverse culture that engages as well as values the different backgrounds and experiences of our employee, which, in turn, spurs innovation, generates creative solutions and enhances our customer relations. If you share our passion for inspiring progress-for bringing about bold shifts in how people, economies and societies operate-then you belong with Ingersoll Rand. Progress begins with you.