. Phillips 66 & YOU- Together we can fuel the future Description The Architect role on the Enterprise Architecture and Integration team is an exciting role which helps lead Phillips66’s technical and strategic direction. With ongoing programs and the drive to mature the Phillips66 digital footprint, there are abundant opportunities to lead changes. This role will be one of several architects that will help research, define and implement tools, strategies and innovations in support of the digital transformation and long-term operational efficiencies. You will have the opportunity to consult with numerous business and IT groups and projects on the design and implementation of key IT solutions. You will also have responsibility for oversight and guidance for the integrated design and collaborating with others to facilitate common approaches and optimized architectural synergies and standardization across projects. The ideal candidate knows how to integrate systems, utilize various cloud providers to best leverage their capabilities to modernize applications and functions, and implement changes in a safe and efficient environment. Strong interpersonal and communication skills, a breadth of experience, and sound analytical thinking are essential for success in this position. A strong sense of ownership and a drive to improve existing systems and processes is also needed. Responsibilities may include : Create and socialize strategies to reduce the level of human intervention required to operate, maintain and optimize processes and systems. Work with IT and project teams to identify and evaluate processes and systems to provide an efficient, working, and verified context for the digital transformation, including cloud architecture, security footprint, IT standards, and network and application design. Lead the adoption of new cloud based technologies to promote IT efficiency and promote the adoption of consumption based IT services. Reduce IT technical debt by promotion of best practices for sustainable IT system design. Continually improve the enterprise architecture by consulting with project architects, promoting innovative approaches, and sharing knowledge. Spearhead and host technology reviews with project teams to ensure alignment with technology strategies, consult/influence on innovation ideas, and ensure integration with other programs of work. Design, help develop, and transition to support key interfaces, data stores, and data migrations in support of programs. Provide technical support (e.g., trouble-shooting, knowledge sharing on emerging architectures). Identifies automation opportunities where possible to minimize all human interventions, increase transaction speeds, and the flow of information. Maintain visibility across multiple workstreams/efforts, and facilitate communication and alignment across multiple working teams. Assure solutions are designed to meet or exceed audit requirements. Frequent travel to Bartlesville, Oklahoma to engage face-to-face with counterparts. Qualifications Basic/Required : Legally authorized to work in the job posting country Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or relevant field Significant architectural experience developing enterprise level strategies and designs 10 or more years of experience architecting and integrating systems Ability to travel up to 30% Preferred: Significant and relevant Oil & Gas or technical industry experience, especially downstream 5 or more years of experience in ERP, mobile/web applications, cloud migrations, data management Competencies At Phillips 66, while "what" we do may be very different from person to person, there's a "how" that connects all of us. It is how we work, how we collaborate and how we succeed together. It's this shared "how" that our competency framework describes in detail. We call it the Keys to Success because it can unlock the potential within us all. Keys to Success Prof: Adaptability—Demonstrate Adaptability And Learning Prof: Building Collaborative Relationships—Build Partnerships Prof: Communication—Communicate Professionally Prof: Judgment—Exercise Professional Judgment Prof: Results Orientation—Optimize Results Company Overview Phillips 66 is a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. With a portfolio of Midstream, Chemicals, Refining, and Marketing and Specialties businesses, the company processes, transports, stores and markets fuels and products globally. Phillips 66 Partners, the company's master limited partnership, is integral to the portfolio. Headquartered in Houston, the company has 14,500 employees committed to safety and operating excellence. Phillips 66 had $52 billion of assets as of March 31, 2018. For more information, visit www.phillips66.com or follow us on Twitter @Phillips66Co at https://twitter.com/phillips66co . To be considered In order to be considered for this position you must complete the entire application process, which includes answering all prescreening questions and providing your eSignature on or before the requisition closing date of August 27 , 2018 . Candidates for regular U.S. positions must be a U.S. citizen or national, or an alien admitted as permanent resident, refugee, asylee or temporary resident under 8 U.S.C. 1160(a) or 1255(a)(1). Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.