Vroom.com is a venture-backed, fast-growing start-up focused on revolutionizing the car buying experience. Our approach is unique in that we recondition pre-owned vehicles to a high standard, sell online, and deliver anywhere across the US. We have experienced tremendous growth in our first 5 years of operation and have become a disruptive force in the automotive industry. Vroom is an exciting, accelerating workplace, and there's no better time to join the team than right now. Vroom is seeking a Quality Control Inspector for our reconditioning facility in Stafford, to ensure every car delivered is ready to impress our customers. The incumbent in this role will manage the quality control inspection process of Vroom vehicles, will play a key role in helping achieve production goals and provide support to the operations team. This is a full time role reporting into the QC Manager. Responsibilities Perform thorough inspections of used cars Document, record inspection results and findings in forms Assist in preparing and developing inspection instructions and procedures Ensure inspection records are complete and accurate, compliant with good documentation practices, filed in a timely manner, and maintained per Vroom standards Communicate expectations and provide feedback to associates Learn, participate and execute continuous improvement efforts Contribute to our culture of being collaborative, respectful, transparent, ethical, efficient, high-achieving, and fun! Maintain a clean and safe work environment Other duties and responsibilities as assigned by management Requirements 3-5 years of quality control experience required Experience successfully working in operations for a complex, fast-paced environment Proven track record of solving complex problems in unclear or challenging conditions Ability to work a flexible schedule to meet the needs of the business, which may include nights, weekends and holidays Must be comfortable working in a combination of indoor/outdoor work environments; noisy situations and/or inclement weather conditions Requires walking or standing for extended periods of time Requires various schedules including nights, weekends, holidays and 12-hour days Must be able to operate automatic and manual transmissions Benefits This full-time role offers competitive compensation; health, dental & vision insurance through United Healthcare; a 401k plan; fully company-paid short term disability, long term disability, and life insurance; access to a healthcare concierge service with virtual visits; and 15 annualized days of paid vacation. But our biggest benefit is being part of a low-ego, high performing team that's transforming the used car market into a modern, online and data-driven industry. We are looking for people who want to be a part of a contemporary startup culture. What gets us out of bed is working with talented people on a mission that matters. To Apply If you think you might be who we’re looking for, apply below with your resume and a cover letter telling us why you think you’d be a great addition to the team.