This role is a part-time (21-28 hours per week) position lasting approximately twelve months in duration, beginning in May 2018. The role is not eligible for company benefits. SUMMARY The mission of New Visions’ Quality Assurance unit is to support New Visions as a high performing organization by providing pre-release data quality assurance for the data analytics unit. The data analytics unit provides accurate and accessible data reporting for New Visions’ Affinity Network, Charter Management Organization, Talent Development Programs, New Visions’ internal departments and the NYC Community Schools Initiative. The Data Quality Resident plays a crucial role within the unit and the organization, working closely with the Quality Assurance Manager and Deputy Director of Data Analytics to design and implement New Visions’ data strategy, infuse New Visions’ tools and structures with data-driven analyses, and manage the New Visions’ data tools ecosystem to provide the right data quickly to key stakeholders. The Data Quality Resident is primarily responsible for reproducing data sets compiled by data analysts and developing reproducible methods to ensure the accuracy of complex academic variables. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS Data processing pipeline Use SQL and MongoDb Query Language to pull data sets from SQL and NoSQL databases respectively Create reports using a data analytics language (R and/or Python) to help data analysts understand similarities and differences in data sets produced at different stages of the data processing pipeline Provide code review and suggest additional data quality checks in the data processing pipeline Ensure consistency between the New Visions Data Portal full-stack web application, data analyses, legacy Google-sheets based tools, and Tableau dashboards Academic policy Develop a strong understanding of NYC DOE academic policy Write tests of complex calculations to ensure accuracy of data analysts’ calculations Strategy Collaborate with data analysts the data pipeline for any given product and implement a quality assurance strategy Develop mechanisms for ensuring quality assurance of a live, daily updating product Create automated data quality checks and reporting. REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS Knowledge of R and/or Python required. Knowledge of SQL required. Strong understanding of descriptive statistics required. Knowledge of multiple data structures including XML, JSON strongly preferred. Knowledge of standard CRUD operations and ability to make API requests. Highly proficient with Microsoft Excel or Google Sheets strongly preferred. Exceptional strategic, analytical, and critical thinking skills. Experience conducting data analyses and presenting results to diverse quantitative audiences required. Demonstrated ability to prioritize, multi-task, work under pressure and meet deadlines. Strong project management and organizational skills. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Collaborative and team-oriented with a strong attention to detail. Demonstrated persistence and independence in learning technical subject matter, and in and solving technical problems. Interest in NYC academic policy required. Knowledge of NYC public school structure and policies desired. REQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, public administration, public policy, education, statistics, economics, psychology, sociology, or related social science field. A minimum of two years experience in quantitative analysis, data management or closely related role. Candidates currently pursuing a Master's degree are welcome.