Come be a part of Animal Humane Society - a Star Tribune 2018 Top Workplace! Job Purpose: Perform administrative tasks related to the maintenance of the organization’s servers and computing network. Provide technical assistance to internal computer users, as well as investigate and resolve computer software and hardware problems. What you will be doing: Process \- Manage and maintain virtual machine infrastructure, Active Directory group policies, backup strategy, and updates for servers and computers. Monitor and analyze network and server performance. Continuous Improvement \- Repair, upgrade and maintain equipment as devices as needed. Recommend, and schedule desktop, server and network upgrades and repairs. Automate software and image deployments using Microsoft System Center. Write and maintain Powershell scripts to automate redundant processes. Support \- Act as a member of the Help Desk Staff to ensure problems are resolved in a timely manner and according to department standards. Configure and troubleshoot Windows servers and workstations, switches, firewalls, and end-user devices. Produce \- Develop and document department standards and processes including network security and disaster recovery. Culture \- Maintain safe and inclusive environment by modeling AHS’s 10 Behaviors, fostering an environment consistent with the vision and mission of the organization and following organizational standards. Work with AHS volunteers in a positive and effective way to facilitate meaningful volunteer engagement. Other duties as assigned What we are looking for: Schedule \- Regular, predictable attendance, punctuality and availability to work during operational hours as defined by management with flexibility to be on call and work occasional evening and weekend shifts. Experience & Computer Skills – Three to five years of experience providing technical support. Three years of experience supporting System Center, Windows Active Directory network, Microsoft Office products, Windows clients, installing and/or repairing computer hardware, and a variety of software applications. Two years of experiencing writing Powershell scripts. Adaptability \- Ability to work in a professional and positive manner with high attention to detail in a variety of situations and the willingness to assist at other sites. Communication \- Excellent interpersonal and communications skills, must have ability to work as a leader of the team and partner collaboratively with external and internal customers and departments. Physical & Emotional Capabilities\- Must be able to handle the physical and emotional aspect of work in an animal shelter environment, including lifting up to 50 lbs. and the use of euthanasia. Transportation \- Valid driver’s license and dependable transportation is required. This position description is intended to describe the general content and/or requirements for the performance of this job. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of duties, responsibilities or requirements.