This is a mid-level, professional staff, full-time position in the City's Information Technology Department. The individual in this position is responsible for administering and managing assigned Network Components, as directed by the Director of Technology & Innovation or his designee. This may include WAN, LAN, Wireless WAN and Telephony systems. Examples of Work: Provide network support and maintain the intended use of IT Services and infrastructure. Administer and manage all Network Components by applying technological information obtained through training, experience and reference materials. Administer and manage the City's Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) telephony system, mobile devices, cell phones, pagers, facsimile lines, and networked copiers/printers. Configure Cisco Callmanager, Cisco Unity, Cisco UCCX , Cisco ASA, Cisco ACS , LogMeIn Central, Zscaler Cloud Proxy, Cisco WLAN Controller, Cisco MDS, Cisco Catalyst switches, HP Procurve switches, and Cisco routers. Familiarity with Server and VMware infrastructure including but not limited to vSphere, vCenter, and VMware View; able to configure virtual networking within the VMware cluster as well as iSCSI and fabric connectivity to the EMC Cx4 SAN. Function as a lead worker performing essentially the same work as those directed and oversee work quality, training, instruction and work scheduling. Develop and/or implement recommendations regarding policy, develop customer satisfaction, develop cooperative associations and utilize resources to continuously improve customer satisfaction. Perform other related duties as assigned. Subject to 24 hour recall. Education, Experience, or Certification: An Associate's degree from an accredited college or university, technical, business, vocational or correspondence school in information systems, computer science or a closely related field and a minimum of three years relevant professional experience are required. CCVP, CCNP, CCNA, A+ and MCSE certifications desired. Supplemental Information: The City of Missouri City compensates employees according to a salary schedule that enables movement through a market based salary range. Generally, a new employee's salary begins at or near the beginning of the range.