Supports analytic and business intelligence efforts within LegacyTexas. Primary responsibility will be to ensure the availability and usability of high quality data throughout the company. Through data acquisition, documentation, and standardization, the candidate will enable internal stakeholders to work more efficiently and effectively with data. Through self- serve analytics and training, the candidate will play a central role in driving a strong data culture at LegacyTexas. This position is not about solving a well-defined set of tasks but rather an independent individual with a talent for structuring solutions to broad, ambiguous questions related to data governance, and who shares our passion for improving lives through learning. The candidate will be the subject matter expert for analytics. RESPONSIBILITIES: Serve as subject matter expert on all aspects of LegacyTexas’ data reporting and analytics infrastructure. Leverage all aspects of BI technologies and architecture such as delivery mechanisms (i.e. portals, dashboards, OLAP), data model/architecture, data integration/ETL and reporting tools. Develops standard processes for business user requests for BI and analytics. Develops and maintain other BI and analytics standards for LegacyTexas including data sources and a data dictionary Develop, implement, and maintain change control and testing processes for modifications. Actively participate as an analytics and BI advocate and expert on teams to help promote the development of an analytics and BI culture within LegacyTexas. Analyzes data, design and develop complex reports and dashboards using industry standard reporting platform with little or no supervision. Collaborate with analysts, line-of-business owners, and other data-driven internal stakeholders to identify opportunities for better data access and usage. Validates report results against requirements for consistency and accuracy. Troubleshoots and analyzes data issues. Regularly updates management of development status. Other duties as assigned. PHYSICAL DEMANDS & WORK ENVIRONMENT: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Ability to withstand moderate physical activity throughout the work day (standing, walking, reaching). Ability to sit for extended periods of time. Ability to lift or move up to 25 pounds on occasion. Ability to maintain attention and concentration for extended periods of time. Ability to work overtime when required to meet deadlines Work environment – This position resides at the corporate office. The noise level is usually low to moderate. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITY: Does not manager others but may provide technical leadership, guidance and direction to other team members. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS (EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, & SKILLS): Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information. Technology or related discipline from an accredited four-year college or university or 7 years equivalent technical experience is required. Minimum five years of experience with business intelligence tools such as SSRS, SSAS, Power BI and Cognos. Minimum five years of passionate experience in developing Dashboards, Governed Reports, Embedded-Analytics, Visualizations etc. Minimum five years of experience with development processes tools, SSIS preferred. Minimum two years leading technical implementation teams. Expert level of proficiency with IBM Cognos. Expert level of proficiency with Microsoft Power BI. Experience with dimensional modeling and OLAP tools using Cognos Framework Manager and Cognos BI. Proficient with Data Warehouse technologies and concepts such as dimensional modeling and cube development. Proficient with SQL, Complex SQL Tuning, Stored Procedures, and other techniques to develop highly performant. Cubes and other means of assessing data quickly. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Proficiency estimating work assignments and delivering to these estimates. Demonstrated ability to keep up with an ever-changing technical environment. Strong technical knowledge of data management systems, data warehousing platforms, data quality, data modelling, data governance, analytics, and predictive analysis. Extensive experience in multidimensional data modelling, such as star schemas, normalized and de-normalized models, handling “slow-changing” dimensions/attributes. Excellent interpersonal, oral and written communications, organizational and multi-tasking skill. Able to establish a constructive and informative relationship with team members, management and vendors. Thorough business skills, including stakeholder management, preparing and delivering presentations and workshops, and collecting and challenging requirements. Full lifecycle perspective (requirements gathering through production deployment and support) in aspects of Business Intelligence solutions. Ability to work with Enterprise Architects and Data Architects to develop BI roadmap, repeatable development and deployment frameworks etc. Proficient with working in a highly Agile (SCRUM) environment. Ability to advise senior IT management on BI & Analytics trends. Our commitment to diversity and inclusion is helping us to create not only a great place to work, but also an environment where our employees, our customers and our communities can reach their goals and connect with each other. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or protected veteran status. We are an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer. Minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Drug free work environment. CB