How would you like to leverage your technical pre-sales experience and architectural expertise driving serious innovation with global customers in one of the most exciting areas at Microsoft? The Chief Technology Office (CTO) for Enterprise is looking for a savvy business & technology professional to join our team as a senior level Architect. If you think of yourself as a cross-disciplined professional with years of proven capability, deep technical knowledge and experience, a broad thinking sales and marketing strategist, results driven program manager, and great collaborator across segments and HQ functions with an entrepreneur-based mindset, the Chief Technology Office wants to talk to you! The Chief Technology Office’s mission is to lead the Enterprise technical strategy by innovating with our customers and partners, spread our global knowledge, and inspire our people, partners, and customers. This team is passionate about discovering new opportunities for innovation and enabling the transformation of the technical workforce. Responsibilities You will help identify and prioritize Early Access Program (EAP) initiatives we invest in and then partner with a virtual team involving Engineering/Research, the field, and Partners to build business model strategies, provide early insights, prototypes, and validate new approaches through strategic customer engagements. The CTO Innovation team partners closely with our engineering and research teams along with key strategic customers and partners to explore innovation in the context of real world customers to then help influence Engineering strategy and roadmap. You will work closely with Cross Segment Sales Teams, One Commercial Partner, Area Leadership, Product Engineering, Research, Domain CTOs and Chief Architects around the world to discover, identify, analyze, and incubate emerging industry trends and investment opportunities to translate these insights into tangible and actionable plans to engage Microsoft customers and partners in collaborative innovation. The main responsibilities include: Engage with Product Engineering and Research teams to build a preliminary technical, business, customer, and EAP strategy for assigned initiatives Build and run a virtual team - composed of leaders from field sales and delivery (including partners) – that scopes and delivers an Early Access Program that drives the first few customer engagements for an initiative. Provide a feedback loop back to engineering teams to help improve products. Connect product and engineering-led technical innovation strategies with large scale business problems by translating technical solutions into commercial scenarios. Scale the learnings from your Early Access Program internally by working with appropriate readiness, offerings, and delivery organizations and, when appropriate, externally via collaboration with key technology partners. As a member of the Chief Technology Office, you will have the opportunity to create and drive the future of professional services working with large customers and partners across the world and to explore new opportunities for Microsoft Enterprise. We expect you to be an innovative thinker, who embraces & inspires others to drive what could be, not what has been. You will have the chance to work closely with field leaders, innovative teams, bleeding-edge partners, and progressive customers as Microsoft continues to look for the next big opportunity to change the world. You will apply your background in complex sales engagements to coach teams in their story telling and sales frameworks helping customers and partners innovate. Qualifications 5+ years of global leadership influencing through a complex matrixed environment 10+ years’ experience of leading, driving and demonstrating proven knowledge in value selling with customers Demonstrated leadership on customer transformational challenges that enable realization of business goals Proven deep international culture appreciation from working in 4+ international locations A proven track record of coalescing differing approaches and perspectives into a common company approach through great cross group collaboration benefiting all Entrepreneurial approach, self-starter and proven track record around ambiguous situations working within a startup environment or as a large corporation intrapreneur Comfortable with leading customer workshops with senior business stakeholders, providing clear vision and comfortable with challenging pre-conceptions either internally or within a customer Proven track record of successful experience working with customers and partners within both technical and overarching business contexts Strong, real world experience working with large enterprise organizations to drive business requirements to technical strategy Domain knowledge in open source and mega trend areas in conjunction with business solutions: artificial intelligence, quantum computing, cloud computing, data platform, and/or emerging immersive experience technologies (Mixed Reality, haptic, Natural Language, etc.) Proven experience providing leadership through others & making others great through mentoring & coaching Proven experience of leading teams (not direct reports) to deliver results Ability to communicate effectively in writing, with models and graphical representations to clearly articulate proposed scenarios and plans Location/Travel: You will be based in Redmond, WA and travel can be expected to be approximately 25%, globally, as the needs of our customers demand. Join us and be one who empowers billions! That’s incredible reach. When you combine that with your own inspiration, plus the freedom and support to make your ideas happen, you can make a huge impact on how people work and live all over the world. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. wwdss