Overview of the Coffee Route Manager This position is responsible for leading and coaching a team of Route Sales Representatives to promote the delivery of bottled water and related products and to provide exemplary customer service. Responsibilities Supervisory responsibility for assigned Route Sales Representatives. Provide coaching, training and motivation to new and existing Route Sales Representatives to ensure achievement of branch revenue, profit and growth goals. Manage associate performance to ensure customer base goals are achieved; hold Route Sales Representatives accountable for executing their duties and responsibilities, including, but not limited to, customer acquisition results, customer service, protection of Company assets and safety. Identify and acquire high quality, long-term, "preferred" customers to support growth through acquisition and provide exemplary customer service. Provide route operations and sales expertise that enhances the profitability and growth of the branch. Develop a relationship with and provide service and products to existing customers that insures customer retention and customer loyalty. Safely operates open routes due to vacation, illness, injury or termination according to company policy to ensure growth in revenue and profit for existing customers on the route. Requirements High School Diploma or GED required. Proficiency in sales, management and route operations. Must be 21 years of age or older. Ability to meet Compnay driver qualification policy requirements. Have a satisfactory Motor Vehicle Record in accordance with company policies. Basic computer/data entry skills and math abilities. Ability to pass a pre-employment background check and drug screening required. Who We Are DS Services is a national direct-to-consumer provider of bottled water, office coffee and water filtration services. DS Services offers a comprehensive portfolio of beverage products, equipment and supplies to approximately 1.5 million customers through its network of over 210 sales and distribution facilities and daily operation of over 2,100 routes. With one of the broadest distribution networks in the country, DS Services can provide service to approximately 90 percent of U.S. households and efficiently services homes and national, regional and local offices. DS Services is dedicated to achieving its mission of becoming America's favorite water, coffee and tea service provider where consumers live, work and play. Please visit our website www.water.com for more information about DS Services. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled.