WeWork is the platform for creators, providing hundreds of thousands of members across the globe space, community, and services that enable them to do what they love and craft their life's work. Our mission is to build a world where people work to make a life, not just a living, and our own team members are central to that goal. We are building software for physical space that uses data and technology at each point in the building process, such that it can make better sourcing decisions, improve its designs, build faster and smarter, and ultimately improve the lives of the people working within its buildings. Our state of the art technologies and dedication to technological innovation are key reasons why WeWork has been able to scale from operating one workspace location to more than 210 in just over eight years. We are seeking a top-notch analyst for the BI team to help drive reporting across sales, marketing, products, services, and community teams. The ideal candidate is highly analytical and is passionate about visualizing data in compelling and actionable ways. A couple of years functional experience are required, preferably in a technical role. We are after individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent and have a great track record. Are you someone with a strong creative streak? Do you enjoy fast-paced exciting environments? Are you looking to contribute to making a real impact across many different communities and cultures around the world with the work that you're doing? If so, then we may have the opportunity for you. Responsibilities Develop and implement data analyses, data collection systems, and other strategies to optimize statistical efficiency and quality Define critical metrics that measure the performance of a business/product unit, and find opportunities through in-depth analyses to change processes and directly influence decision levers Ability to break a problem into smaller, solvable components, and scope out the data that would be needed to tackle each subproblem Passion for your work, intellectual curiosity, good judgment, mature, and bring a positive attitude Requirements 2-5 years functional experience required, preferably in a technical role Experience with one or more BI and data visualization tools (Chartio, Tableau, Looker) Solid skills in data extraction, munging, analysis, statistics, and visualization (e.g. SQL, Python, and R) Exceptional SQL skills. Optimized queries for readability and efficiency Nice to have If you have experience with mobile/native analytics (across iOS/Android) it would be helpful Experience with native A/B testing analysis is a plus Having exposure to Heap would help you in this role We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.