Responsible for level 2 systems management and exercises project-level control over initiatives. Excellent technical expertise in relevant state of the art data technologies, data security, data systems, and its design. Leads and coaches a team of senior data engineers and provides technical guidance to them. Develops, enhances and adheres to engineering and administration standards. Upholds and maintains strong documentation. The ideal candidate will have strong experience with at least one of the Pubic Cloud providers like AWS, Google Cloud Services and Azure and 6-8 years experience with products such as Cassandra, MongoDB, Spark etc. Relational Database Administration experience ein the past is a plus. 4-6 years of experience with managing large clusters for technologies such as- Cassandra, MongoDB, Spark, Solr. 2-3 years of experience writing automation under Cloudformation, Terraform, chef, and running data platform in AWS/Azure. 6-8 years’ experience with Linux Server platform designing secure, reliable, highly available, performant data services. 2-4 years of supporting a large data platform and data pipelining. 4-6 years’ experience with relevant scripting languages or programming frameworks desired (Python, NodeJS, JavaScript, Python, bash) Expertise in database administration including configuration, implementation, data modeling, maintenance, redundancy/HA/DR, security, troubleshooting/performance tuning, upgrades, database, data and server migrations, SQL 3 or more years of IT operational experience supporting robust e-commerce, gaming or online businesses in a 24X7 production environment(oncall) Thourough understanding in Security implmentations(IAM, SSL, encryption, firewall, wall garden) on Database, storage, network and Cloud environments. Participated in auditing exercise Expertise in configuring, implementing and supporting high availability redundancy strategies on systems including replication, clustering, log shipping, mirroring Expertise in database design and architectural principles and methodologies Expertise with Disaster Recovery planning and implementation Excellent knowledge of Storage subsystems- storage Engines, AWS Block storage, S3, EFS - types and relavant usecases. Ability to partner with relevant software vendors to determine near-term, long-term business impacts of product updates on our technology portfolio Knowledge of understanding of TCP/IP fundamentals (DNS, SSH), general networking technologies, AWS networkiong(VPC,security group), network architecture and connectivity troubleshooting. Bachelor Degree in computer science/information systems, or related field. Masters of Science in computer science/information systems, engineering. At Disney, we‘re storytellers. We make the impossible, possible. We do this through utilizing and developing cutting-edge technology and pushing the envelope to bring stories to life through our movies, products, interactive games, parks and resorts, and media networks. Now is your chance to join our talented team that delivers unparalleled creative content to audiences around the world. The Staff Data Engineer position works on a central team of Data Systems Engineers and Administrators supporting Distributed Data Platforms for Disney Connected, Advanced Technologies and corporate development teams and customers. Primary focus of this position will be Data engineering product support, automation and service of operational and business processes for internet sites and corporate applications for The Walt Disney Company. Key responsibilities include DB technology evaluation, guidance and consultation, design support, task automation and scripting, best practice and standards development, capacity planning, optimization and tuning, system upgrades and migrations, performance management, monitoring, security, backup and recovery, issue troubleshooting, and documentation. Additional tasks as assigned. 563083