The State University of New York (SUNY), located in Albany, New York, seeks applications for a Manager of Technology Strategy and Integration within the office of Academic Technologies and Information Services (ATIS). This position will report directly to the Executive Director for Academic Technologies and Information Services. The organizations within ATIS provide services and supports to SUNY campuses in the areas of online teaching and learning, digital library services and professional development. Responsibilities of this position include technical strategy focused on advancing higher education, overseeing and participating in web application development and programming services and working with ATIS leaders to establish priorities to improve service offerings. Responsibilities: Work with ATIS leaders to establish priorities for the technical infrastructure to support academic technologies and information services for online teaching and learning, digital library services, academic innovation, and professional development. Oversee and provide web application development and programming services to the ATIS organizations. Establish an ATIS technology strategy, aligned with SUNY’s technology strategy, and lead the overall implementation of the technology environment to support the missions of the ATIS organizations to enhance service offerings. Work with leaders within the Office of the Provost and the Office of Information and Technology (OIT) to identify opportunities to utilize technology and integrations to provide a more coherent and coordinated data environment to promote teaching and learning activities across the SUNY University-system. Lead the ongoing maintenance and support of the existing ATIS technology environment including integrations with internal and external systems. Work with Information Technology Exchange Center (ITEC) to ensure coordination between ATIS organizations partnering with ITEC on technology decisions that impact the delivery of their services. Serve as the technical liaison to the Office of Information and Technology for Academic Technologies, as well as the technical infrastructure, programming, and application development efforts supporting the delivery of services. Participate in procurement efforts for technologies and services in support of ATIS organizations. Work on additional technology, procurement, and ATIS programmatic-focused projects. Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree. Minimum of 5 years’ experience leading technology systems and strategy within a diverse educational environment and serving a customer base with a wide range of roles and responsibilities. Experience in computer programming, application design, system architecture, web development, or other related information technology experience. Experience with relational databases (i.e., Oracle, MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, or PostgreSQL) and/or SQL. Experience leading technology system implementations, including the integration of multiple technology platforms and solutions. Experience supervising and mentoring technical staff. Excellent oral and written communication skills, including the ability to effectively present technology concepts to people with both technical and non-technical backgrounds and at all levels of an organization. Experience facilitating stakeholder engagement for requirements gathering, user acceptance testing, end-user support, and/or customer service. Project management experience with the proven ability to work across organizational and supervisory boundaries to achieve project outcomes. Highly self-motivated and self-directed. Able to manage multiple priorities effectively. Strong organizational and problem-solving skills. Proven track record of teamwork, collaboration, and ability to meet deadlines. Demonstrated experience with academic technologies, higher education and/or online education. Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Science or related field. Master’s degree. Experience in the use of multiple development lifecycle methodologies including Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and agile methods. Experience with technology procurement, IT outsourcing, service level agreement (SLA), and IT Service Management (ITSM). Salary is commensurate with experience and qualifications. Excellent fringe benefits. Interested candidates are invited to submit cover letter and resume online. The review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until position is filled.