Enterprise Architect (2400 NASA Parkway) - 1064200 PURPOSE/FUNCTION (JOB SUMMARY) The Enterprise Architect (EA) is responsible for providing leadership and technical guidance in the use of information technology (IT) to meet the strategic and tactical business goals of the HHP Directorate and its divisions. The technical guidance and direction will be provided to teams on the selection, design, implementation, and ongoing management of technology to sustain a flexible information technology infrastructure. The Enterprise Architect will be responsible for the assigned domains technical direction of the enterprise. The EA will provide consulting expertise, and leverage business and technical knowledge to support business strategies and deliver business value. This role will play an integral role in building and enhancing the software platforms in terms of robustness, scalability, availability and efficiency. The EA will work with Technical and Business teams to ensure development and support the business and IT strategic plan. The EA will provide technical knowledge, guidance and direction to technical teams within IT business users groups by defining and validating IT architectural principles, direction statements and standards. Considerations in this regard will include the alignment of information technology with business needs, architectural principles that impact or enable interoperability of information systems, technology standards, and the useful life of technologies and suppliers of technology. ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Responsible for compliance with Safety, Health and Environmental plan; must be committed to a high standard of safety and be willing and able to comply with all safety laws and all of the Company’s safety policies and rules and must be willing to report safety violations and potential safety violations to appropriate supervisory or management personnel Responsible for compliance with the Quality Assurance Plan, policies and procedures Must maintain regular and acceptable attendance level as determined by the Company Responsible for completing all assigned training Review data acquisition and analysis processes and develop SOPs for defined testing Become proficient in standard laboratory assays and protocols Assist with preparation of data summary charts as required May participate in human subject testing Attend weekly laboratory meetings as required Other duties as assigned Act as the SME for the following IT domains - Business, Apps, Data, Security, Server, Networks or Storage. Assist with creating and maintaining IT as-is architecture, to-be architecture, gap analysis and 3 year roadmaps. Works with Technical and Business teams to ensure application development aligns to business and IT strategy. Partners with the Technology and Infrastructure organizations in determining practical adaptations of enterprise standards through informal feedback sessions. Works with the Directors of Business and Technical teams to identify technical solutions and business process improvements in support of the business and IT strategic direction; ensures application development supports the business and IT strategies. Interacts with business partners to share and direct architecture practices that may affect business solution delivery. Ensures that platform and project technical design documentation is completed to a high standard. Provides architectural governance by reviewing projects (Architecture review, health checks) to ensure alignment to architectural and technical strategy. 10\. Creates or documents frameworks, methodologies, standards that the enterprise will leverage across all technologies and businesses. Qualifications EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: Bachelor's Degree in Engineering or Computer Science from an accredited college or university with 15+ years of relevant experience. Experience with working in the areas of Bioinformatics, medical/health data management and technology solutions. SKILLS/TRAINING REQUIRED: Possess a strong leadership qualities with a visionary eye on emerging technologies and able to articulate the transformative impact of technologies to business, specifically to Engineering operations and functions Subject Matter Expert in architecture, infrastructure & technologies; understand hardware and software technology stack Excellent communication, negotiating and influencing skills at all levels of the organization as well as with external partners Strong analytical and problem solving skills - communicates in a clear and succinct manner and effectively evaluates information / data to make decisions; anticipates obstacles and develops plans to resolve; creates actionable strategies and operational plans Experience in healthcare, medical research and/or hospitals industries Demonstrated competency in strategic thinking and leadership with strong relationship management required in highly distributed and matrix organizations DESIRED: Experience designing architecture for an organization at an enterprise level. Experiences include defining systems and applications architecture. Experience providing vision, problem anticipation and problem solving; knowledge and experience with consolidating applications. Be part of core team to build and promote product roadmap Must be familiar with a variety of Enterprise Architecture development field’s concepts, practices and full system development Life Cycle Stay up to date with software technologies and solutions to ensure proper tool-sets serve company presently and into the future Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to both work independently and function effectively as a member of a team Ability to grasp new concepts quickly and write about complex subject matter Excellent time management and organization skills, handling multiple simultaneous projects with stringent deadlines. Ability to work effectively with a diverse range of people with a variety of skills, experience, and personalities. Work experience in Healthcare industry, preferably federal agencies. KBR is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, veteran status, genetic information, union status and/or beliefs, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Job Information Technology Primary Location US-US-TX-Houston