Bulletproof is an omni-channel content driven consumer products company. Our vision is to make high performance a daily reality for everyone by upgrading the earth’s coffee and food. Our mission is to help people perform better, think faster, and live better using a proven blend of ancient knowledge and new technologies, informed by science, and measured results from our customers. BP products help people live better by using fat for fuel, saying goodbye to sugar and supercharging mitochondria. Bulletproof has a team of experienced entrepreneurs and biohackers working to make high performance a daily reality for everyone on the planet. While our culture is casual and our workplace flexible, everyone on the team is passionate, smart, focused and driven. Our customers know that our coffee, beverages, food, and supplements are the purest you can get anywhere, and you can expect to feel a difference in how you perform the first time you experience them. Environmentally conscious and ethically sourced products build a sustainable foundation for future generations to thrive Bulletproof is seeking a dynamic and talented digital journalist with a strong background in science-based health and wellness reporting to join the blog’s content team. The ideal candidate geeks out over the latest scientific research, has a deep knowledge of the wellness space, and experience working at an online news or lifestyle site. Candidates must live in Washington State or California. As the Digital Health Writer, you will write engaging stories across all verticals and mediums. That includes video scripts, social media captions, viral news commentary, listicles, and deeply researched and footnoted long- form features. You know all the buzzwords (lectins, nootropics, mitochondria) and what they mean - and can point to a more than a few studies on each one. You also know the nutrition space intimately and can explain to anyone the difference between Paleo, Whole30, keto and Bulletproof. You possess impeccable grammar, organization, clarity and accuracy, and are obsessive about formatting, style, and voice. You are inquisitive, full of great story ideas, and know how to write an irresistible headline. You’ve also never missed a deadline. Bonus points for basic HTML, SEO, and on-camera experience. Key Responsibilities: Write rigorously researched, science-backed articles, meeting daily deadlines quickly and accurately. Turn complicated scientific jargon into snappy and engaging video scripts. Pitch clickable, science-backed content (infographics, videos, articles) according to search trends and what’s resonating in the wellness and biohacking spaces. Be a scientific advisor to the editorial and social teams, providing easy-to-understand answers to our readers’ questions about the Bulletproof lifestyle, with links to studies that back up the advice. Work with the social, photo, and video teams to help shape storytelling efforts. Build content in Wordpress, optimizing articles and images for search. About You: You live in WA or CA, or are willing to move there. You nerd out on research. You read PubMed for fun. You know what good research looks like, and you seek it out. You have demonstrated experience as a video journalist – writing scripts for YouTube and social media. Your writing is scientific but accessible. Think … explaining the Krebs cycle to a 5th grader. Or describing mitochondria to a friend with zero science background. You take the reins and run with them, requiring little oversight to get things done. You love learning - and you really love grammar. You’re curious about the Bulletproof Diet and lifestyle, and might even be willing to try it out to better understand your reader. Skills and Experience: Science writing/editing background is mandatory. 3-5 years of professional editorial experience in a dynamic, deadline- and results-oriented environment, with the clips to prove it. You have a portfolio of videos that demonstrate your script-writing ability. The writing style chops to shift gears - one day you’re working on a deep-dive biohacking piece, the next day you’re writing a Whole30 recipe roundup. Highly proficient in WordPress, MS Office Suite, project management, and editorial calendar software. Some sense of visual design is a plus - you think about how to engage the reader with images and infographics as well as good writing. Bachelor’s degree preferred in a related field such as journalism, nutrition, biology, psychology, neuroscience, medicine, or similar. On-camera experience is a plus, but not mandatory To apply: Send us your resume and cover letter, telling us why you’d make the perfect fit. Include the following 2-3 writing samples: One showcasing your deep-dive research skills. Show off your chops at making a complex subject easily understood and fun. This article should have plenty of scientific references. This is a full-time, work-from-home position working with a team of seasoned, creative journalists and thought leaders. At Bulletproof, we value balance, fun, and continually learning in work and play. Being Bulletproof is being intellectually curious and making the most of opportunities to grow personally and professionally. You are knowledgeable, reliable, innovative, and open. Think you’ve got what it takes? Let’s talk!