Coursera is scaling a global platform to provide universal access to the world’s best education, and we’re motivated by the passion and mission to transform lives through learning. Our platform has reached over 30 million learners worldwide and we have partnered with 150+ elite universities around the globe with over 2,000 courses in our catalog. We offer Courses, Specializations, Certificates, and Degrees to meet the needs and goals of the diverse learners who come to Coursera. In 2016, we began offering fully accredited online Masters degrees which provide a more convenient, lower-cost, “stackable” means of earning credentials identical to their traditional on-campus counterparts. We also launched Coursera for Business, partnering with enterprise companies around the world to provide access to curated skill development for their employees. The Data Science team owns the quantitative measurement, experimentation, and inference that informs Coursera's product and business direction; builds the statistical models and machine learning algorithms that power content discovery and an engaging, scalable learning experience; and empowers partners and enterprise customers with on-platform analytics and direct data access. We’re looking for a talented, creative, and driven data scientist with a sharp eye for UX design, strong algorithmic and analytic skills, and an interest in expanding the reach and quality of online education. Our ideal candidate is an independent, analytically-minded individual with strong analysis and statistical modeling skills, who shares our passion for education. Your responsibilities: Modeling user behavior to identify and prioritize product and business opportunities to drive growth of degrees Building predictive models to identify and nurture potential degree learners Designing, testing, and implementing high leverage degree growth interventions Working cross-functionally with engineers, designers, and product managers on our core degree products Background in applied math, computer science, statistics, or related technical field, and 2+ years of industry experience Strong skills in applied statistics, data visualization, and predictive modeling Strong product intuition and cross-functional communication skills Proficient with at least one scripting language (e.g. Python) Proficient with at least one statistical software package (e.g. R, NumPy/SciPy/Pandas) Proficient with relational databases and SQL Excellent communication and project management skills If this opportunity interests you, you might like these courses on Coursera: Applied Data Science Specialization Applied Data Science with Python Specialization