JOB PURPOSE Provide a high level summary of the overall purpose, scope and objective(s) of the job that explains why the job exists. Under limited supervision, creates and maintains item master, item branch/plant, static, and item cost information that drives the processes for warehousing, manufacturing operations, cost accounting, production scheduling, material requirement planning (MRP), and capacity planning. Interfaces with multiple departments within the Company to ensure that item-related data is accurate and timely. Also responsible for assignment and control of item numbers for all Mary Kay Inc. facilities and subsidiaries. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 1\. Item Master Development: Inputs data into the system’s tables that contain item attribute information. Item attributes are the data elements that are associated with a particular item number including descriptions, dimensions, costs, and other codes necessary to run the supply chain system and are stored in Item Master or Item Branch/Plant tables. These attributes are provided to PDCs or may be acquired by attending various meetings with the business and follow-up with appropriate personnel to extract and clarify data obtained from various sources. 40% 2\. Global Item Number Assignment: Provides an item number (formerly known as part number) upon request to any group in the Company. 20% 3\. Item Master Data Audits: Ensures complete information is supplied and is accountable for accurate input into the supply chain system. Performs regular audit processes of data to ensure item data integrity. 20% 4\. Performs miscellaneous analysis, reports, such as weekly queries and project work as assigned. 10% 5\. Static Data Development: Inputs data into the supply chain system pertaining to “static” system data such as branch/plant (warehouse) constants and other static settings as required. Typically, this data is maintained in the system, but rarely edited. 10% KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES Education High School diploma or equivalent Experience 3+ years in Manufacturing/Supply Chain planning systems with transactional based knowledge with ERP systems such as JD Edwards One World Xe/Agile or equivalent. 1\. Must possess organization and communication skills in order to interface effectively with other functional areas in the Company. 2\. Analytical skills and attention to detail required to implement planning process data and to ensure a high level of accuracy. 3\. Knowledge of spreadsheet, data base, and report writing software preferred. 4\. Must have basic keyboard competency with good proof reading skills and understand basic mathematical concepts including percentages.