When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. Our Consumer & Community Banking Group depends on innovators like you to serve nearly 66 million consumers and over 4 million small businesses, municipalities and non-profits. You’ll support the delivery of award winning tools and services that cover everything from personal and small business banking as well as lending, mortgages, credit cards, payments, auto finance and investment advice. This group is also focused on developing and delivering cutting edged mobile applications, digital experiences and next generation banking technology solutions to better serve our clients and customers. Description The on-boarding team is tasked with enabling the adoption of the UDS Big Data Platform by Application development teams. The team will provide technical and administrative support, coordination, training and technical guidance throughout the process of on-boarding new users. The Platform Onboarding specialist will manage, coordinate and assists efforts by our customers to provision the platform to accept and ingest data into Hadoop. Provisioning includes all physical configuration set-up, creation of roles to support RBAC (role-based access controls), dataset registration, data classification, business data definition and data flow configuration. The individual will have strong project management and organizational skills, a critical appreciation for the challenges of new technology adoption, and a strong knowledge of Big Data usage patterns. The successful candidate will work closely with product and application development teams to identify automation opportunities that simplify on- boarding workflows and ease platform adoption. Major Job Duties and Responsibilities: Develop and maintain communication plan of on-boarding activities in a timely manner, providing an ongoing status Assist in automation initiatives supporting tool implementation and process automation Liaise with all necessary parties to coordinate scheduling to meet users’ operational timelines Participate in post-onboarding reviews to discuss issues and identify improvement opportunities Build and maintain strong internal and external working relationships Identifies and implements process re-engineering for maximum efficiency Provide On-boarding Consulting Services for end-users from initial engagement to production deployment Is the primary point of contact for escalations and for any on-boarding related issues Qualifications : Must be detailed-oriented, organized, self-starter Strong customer service and communications skills Bachelor Degree from an accredited college or university 3-5 years of related experience Previous customer service experience preferred At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you.