This Role This position is part of the Youth Development section and provides support to The View Teen Center, which may include working consistently at The View or as a substitute. A Recreation Leader II may also be invited to work in other program areas, which may include special events, after school programs, and other program areas within the Recreation Division. Recreation Leader II’s are typically college graduates who are able to independently lead games, crafts and similar activities while keeping participants safe and displaying advanced leadership abilities. What You Bring  Training equivalent to completion of the 12th grade.  Equivalent to two full-time years in college and a minimum of one season (i.e.: summer employment) of experience in facilitating recreation programs for youth and teens or two years of experience in a leadership position or highly specialized skills in a specific activity/program. Bonus Points (Highly Desirable)  Completion of college-level courses in recreation, child development, or a related field is highly desirable. Who You Are  You have excellent customer service skills and know how to talk to people and work in a team setting  You are enthusiastic about working with youth and teens  You are a problem-solver with excellent written and verbal communication skills  You have a willingness and ability to learn new things  You welcome responsibility and aren’t afraid to ask for clarification  You are detail oriented and observant  You are respectful , mature, and energetic during program time  You are a responsible worker who understands the importance of confidentiality Schedule This is an hourly position limited to 29 hours per week and 1,000 hours per fiscal year with a variable schedule:  While school is in session, hours may reach 10-23 hours per week  During the summer months, hours may reach 15-24 hours per week What You’ll Do  Supervise youth and teen participants at The View  Follow open and closing procedures of the teen center facility  Take initiative to plan, organize, and implement high-energy and low-energy games, sports, arts and crafts, enrichment activities, and special events for youth and teens  Stay active and engage with youth at all times by participating in all activities being offered  Use Microsoft Office software to illustrate programming as well as data tracking daily statistics  Act as a professional role model, mentor, and leader to youth, co-workers, and other adults while maintaining and displaying a positive attitude  Enforce guidelines and maintain a safe, clean, and well-organized environment at all times  Thoroughly complete and update any necessary forms and records, including facility reports, attendance records, and incident reports  Communicate effectively with youth, parents/guardians, supervisors, and other Recreation staff  Ability to work closely with external organizations and internal city departments  Attend monthly staff meetings Are You Ready? Apply Submit your application and resume online at www.calopps.org or the Human Resources Division, City of Mountain View, 500 Castro Street, Mountain View, CA 94041, (650) 903-6309. This recruitment will be open until filled and is subject to close at any time. Apply early! The most appropriately qualified candidates will be invited to a department interview. For additional information, please contact Greg Milano, Recreation Supervisor, at (650) 903-6402. Fine Print Candidates with a disability who may require special assistance in any phase of the application or testing process should advise the Human Resources Division upon submittal of application. Documentation of the need for accommodation must accompany the request. The City of Mountain View is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). Prior to hire, candidates will be required to successfully complete an extensive pre-employment process, including proof a negative TB test within the last two years, reference checks, and a Department of Justice (DOJ) fingerprint check. A conviction history will not necessarily disqualify an applicant from appointment; however, failure to disclose a conviction will result in disqualification or termination. CITY OF MOUNTAIN VIEW Recreation Leader II (Hourly) Supplemental Questionnaire Please answer the following questions and submit with your application. Please limit your responses to one page per each question or less. 1\. Please describe a youth workshop or class that you developed or assisted with developing. How was it promoted, set-up, and led? If you have not done this, please write N/A. 2\. A participant is disrespecting The View policies and staff. To ensure the safety of others, what steps would you take to diminish the situation? 3\. The View Teen Center is open Monday-Sunday from 3:00 p.m. – 8:00 p.m. during the school year and 12:00 p.m.-6:00 p.m. in summer. This position will be requested to work during those hours. Please list your availability and be as specific as possible.