The Help Desk Analyst, part of the Network Operations team, will be responsible for managing all the day to day issues that arise from internal employees as it relates to their hardware, software and connectivity. The Analyst will report to the Director of Network Operations and will collaborate with other Help Desk Analysts to ensure all issues are managed and resolved appropriately. The successful candidate is expected to: Respond to requests for technical support assistance in person, via phone or through electronic submissions. Ability to diagnose and remediate technical hardware and software issues. Support the new hire onboarding process by issuing all appropriate equipment, software and security credentials. Service the employment termination process by terminating all secured access to information and data by complying with the company’s employment termination policies. Manage the inventory of all user hardware and hardware requests extending from laptops, pc’s, company issued phones and iPads. Redirect/escalate problems to the appropriate resource when required. Oversee and administer all necessary changes to maintain versions of software and anti-virus measures on company issued equipment. Qualifications: 2+ years of desktop support or PC troubleshooting experience preferred. Bachelor’s Degree preferred. Strong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple competing projects with finite resources. Ability to operate comfortably and effectively in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment and work with minimal supervision. Experience serving and supporting customers who utilize a wide variety of hardware and software. Outstanding hardware and licensed software knowledge as well as highly evolved problem solving skills. FS Investments is a leading asset manager dedicated to helping individuals, financial professionals and institutions design better portfolios. The firm provides access to alternative sources of income and growth and focuses on setting industry standards for investor protection, education and transparency. FS Investments is headquartered in Philadelphia, PA with offices in New York, NY, Orlando, FL and Washington, DC. The firm had more than $24 billion in assets under management as of March 31, 2018. Visit fsinvestments.com to learn more. FS Investments is an Equal Opportunity Employer.