Duties Summary Applying to this announcement certifies that you give permission for DHS to share your application with others in DHS for similar positions. Who May Be Considered : U.S. Citizens Status Candidates View common definitions of terms found in this announcement. Responsibilities As a Management and Program Analyst GS-0343-09/11/12, an employee is expected to perform the following major duties: Plan and conduct a variety of complex projects and studies that encompass the analysis and evaluation of administrative support systems and program management. Plan, execute, and report on original or ongoing analyses, evaluations, or investigations with varied, complex features that require a fresh approach to resolve new problems. Maintain contact with other organizations, government agencies, managers, and contractors to exchange ideas and remain current on developments in area or field of responsibility. Participate with the primary staff of the serviced organization in developing and organizing policies and programs and other related concerns for program management. Assist in developing, organizing, and implementing functional short-and long-range plans. Work in conjunction with the Regional Director in strategic planning to achieve the region's goals and mission. Travel Required 50% or less - You may be expected to travel for this position. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 12 Job family (Series) 0343 Management And Program Analysis Similar jobs Analysts, Management Analysts, Program Management Analysts Program Analysts Program Management Analyst Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment You must be a U.S. citizen to apply for this position You must successfully pass a background investigation Selective Service registration required Current Federal employees must meet time-in-grade requirements You must be able to obtain and hold a secret clearance Relocation expenses are not authorized. Other recruitment incentives may be authorized. This position has been designated exempt from bargaining unit representation under the national security provision of 5 USC Section 7112(B)(6). All employees are required to participate in Direct Deposit/ Electronic Funds Transfer for salary payments. New employees must serve a one year probationary period. You must submit to a drug test and receive a negative test result prior to appointment to this position. After appointment, you may be subject to periodic random drug testing. Qualifications GS-09 A. I have one year of full-time specialized experience equivalent to the GS-7 grade level in the federal government performing all of the following: 1) participate in reviewing and evaluating operational processes and procedures; 2) participate in analyzing the effectiveness and impact of existing policies, practices, and standard operating procedures and 3) draft segments of written reports based on a complete analysis where specific guidelines are available. OR B. I have successfully completed two (2) full years of progressively higher level graduate education, leading to a masters degree, or equivalent degree, at an accredited college or university in a field that provided the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work. Such fields include Business Administration, Public Administration, Statistics, finance and Management. OR C. I have a combination of experience described in "A" above and graduate education described in "B" above. When combining education and experience, first take the total number of semester hours (or equivalent) earned and divide by 18 semester hours (or equivalent); then take the total number of months of experience and divide by 12 months; finally, add the two percentages. The total must equal at least 100 percent to qualify. NOTE: A copy of your transcripts must be included with your application to support this response. GS-11 A. I have one year of full-time specialized experience equivalent to the GS-9 grade level in the federal government performing all of the following: 1) assist senior analysts in conducting special studies of program functions, work processes and procedures; 2) conduct management surveys and/or studies to identify program/project efficiencies and effectiveness; 3) draft written reports based on a complete analysis where specific guidelines are available; and 4)present findings and recommendations orally and in writing to management officials. OR B. I have successfully completed a Doctorate or Ph.D., or equivalent degree, or three (3) full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such at degree; at an accredited college or university in a field that provided the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work. Such fields include business administration, public administration, statistics, finance, and management. OR C. I have a combination of experience described in A above and graduate education described in B above. When combining education and experience, first take the total number of semester hours (or equivalent) earned and divide by 36 semester hours (or equivalent); then take the total number of months of experience and divide by 12 months; finally, add the two percentages. The total must equal at least 100 percent to qualify. NOTE: A copy of your transcripts must be included with your application to support this response. GS-12 A. I qualify for this position at the GS-12 level. I have one year of full- time specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 grade level in the federal government performing all of the following: 1) plan and conduct evaluations of program operations, procedures, and organizational structures, and provide advice and guidance to resolve complex and unique problems affecting the effectiveness and efficiency of work operations; 2) review information and apply analytical techniques and evaluation criteria to the measurement and improvement of program effectiveness; 3) prepare final written reports based on a complete analysis where specific guidelines are not available; and 4)present findings and recommendations orally and in writing to management officials. National Service Experience (i.e., volunteer experience): Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Current or Former Political Appointees: The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office. Qualifications Must Be Met The qualification requirements listed above must be met by the closing date of this announcement. Time-in-Grade Current federal employees must have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade level or equivalent grade band in the federal service. The time-in-grade requirement must be met by closing date of this announcement. Submit a copy of your most recent Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50) that demonstrates your eligibility for consideration, e.g., length of time you have been in your current/highest grade (examples of appropriate SF-50s include promotions, with-in grade/range increases); your current promotion potential; proof of permanent appointment if applying based on an interchange agreement; etc. Please note: While a General Adjustment and/or Award SF-50 may be your most recent SF-50 it typically DOES NOT show proof of Time in Grade. Thus, you may have to submit more than one SF-50 as proof of Time in Grade. Education Are you qualifying based on education? Submit a copy of your college transcript (unofficial is acceptable) or a list of coursework with hours completed. Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet Federal qualification requirements if you can show that your foreign education is comparable to education received in accredited educational institutions in the United States. For example, specific courses accepted for college-level credit by an accredited U.S. college or university, or foreign education evaluated by an organization recognized for accreditation by the Department of Education as education equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. college or university. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence with your application. See Recognition of Foreign Qualifications for more information. Additional information Any offers of employment made pursuant to this announcement will be consistent with all applicable authorities, including Presidential Memoranda, Executive Orders, interpretive U.S. Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM) guidance, and Office of Management and Budget plans and policies concerning hiring. These authorities are subject to change. Merit promotion and/or non-competitive referral lists may be issued based on the needs of the agency. More than one selection may be made from this announcement. Appointments are subject to the availability of funds. DHS offers competitive salaries and an attractive benefits package, including: health, dental, vision, life, and long-term care insurance; retirement plan; Thrift Savings Plan [similar to a 401(k)]; Flexible Spending Account; Employee Assistance Program; personal leave days; and paid federal holidays. Other benefits may include: flexible work schedules; telework; tuition reimbursement; transportation subsidies; uniform allowance; health and wellness programs; and fitness centers. DHS is committed to employee development and offers a variety of employee training and developmental opportunities. For more information, go to the DHS Careers website and select Benefits. Disabled veteran leave will be available to any Federal employee hired on or after November 5, 2016, who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rating of 30 percent or more. If you receive a conditional offer of employment for this position, you will be required to complete an Optional Form 306, Declaration for Federal Employment , and to sign and certify the accuracy of all information in your application, prior to entry on duty. False statements on any part of the application may result in withdrawal of offer of employment, dismissal after beginning work, fine, or imprisonment. E-Verify DHS uses e-Verify, an Internet-based system, to confirm the eligibility of all newly hired employees to work in the United States. Learn more about E-Verify , including your rights and responsibilities. Veterans , Peace Corps / VISTA volunteers , persons with disabilities , and those covered under the Interchange Agreement possess a wealth of unique talents, experiences, and competencies that can be invaluable to the DHS mission. If you are a member of one of these groups, you may not have to compete with the public for federal jobs. To determine your eligibility for non-competitive appointment and to understand the documentation that is required, click on the links in Who May Be Considered section or contact the Servicing Human Resources Office listed at the bottom of this announcement. If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application . Applicants are strongly encouraged to apply online if at all possible. Applying online, through your USAJOBS account, will expedite the application process and allow you to check your application status as well as verify the documentation submitted with your application. If you utilize the Alternate Application method, your USAJOBS account will not display this application and you will not receive status updates. How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. Applicants will be evaluated on their resume and supporting documentation to ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. If you meet the minimum qualifications, your experience, education and training will be rated using an Assessment Questionnaire that is based on the following competencies or knowledge, skills, and abilities needed to perform this job: Oral Communication Planning and Evaluating Problem Solving Reasoning Writing Category Rating Procedures : If you meet the minimum qualifications, you will be placed in one of the following categories: Best-Qualified: Applicants possessing experience that substantially exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position and demonstrate high proficiency in all of the critical competencies, including all Selective Placement Factors (SPF) and appropriate Quality Ranking Factors (QRF) as determined by the job analysis. Well-Qualified: Applicants possessing experience that exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position and demonstrates acceptable proficiency in all of the critical competencies, including all SPFs and appropriate QRFs as determined by the job analysis. Qualified: Applicants possessing experience that meets the minimum qualifications of the position and demonstrate basic proficiency in most of the critical competencies, including all SPFs and appropriate QRFs as determined by the job analysis. Veterans: Qualified veterans who have a compensable service-connected disability of at least 10% are listed in the best-qualified category, except when the position being filled is scientific or professional at the GS-09 grade level, or higher. This position is not considered scientific/professional. Other 10-point preference eligibles and veterans with 5-point preference who meet the eligibility and qualification requirements are placed above non-preference eligibles within the category in which they qualify. View information on www.fedshirevets.org Candidates who apply under Competitive Merit Promotion procedures will undergo a quality review to determine if they are best qualified based on the content of their resume and their responses to the questionnaire. Best qualified candidates will be referred if all required supporting documentation has been provided. Candidate who apply under Noncompetitive and Special Hiring Authorities procedures will undergo a quality review to determine if they are minimally qualified based on the content of their resume, supporting documentation submitted and their responses to the assessment questionnaire. If you are determined qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview. Preview the Assessment Questionnaire, click https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/10244305 Interagency/Career Transition Assistance Program (I/CTAP) Eligibles: If you have never worked for the federal government, you are not I/CTAP eligible. View information about I/CTAP eligibility on OPM's Career Transition Resources website. To be considered well qualified under I/CTAP, you must be rated at a minimum score of 85 for this position. In addition, you must submit the supporting documents listed under the required documents section of this announcement. Interviews are required for this position. Failure to complete the interview may result in removal from further consideration. Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Secret Drug test required No Required Documents Required Documents Your resume Your responses to the job questionnaire Your Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50) Your college transcripts If your application is rated as well-qualified (score 85 or above) and you are claiming special priority selection rights under the Interagency/Career Transition Assistance Program (I/CTAP)? Submit: a copy of your agency notice, a copy of your most recent performance rating, and a copy of your most recent SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, noting your current position, grade level, and duty location. If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education . Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits . Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.