Seagate Technology is looking for a Sr Full Stack Web Developer to join its team in Cupertino, CA. In this role, you will be working closely with a team of highly skilled software engineers and product managers in building cutting edge customer facing web applications. You will be participating in both early technology research and product development. You will be actively contributing your knowledge of web development techniques and technology on diverse platforms. Qualifications/Skills 5+ years' commercial web application development experience. Expert level proficiency in NodeJS and object oriented programming in JavaScript. Responsive Wed Design Web fundamentals: HTML, JavsScript, and CSS Servers, networks and hosting environments ( AWS ) Knowledge of one or more modern javascript frameworks ReactJS, AngularJS. Experience with bower, gulp, or similar frameworks for development and testing. Experience working with UI Frameworks such as bootstrap. Experience in Source control system GIT Solid Knowledge of web communication architecture, i.e. REST/RPC/AJAX. Database technologies: PostgreSQL Strong attention to details, highly organized. Ability to work well in a fast-paced professional office environment BS and 8-10 years of experience, prefer MS and 5-7 years of experience. Our culture is focused on our Corporate Values -People, Customer Success, Excellence, Innovation, Teamwork, Openness, Social Responsibility and Sustained Profitability. Join a worldwide team of talented, collaborative, innovative people who thrive in a work environment where people can share knowledge and learn from one another. You won’t find a more exciting place to build your career and challenge yourself. Accept the challenge and Go where innovation leads…Join Seagate. Apply now! Seagate Technology is committed to equal opportunity in employment and welcomes applications from all sections of the community, irrespective of sex, marital status, religious affiliation, age, disability, veteran status, or ethnic origin. Job Family: Engineering Professional