Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world with total assets of over $2.4 trillion (as ranked by SNL Financial, April 2016) and 140,000 colleagues in nearly 50 countries. In the U.S., we’re 13,000 strong, working together to positively impact every customer, organization, and community we serve. We achieve this by delivering on our values, putting people first, fostering long-term relationships built on honesty and mutual understanding, and inspiring the best in each other. This is all part of our inclusive, high-performing culture supported by Total Rewards that include our cash balance pension plan. Join a team that’s working to fulfill its vision to be the world’s most trusted financial group. Job Summary: Reporting to the Service Experience Management department, the Quality Program Administrator II (QPA II) is responsible for improving service excellence and ensuring consistency within all quality programs for call centers in multiple states. Job functions include quality monitoring performance, trend analysis (e.g., trend reporting, errors), leadership (e.g., calibration, coaching and training) and systems support (technological). Each business unit and vendor will receive direction, guidance and feedback from a Quality Program Administrator II (QPA II) about their quality monitoring programs. The QPA will independently and objectively review monitoring practices and provide feedback to leadership in an assessment summary called a Gap Analysis. Major Responsibilities: Trend Analysis & Reporting Acutely capture performance findings about the vendors and the Bank (supervisors and managers); be clear and detailed. Analyze large amounts of data produced by vendors and lines of business; use the captured strengths and opportunities to make appropriate recommendations to business partners/owners. Study the trends, inconsistencies or outliers and correlate results to key metrics (Service Level Agreements (SLAs), Average Handle Time (AHT), customer/agent experience, etc.). Design and implement tools to further enhance the department's reporting capabilities and offerings. Communicate vendor performance through excellent written and oral communication skills. Produce a monthly Gap Analysis Report for leadership review. Management Communication and Support Ensure service levels and quality control standards are met through calibration, coaching and training exercises. Recommend necessary corrective action and training opportunities. Engage management and/or peers in topical discussions to determine proper courses of action and make final decisions regarding potential regulatory violations. Facilitate and/or participate in calibration sessions and monthly team meetings. Provide training and coaching to enhance evaluator performance. Clearly understand the Company and individual department's vision, values, and goals and be able to discuss them with the Bank Agents, Supervisors, or Managers. Actively participate in and maintain team spirit and a positive work environment. Maintain the highest level of confidentiality regarding employee and vendor performance. Actively support Management's mission to coach, develop, motivate, and reward employees. Quality Monitoring Performance Responsible for assessing the accuracy, quality and other performance aspects of both outsourced vendors and UB customer services areas against UB quality program standards and guidelines. The assessment includes processes and may include call monitoring. Independently complete the required number of evaluation or callback quality checks each month. Effortlessly follow the guidelines, bank policies and procedures across multiple business lines and document findings using the provided reporting tools. Departmental Administration Provide administrative support for the bank- selected NICE monitoring system (add new hires; update terminations, move agents, quarterly programming changes, monthly and bi-annual audits, etc.). Manage staffing trackers (e.g., LOAs, special projects), error logs, Daily Status Report, and update assignment lists. Troubleshoot minor to major NICE system issues and escalate appropriately to management and/or IT Help Desk when necessary. Research and share calls for supported business units when requested. Support multiple lines of business across different divisions by reviewing situations diplomatically and responding appropriately to management; involve management in final decisions when necessary. Qualifications: 2-3 years’ experience with Tax Operations preferred. Knowledgeable of Tax forms W8-BEN, W8-BEN E, W-9. 2-3 years’ experience with consumer claims preferred. Knowledgeable of subpart A of REG-E. 3-4 years of back office banking experience ideal. Preferred: Thorough knowledge of the NICE monitoring tool. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified.