KeyTronicEMS is a team-based , supportive environment where everyone is able to feel encouraged and supported. We provide opportunities for growth through seminars, certifications, on-the-job training, and career advancement. Our team and employees are proud of our product diversity and team environment. We are an international company where you will do something different every day in our fast-paced work environment, but we are always finding ways to create something new and be innovative. We encourage you to apply for this position if you enjoy being challenged, working in a dynamic work setting, and being a part of a team that creates products that drive our world, while providing an innovative workplace with deep camaraderie, compelling product diversity, and resources to build your career. KeyTronicEMS provides competitive salaries and benefits including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short and Long Term Disability, Vacation, Holidays, Tuition Reimbursement, and 401K. We also have a company provided wellness program because we care about the wellbeing of our employees inside and outside of the workplace. We organize volunteer opportunities , company activities , and all-employee meetings to show we value our employees and the community around us! In the Human Resources Assistant position you will be responsible for ensuring positive impressions on customers, guests, and employees. They will be performing a variety of human resource support duties. This position assists in maintaining the human resource database and all employee records and files, files and completes required reports and surveys, and serves as a backup to payroll processing. This person completes assigned reporting functions involving attendance statistics, termination, hire and transfer data, and other information assigned. This position provides recommendations regarding the development and administration of human resource policies and programs. Also operates the telephone switchboard, greets and assists corporate visitors, schedules conference rooms, and sets up conference calls. Maintains the corporate telephone list, building access badges, and the petty cash account. Monitors and purchases office supplies as needed. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS (Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.) Screens and schedules interviews with applicants Maintains Applicant Tracking database Manages employee training records Assist employees with general benefit, policy, and payroll inquires Assist with the maintenance and development of companywide safety program Coordinates and implements employee programs and activities Serves as a backup for payroll administration Updates Organizational Charts on a quarterly basis Answers incoming calls off the switchboard and transfers them to the appropriate extension. Greets and assists corporate visitors (customers, clients, vendors, employees, and other visitors) and initiates contact with the appropriate KeyTronicEMS employee. Schedule conference rooms and set up conference calls. Maintains and updates the corporate building employee security pass access system; enters and removes badge numbers into the security system; and runs building entry/exit activity transaction reports. Manages the petty cash account ; makes disbursements and periodically reconcile the account. Purchase office supplies when needed for the department. Coordinates incoming and outgoing mail Other duties as assigned. Qualifications MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Associate degree required. 2 years’ experience in a professional office environment with HR task responsibilities. Equivalent combination of education and years’ experience may be considered. Exceptional verbal communication skills. Ability to effectively communicate with executive management and board of directors. Ability to communicate effectively in a multicultural, multinational environment and mobilize cross-functional high performance teams. Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Perform arithmetic operations involving all American monetary units. Ability to apply common sense understanding, to carry out instructions furnished in written and oral, or diagrammatic form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in or from standardized situations. Ability to effectively diagnose and troubleshoot problems that may arise Proven ability to quickly learn new applications, processes, and procedures. Demonstrates a strong attention to detail. Demonstrates the capacity to manage changing priorities and ambiguity while remaining calm and controlled. Demonstrated poise and grace under pressure. Communicates a "can do" attitude and positive outlook, minimizing negative behaviors. Professional image with ability to form good partner relationships across functions. Demonstrates initiative and resourcefulness Proficient in MS Office. Experience with HRIS systems a plus. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s degree preferred Experience with HRIS systems a plus. PHYSICAL DEMANDS While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to sit. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, or controls; reach with hands and arms; and stoop, kneel, and crouch. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds. WORK ENVIRONMENT : The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet. _The statements on this job description are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by incumbents._ _They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required by all incumbents, and all job descriptions are subject to change to accommodate business necessity._ ___In support of KeyTronicEMS’ goals some incumbents may perform other duties as assigned._ ___In addition, all KeyTronicEMS employees are expected to:_ _Promote teamwork and cooperative effort_ _Help train and give guidance to other KeyTronicEMS employees_ _Maintain a clean, safe, and unobstructed work area_ _Provide customers with the highest quality of products and service_ _Understand and apply appropriate quality improvement processes_ KeyTronicEMS is an _EOE/M/W/VET/Disabilities employer._