Every customer has applications that can’t go down and require a platform that they can depend on for availability, scalability and security. Do you want to be at the heart of the future data & AI platforms? Do you want to be a part of the team that makes Microsoft data & AI platform the global standard for excellence? From Big Data scenarios to next generation Enterprise Solutions to predictive algorithms and Advanced Analytics, our customers are looking for solutions that can address the volume, variety and velocity of data they have to deal with and the time to insight that will differentiate their business. As a solution specialist, you will work with both business and technical decision makers, you will serve as a key player in the virtual team, responsible for enhancing the business relationships with customers, product teams, and partners. You will also take on a leadership role in developing the data & AI platform sales strategy across the respective geography in coordination with other technical members of the Data & AI Specialist Sales Team. You will be expected to create, drive and close sales opportunities, develop and own sales strategies, deliver executive level presentations, and manage account relationships that incorporate Microsoft data platform strategies. The position will also provide active leadership for the account teams and will serve as a sales lead for other team members regarding our platform messaging. Teamed with our sales organization, you will assist in the account planning and support necessary activities to drive platform sales initiatives throughout the territory. You will be required to deliver articulate and effective strategic presentations to audiences of all sizes and all levels. Technology expertise for this role includes prior experience enabling database, enterprise applications, big data, analytics, artificial intelligence, and hybrid cloud solutions. Microsoft data platform stack knowledge is required: SQL Server, Azure SQL Database, PaaS, IaaS, Big Data, Business Intelligence, Analytics, Data Warehousing, Power BI, Azure Machine Learning, R\Python, Cortana Intelligence Suite, Azure IoT Suite and other relevant Microsoft & open source data platform technologies. Responsibilities Responsibilities include: Create, manage, and deliver successful presentations/demonstrations to CxO-level and other business level customers. Effectively demonstrate and deliver ROI business justifications. Achieve Data Platform and Cloud revenue targets. Develop and maintain relationships with business and technical decision makers. Analyze business strategies and obstacles in order to propose relevant solutions. Contribute to a high-caliber virtual team. Share best practices, influence product development, and mentor other staff. Prior experience selling to the business and C-levels is required. Qualifications Required qualifications include: 5+ years technical (cloud, big data and analytics, database) and executive (C-levels, lines of business) sales experience required. Deep technical skills across entire data platform stack of technologies (SQL Server). Expertise in enterprise-scale solutions. Exceptional leadership, negotiation, and organizational skills. Exceptional presentation, written, and verbal communication skills. The ability to travel regionally (approximately 10-25%). A passion for technology as well as a willingness and capability to learn new technologies quickly. Preferred qualifications include: Knowledge and experience in the Houston market. Business\technology consulting delivery experience. Solution sales experience. Oil & Gas industry expertise. Bachelors or advanced degree. Market location: Houston, TX market ~10 Enterprise Accounts. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.