Qualifications Required Qualifications BA/BS degree required Two years of work experience in the areas of business or systems process analysis with a related degree. Four years of work experience in the areas of business or systems process analysis with a non-related degree Demonstrated experience performing data analysis and using analytical tools (e.g. Microsoft Excel, Google Sheets) Demonstrated experience with SQL and relational databases Experience working with diverse, cross-functional groups and communicating effectively with multiple types of stakeholders Preferred Qualifications Master’s degree Demonstrated ability to work effectively with individuals from diverse communities and cultures. Experience with data visualisation tools, e.g. Tableau/OBIEE Experience with dimensional modeling, e.g., star/snowflake schemas Experience with PHP/web development Experience working in a university setting and/or an understanding of the mission and challenges of the college About the Job The Data Analyst is a member of CLA Decision Support Services (DSS) within the CLA Office of Application Development. The position reports to the Analytics Manager and works closely with other colleagues in CLA Office of Application Development (OAD) and CLA Administration, and also with other members of the University community. The position works with the OAD team and other members of collegiate administration to perform analysis projects and maintain information systems supporting management and policy decisions for a wide range of areas -- including student recruitment, admissions, financial aid, process assessment, enrollment management, student services, financial systems, human resources, retention/graduation, and donor relations. CLA’s departments and administrative units depend on the analytic staff of the college to provide reliable data, insightful analysis, and quick responses. Duties/Responsibilities Perform ad-hoc analyses and produce reports, publications, and other output (60%) Under the direction of the Analytics Manager, conduct analyses and produce data, reports, presentations, and electronic content to disseminate findings. Communicate results of analyses to appropriate audiences. Respond to internal data requests from CLA Undergraduate Education, CLA administrators, departments, faculty, and staff. Respond to external data requests from University of Minnesota administrators, surveys, and public inquiries. Develop, implement, and maintain data collections and information systems (30%) Under the direction of the Analytics Manager, assist in the further development, implementation, and maintenance of collegiate information systems. Develop interactive reports in Tableau for the CLA Reporting & Analytics reports hub (CLARA). Assist in stewardship of OAD’s query repository, including the maintenance of query definitions, parameters, logic, validation, and documentation. Assist in the creation of new information systems in areas such as student recruitment, enrollment, financial aid, student services, retention/graduation, and donor relations. Information and communications coordination (10%): Work as first contact for incoming project requests to CLA DSS, weighing incoming tasks against existing workloads, triaging assignments and liaising with our partners. Represent the unit at collegiate administrator meetings, collegiate committees and task forces, University-wide committees, and to external partners and agencies. Coordinate the CLA communications outreach calendar with University partners. Provide support and consultation to CLA Administration as needed, e.g., writing reports, data analysis, etc. Stay current in developments in the field. Develop and maintain liaisons with other University staff and outside organizations. About the Department This position works for the Office of Undergraduate Education within the College of Liberal Arts (CLA) at the University of Minnesota-Twin Cities, a premier land-grant research university committed to excellence and student success. CLA spans the arts, humanities, and social sciences and prepares students to be independent and original thinkers, to be innovators in their chosen fields, to create meaning in their life’s work, and to become productive citizens and leaders in their communities and the world. CLA is the largest college in the University of Minnesota, with approximately 500 faculty, 800 staff positions, 14,000 undergraduate and 1,600 graduate students across 31 academic units. CLA Undergraduate Education oversees curriculum, instruction, advising, recruitment, scholarships, diversity, access, student support services, student research opportunities, internships, career services, and outreach. Each year the College welcomes 2,450 new first-year undergraduate students and nearly the same number of transfer students. For more information about the CLA Office for Undergraduate Education visit cla.umn.edu/students. How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and add attachments. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. Please attach a cover letter, resume, and three professional references. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.