A. Duie Pyle is the Northeast’s premier transportation and logistics provider, offering solutions for LTL, Truckload, Custom Dedicated and Warehousing & Distribution. Through established partnerships our service coverage extends into the Southeast, Midwest, Canada and the Caribbean. A family-owned and operated business for more than 90 years, A. Duie Pyle provides a complete range of integrated transportation and distribution services supported by transportation service centers, and warehouses strategically located throughout the region. EOE/M/F/D/V Position Description : Customer Service is the main point of contact for all Customer needs. CSRs predominantly interact with Customers (both internal and external) via phone, fax and e-mail to provide information in response to inquiries, to resolve issues, and to handle requests. CSRs must be knowledgeable in all facets of our company to provide World Class Service to our Customers. They interact with people from every department, and it’s critical for them to know where to direct a Customer when the need arises. CSRs must handle multiple tasks / assignments at once, be adaptable to change, be flexible to meet business needs, retain a significant amount of information, work well within a team as well as independently and be committed to continuous improvement. Ideal CSR candidates consistently go above and beyond to ensure Customer satisfaction. They demonstrate professionalism, empathy, exceptional listening skills, strong attention to detail, a sense of urgency, strong written and verbal communication skills, a positive attitude, good judgment and problem solving skills, the ability to stay calm under intense pressure and excellent follow-up skills. Position Responsibilities : Schedule pick-ups; trace shipments; provide shipment ETAs, rate quotes and freight charges; coordinate with internal departments as well as partners / delivery agents / brokers / container stations to schedule shipments and handle Customer issues; schedule delivery appointments; make proactive courtesy calls; handle reconsignments; coordinate communication with Customers, Drivers and A/R regarding Driver Collect and C.O.D. shipments; ensure accurate billing of shipments; compile and deliver custom reports; perform daily audits of reports, etc. Use multiple resources, reports, data and systems to provide proactive care for Customers. Document all Customer interactions for tracking purposes. Assist Customers with “My Pyle” registration and utilization of our web site. Understand and follow all processes and adhere to company policies. Meet the standards for all Key Performance Indicators (Call Quality, Process Knowledge Assessment, Adherence to Schedule, “Make Busy” %, Contacts Per Hour). Participate in on-going training, focus groups, meetings and process improvement initiatives. Contribute to the completion of special projects. Leadership may assign other duties as necessary. Pyle People Deliver! Ask a Pyle driver about our Company and Culture. Open door policy. Company leaders know your name. 4th generation of family ownership. Family owners and Senior Leadership regularly visit every location to listen to employees. Committed to assuring a secure future for the 2,700 families that depend upon Pyle for their livelihood.