Req ID: 20330 Shift: Days Employment Status: AT - Active - Temporary Job Summary JOB SUMMARY 1\. Opportunities to gain corporate experience by being involved in projects, staff meetings, and corporate events. 2\. Training on the appropriate tools, languages, and documentation required. 3\. Exposure to a number of advanced technologies, such as ERP systems, Epic, and wireless networking in a multi-platform environment. 4\. The assignment is expected to last 3-6 months, depending on the student’s school schedule. 5\. Works under direct supervision in support of team initiatives. An IS Co-op Student: 1\. Must be currently attending a college, university or graduated within the past year. 2\. Pursuing or earned a Computer Science, Engineering, Technology, or related Business degree 3\. Minimum GPA of 2.5 4\. Ability to work with individuals at all levels within the organization. 5\. Demonstrates excellent oral/written communication and presentation skills. 6\. Effectively working with others. 7\. Maintain an identifiable/professional attire at all times, including using identification cards 8\. The ability to demonstrate flexibility and interest in doing a variety of tasks throughout the project lifecycle. 9\. All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. This is for our Fall/Winter 2018 Co-op Cycle with interviews taking place through late July/early August, and the Co-op program running from September through December. Required Education and Experience IS REQUIREMENTS 1\. Understand and comply with all enterprise and IS departmental information security policies, procedures and standards. 2\. Support the integration of information security in the development, design, and implementation of Hospital Technology Resources that process, transmit, or store CHOP information. 3\. Support all compliance activities related to state, federal regulatory requirements, healthcare accreditation standards, and all other applicable regulations that govern the use and disclosure of patient, financial, or other confidential information. EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS Be enrolled in an accredited college or university or graduated within the past year. Provide proof of enrollment and/or an official transcript All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Additional Technical Requirements Strong experience with Microsoft Office applications including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint Strong written and verbal communication skills Able to work in an organized manner, work well with others, with attention to detail. Must have initiative and good problem solving skills. All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer). Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 866-820-9288 Email: TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu