The IT Systems Administrator is responsible for creating and maintaining the company’s computer systems and networks. As a systems administrator you will be responsible for figuring out an organization’s needs in terms of computers and network infrastructure and then implementing that plan. It involves defining requirements for end-user devices and connectivity to network services, maintaining the hardware and systems, and keeping software up to date. The systems administrator is ultimately responsible for business continuity by maximizing systems’ uptime and ensuring a viable disaster recovery plan is in place. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES Develop and update the network’s environment architecture and documentation. Monitor and maintain business critical network services. Troubleshoot software, hardware and network issues. Support the IT help desk system. Enforce all required cybersecurity elements. Backup and restore an organization's data files and systems. Direct all IT-related contractors and consultants. Coordinate with all other company’s IT staff, other IT sys admins and support specialists. EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS BS in computer engineering or similar with significant experience in an IT role such as user support, networking, and/or security. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES Well-versed with computer hardware and software. Knowledgeable with network and cybersecurity technologies and best practices. Equally comfortable with the do-it-youself or outsource approach to deployments or solving problems. A strong communicator in order to effectively communicate and advise staff on network and computer issues. A methodical problem-solver with an aptitude for learning and quickly adapting new skills. Patient and resourceful. Ability to inspire global collaboration. Ability to have fun! US Citizen _Please note this description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice._ _Orolia is an equal opportunity employer who does not discriminate based on race, color, citizenship, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran’s status or any protected category. We encourage veterans and people with disabilities to apply._