At Pandora, we're a unique collection of engineers, musicians, designers, marketers, and world-class sellers with a common goal: to enrich lives by delivering effortless personalized music enjoyment and discovery. People—the listeners, the artists, and our employees—are at the center of our mission and everything we do. Actually, employees at Pandora are a lot like the service itself: bright, eclectic, and innovative. Collaboration is the foundation of our workforce, and we’re looking for smart individuals who are self-motivated and passionate to join us. Be a part of the engine that creates the soundtrack to life. Discover your future at Pandora! One of Pandora’s 2018 Company-wide goals is to “Advance Partner Relationships” with major wireless, broadband and consumer service providers. We are looking for an Infrastructure Architect to manage this effort for Pandora’s Subscription, Billing and Payment systems. Pandora has a great opportunity for a seasoned Infrastructure Architect with several years of diverse experience, and a passion for learning and applying new technical knowledge. This role will: 1) ensure alignment of project specific designs with application architecture roadmap, 2) support the project and/or product teams on functional and technical design activities, 3) defining the interaction between application packages, databases, and middleware systems to optimize product functional coverage, and 4) act as subject matter expert (SME) for partner products that require integration with Pandora’s Subscription, Billing & Payment systems. You should have outstanding system architecture skills, with a deep understanding of large-scale application development and system integrations. You should have a track record of integrating robust, scalable, multithreaded applications. As a member of our highly motivated team you should be dedicated to excellence and have a strong sense of personal responsibility. Most of all, you should be engaged and excited to work with a team that’s building complex systems for tens of millions of users every day. You will be expected to influence senior stakeholders, both internal and external with excellent communication skills. Requirements: Minimum 8 years of software infrastructure architecture and partner integration experience of scalable, reliable, distributed systems and services Experience with commerce gateways such as Paypal, PaymentTech or frameworks such as Recurly Deep understanding of both Cloud and on-premise solutions Expert level back end development with object oriented languages like Java Experience working with back end storage systems like SQL databases and NoSQL data stores (e.g. Postgres or Redis) Experience developing for Linux-based deployment platforms Requirements: Experience architecting and integrating partner subscription, payment and billing systems at scale Previous management or project management experience Experience working cross functionally with product management, finance, legal, and marketing organizations Comfortable working across the full technology stack including front end and web applications Knowledge of HDFS / HIVE _Pandora is committed to diversity in its workforce. Pandora is an equal employment opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants without regard to gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, race, veteran or disability status. Women and people of color are encouraged to apply._ _Pandora is also a VEVRAA federal contractor. Pandora requests priority referrals of protected veterans from each ESDS, as required by regulation._ _If you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to apply for a position, please contact us by sending an email to disability@pandora.com This email box is designed to assist job seekers who require a reasonable accommodation to the application process. A response to your request may take up to two business days._ _In your email, please include the following:_ _The specific accommodation requested to complete the employment application._ _The location or office to which you would like to apply_ _The subject of the email should read "Request for Reasonable Accommodation"._