Responsible for: Planning, developing, and implementing ISO and cGMP compliance elements to enhance the Quality Management System Project management to execute implementation plans, and drive quality objectives and goals. Customer Audits and resolving customer complaints. Manage customer complaints, nonconforming product, root cause investigation, corrective/preventive actions, audits, document control, and training daily Assist with investigation of internal and external non-conforming product, materials, and components daily Oversee the internal audit function to ensure ongoing compliance to the Quality Management System monthly Perform necessary functions to verify corrective action effectiveness on manufacturing processes and support functions monthly Develop and deliver quality training for manufacturing and support function personnel based on working knowledge of ISO, CFRs, and SOPs quarterly Review/approve change control activities, non-conformances, customer complaint investigations daily Manage external customer assessments from scheduling to audit close outs monthly Responsible for measurement and analysis of Quality System trends monthly Manage, develop and supervise the QA, QC and QE group. Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws Perform other duties as assigned Skills and Knowledge: Uses and interprets statistical data for making business decisions Ability to explain, describe, or share information clearly; Organizes information in a framework others can understand. Expert ability to produce effective, concise written communications about technical subjects including engineering studies, qualification protocols, and technical reports. Reviews written material and recommends revisions. Ability to work on multiple projects, managing a broad range of tasks and prioritizing activities Strong team-building skills; Acts to promote commitment to a team task or goal Ability to influence peers and managers to ensure that objectives are met on time Performs on-the-job training using tools, equipment, and materials trainees will use Demonstrated ability to effectively manage multiple moderately complex projects simultaneously. Must demonstrate and project integrity to employees and customers and uphold the company’s highest ethical standards Effective interpersonal skills at any level within the organization Lead and offer opinions and direction to colleagues Ability to interact effectively with internal and external customers in order to accomplish goals Knowledge in Regulatory, Compliance Systems and Standards Knowledge of ISO, FDA, cGMP’s, and CFR requirements Experience with Root Cause Analysis Tools, Lean Manufacturing, and Six Sigma. Knowledge of Kepner Tregoe, SPC, and quality statistical methods and tools Experience in Kaizen events Understanding and experience in the application of FMECA and DOE Proficient computer skills in handling spreadsheets, presentations, and new systems Ability to manage budgets Applicable safety trainings such as: RCRA, DOT, etc. Minimal bending, lifting, and pushing Qualifications Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Science in Engineering, Biology (or science related), or Math 5+ years’ experience in cGMP or ISO quality system manufacturing environment 2+ years’ supervisory experience Pall is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, gender, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other characteristic protected by law. Danaher Corporation Overview Danaher is a global science & technology innovator committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges and improve quality of life worldwide. Our world class brands are leaders in some of the most demanding and attractive industries, including life sciences, medical diagnostics, dental, environmental and applied solutions. Our globally diverse team of 67,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System, which serves as our competitive advantage. We generated $18.3B in revenue last year. We are ranked 162 on the Fortune 500 and our stock has outperformed the S&P; 500 by more than 1,200% over 20 years. At Danaher, you can build a career in a way no other company can duplicate. Our brands allow us to offer dynamic careers across multiple industries. We’re innovative, fast-paced, results-oriented, and we win. We need talented people to keep winning. Here you’ll learn how DBS is used to shape strategy, focus execution, align our people, and create value for customers and shareholders. Come join our winning team. Organization: Pall Job Function: Quality and Regulatory Affairs Primary Location: North America-North America-United States-NY-Hauppauge Schedule: Full-time