Eze Software Group (Eze Software) is seeking an Engagement Specialist to join the Operations team focusing on the implementation of file based integrations. We are looking for an organized individual that can coordinate with a variety of teams, communicate with technical staff, and drive software solutions to completion. Engagement Specialists on the Operations team are responsible for the implementation of file-based integrations between Eze Software clients and their various third party providers. These Data Integrations are critical in facilitating the transfer of data in and out of the various Eze platforms to their Prime Brokers, Custodians, and other 3rd party firms. Without these data inflows and outflows, much of the middle and back-office operations would not be possible. The Engagement Specialist will work directly with the business consulting and engagement teams to implement, configure and test these integration requests from across the global client base. The Engagement Specialist will coordinate with internal and external teams to ensure timely delivery of the file-based integration while managing communication of timelines and priorities. Active interaction with external third parties will be required. Job Functions: Implement, configure and test Eze Software’s product suite with a focus on Operations and File-Based integrations. Manage multiple projects across global clients and help address the queue of file-based implementation work. Actively engage with stakeholders to identify areas of inefficiency and improve internal team processes. Help develop repeatable implementation plans to consistently and efficiently deliver against company, team, and individual goals critical to various projects. Establish a strong relationship with internal and external clients. Serve as a knowledge resource to immediate team members, Assist with escalated inquired both internal and external. Ability to work collaboratively with Engagement Manager Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree required 2+ years of professional experience in either a financial services or technology support role preferred. Experience and strong understanding of the Investment Lifecycle with a focus on securities settlement, custody and reconciliation or middle/back-office operations. Working knowledge of domestic and international equity, fixed income, and derivative products. Demonstrated project management and organizational skills; must have the ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects effectively in a fast-paced environment. Must have analytical thinking and problem solving abilities Effective communication skills to set internal and external expectations. Working knowledge of relational databases, Windows server environments and experience learning new technical tools. Who We Are: We are a trusted and proven partner to the investment community. We complement our award winning investment workflow technology with expert global customer service. We pride ourselves on fully understanding each client’s unique needs and advising them on best practices and processes to maximize their operational and investment alpha. Our team is made up of more than 1,000 global employees in 11 locations worldwide. We are headquartered in Boston, with offices in Chicago, Hong Kong, Hyderabad, London, New York, Rio De Janeiro, San Francisco, Singapore, Stamford, and Sydney. Our Culture: We are a highly dedicated team of innovators and experts who love to collaborate on the cutting edge. We service our clients’ unique and growing needs with highly configurable, expansive, and integrated products for the entire investment process and community and we are never satisfied until our customers are delighted. We celebrate this passion and commitment by fostering a culture that promotes innovation, growth, communication and achievement from the bottom up. We nurture the entrepreneurial spirit and welcome productive debated. We encourage open communications and upward feedback, we learn quickly from our mistakes, challenge the status quo – all while remaining accountable to our colleagues and clients. We also understand work is a big part of life, so having fun and celebrating hard work is core within our culture. Eze Software Group is an equal opportunity employer.