Job Description Summary: This is a highly skilled technical role with ultimate responsibility for the support of HPE Oracle database environments providing technical expertise in designing, building, tuning, installing, configuring and troubleshooting Databases and Middleware technologies. Will provide technical leadership for large and complex database build and migration efforts. Work closely with the engineers, architects, project and program managers to define and design strategies for better data management infrastructure and processes. This role will be responsible for developing, documenting and maintaining logical and physical database models; and ensuring designs comply with standards guidelines and procedures; will research and analyze the impact of proposed changes and ensure that corporate data is effectively implemented, managed and secured. Provide consulting support to Application Development teams as well as DBA's on complex integrated systems including distributed solutions. Provide analysis and guidance on migration and consolidation efforts Job Description: This position will provide support in architecture planning, installation, monitoring, configuration, administration, testing, evaluating, and troubleshooting for all Oracle database instances. Collaborate with Application and Infrastructure teams for adherence to best practices and process standardization. Other key responsibilities for this position are to monitor and ensure high availability of environment and quickly respond and diagnose problems. Utilize and leverage new features of all underlying technologies and work closely with the Enterprise Database Manager.. Another area of responsibility for this position will be to provide leadership role and create awareness and guidance for application development and business teams as we migrate, consolidate and re-platform various applications from Oracle to NO-SQL technology Works with minimal supervision and receives general direction from Enterprise Database Manager. Responsibilities: Design backup/recovery procedures and ensure validity Develop archival strategy that conforms to HPE security and audit guidelines Develop and execute an appropriate delivery team model (e.g., resources, skills, process management) to meet current and projected needs/constraints. Support implementation of new releases of DBMS software; plan and implement new features where appropriate Mentors less experienced DBA's and application developers Ensure adequate 24x7 support and develop “How To” procedures to deal with incidents. Perform database migration, merging and consolidation as needed. Participate in change and incident management procedures and problem resolutions. Analyze database implementation methods and ensure they are in line with company policies Proactively monitor operation logs and optimize system performance using available monitoring and DB optimization tools Additional Job Description: Experience in Oracle Data Guard and Standby/Failover Administration Highly skilled in Oracle 10g/11g/12c Database Administration Hand on experience on Query Tuning and Performance Optimization DB Ops Automation, Alert and Monitoring, Backup and Restore Hands on experience in Data Modeling and design Knowledgeable in Oracle RAC & ASM Administration Knowledgeable in PL/SQL Procedure and Package Development Experience managing high performing teams and databases Ability to prioritize workload and work effectively under pressure with a high degree of independence. Must be versatile, flexible, and proactive when resolving technical issues Ability to handle diverse situations and rapidly changing priorities with deadlines Experience setting up database Disaster Recovery site is a plus Excellent Interpersonal Communication Skills Exposure to SQL Server and NO-SQL database technology is a plus Education and Professional Experience: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Information Technology or related field and at least 10+ years of hands on work, lead and support of production databases Previous leadership and team management experience Strong organizational and time management skills Communicate/work effectively in a team environment Effective in meeting deadlines. LI-MF1 Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities. HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.