About Us: Ohmstede is the largest and recognized leader in North America for manufacturing, off-site cleaning, and repair of highly engineered shell and tube heat exchangers. Ohmstede offers its integrated ONE solution as the single point of responsibility for servicing industry needs for shop and field. Job Title: Systems Administrator Job Summary: Responsible for the effective and timely provisioning, installing, configuring, operation, and maintenance of systems hardware, software and related infrastructure to facilitate integrity and sustainability of the networked environment. Conduct technical research implement appropriate solutions. Ensure that system hardware, operating systems, software systems, and related procedures adhere to Company standards and policies and security requirements. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Perform needs analysis, procurement support, installation, training, monitoring, organizing, and problem resolution with all network assets and applications. Assist internal customers with computer systems management, support, and maintenance in a networked environment. Trouble-shoot network issues that arise, running cable when needed, configuring and deploying network switches and equipment. Manage hardware inventory, including overseeing semiannual inventory counts at all locations. Assist with imaging and deployment of computer hardware when needed. Monitor and manage software licensing compliance. Participate in projects such as storage migrations, technology refresh and new technology introductions. Assist with monitoring system load and security across all of the Windows servers in the data center and remote offices. Create and verify backups of data. Assist with troubleshooting daily technical issues and other day to day tasks. Respond to 2nd level help desk calls as needed. Suggest areas for improvement in internal processes along with possible solutions. Be a contributing member of the disaster recovery (DR) team. Work to identify potential DR issues throughout the enterprise and help develop solutions. Monitor DR services, assist in the implementation of DR solutions, and execute periodic disaster recovery tests. Monitor the centralized logging system to identify threats and vulnerabilities. Resolve identified vulnerabilities in an expeditious manner. Assist in requests for proposals, vendor selection, and contract monitoring. Monitor and manage third party services as needed. Participate in an on-call rotation to provide 24x7 coverage for the production environment. Other duties as assigned by management. Qualifications: Bachelors degree in related field; Related experience may be substituted for a degree. Possess applied knowledge and hands on experience and expertise with most of the following: o Dell and Meraki hardware o EMC appliances o VMWare virtualization technologies o DNS, DHCP, SMTP, group policy and other services o Microsoft Active Directory o VLAN setup o Scripting using Batch, VBScript and Powershell o EMC Avamar o DDP encryption o Logrhythm o Recent Microsoft Windows Server editions o Microsoft Windows 7 and 10 Professional and Office applications Minimum of 4 years of experience in an enterprise network environment Experience with DR and Business Continuity NEC and Avaya phone system programming is a plus Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment Able to work evenings and/or weekends when necessary Able to travel to remote offices, generally TX and LA, when necessary Excellent communication skills, both oral and written We offer our employees a competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package and are always looking for individuals with the talent and skills required to contribute to our continued growth and success. EOE M/F/Vet/Disabled Click here to apply online