Purpose Manage Microsoft SQL, MySQL and Oracle servers and related systems; develop and maintain database driven solutions used in systems administration; administer the department's processes of automated systems administration tasks. Essential Functions Install and administer Microsoft SQL, Oracle and MySQL databases used by the systems administration team; assist in administration and troubleshooting of solutions that rely on these databases; assist in the further development of in-house databases. Administer scheduled task servers used by the systems administration team; develop and coordinate new automated tasks as needed; develop and maintain related SQL Server Integration Services packages as required. Develop and maintain web applications used by technical staff to manage IT resource data stored in Microsoft SQL, Oracle and MySQL databases. Assist in development of web applications used by the systems administration team in direct management of IT resources such as computer systems and Active Directory objects. Assist in installation, configuration and daily administration and troubleshooting of database related services; assist with periodic deployment of database dependent applications for the department's application developer teams. Assist in general administration of servers maintained by the systems management team. Marginal/Incidental functions Other related functions as assigned. Required qualifications At least one year experience administering a Windows server. Experience maintaining a SQL database. Experience writing applications or scripts for computer system management. Good interpersonal and communication interaction. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Preferred Qualifications At least three years' experience administering an environment with multiple Window servers. Experience administering a Microsoft SQL cluster. Experience automating system administration tasks using PowerShell. Experience developing applications or scripts for Active Directory management. Experience working with ASP.Net applications. Ability to work independently with little or no supervision. Ability to coordinate work with members of a team. Ability to perform tasks with attention to detail and with discretion for sensitive information. Working conditions May work around standard office conditions May work around electrical and mechanical hazards Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation Use of manual dexterity Lifting and moving Lifting and moving: occasional boxes of cables, server, computer, or similar equipment weighing less than 50 lbs A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus