At Boston Children’s Hospital, success is measured in patients treated, parents comforted and teams taught. It’s in discoveries made, processes perfected, and technology advanced through major medical breakthroughs and small acts of kindness. And in colleagues who have your back and patients who have your heart. As a teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School, our reach is global and our impact is profound. Join our acclaimed Department of Contracting & Pricing organization and discover how your talents can change lives. Yours included. This Manager, Contracting Analytics – Contracting & Pricing - will be responsible for: Reporting to the Director of Pricing and Analytics, working collaboratively with the Hospital’s Enterprise Contracting and Finance, ISD Departments, the Physician Organization, Pediatric Physician Organizations at Children’s (PPOC) and Children’s Hospital Integrated Care Organization (CHICO) leadership. Managing the day-to-day financial and contracting analytic functions for the Hospital, PO, and PPOC. Overseeing and directing the team in the collection and analysis of data to support strategic framework and contracting negotiation efforts. Ensuring the enterprise payor contracts for hospital, PO and PPOC are maintained accurately in the hospital’s decision support system (DSS) to support strategic modeling and decision making. Serving as data analytic subject matter expert to the Enterprise Contract team and other departments to support all contract negotiation data needs. Performing project management functions to ensure financial evaluations and recommendations are delivered timely and accurately. To qualify you must have: A Bachelor’s degree in business, finance, health care administration or a closely related field and five to six years’ experience is required, a Master’s degree in business, finance, health care administration is preferred. Excellent oral, written, and interpersonal communication skills. The ability to collaborate and develop appropriate relationships, in order to influence support needed to lead effective change. The ability to effectively manage the employees within the Division to influence and negotiate with peer level managers on issues and programs that impact assigned unit/department. Demonstrated Experience to effectively deal with conflicting views or issues and mediating fair and workable solutions. Boston Children’s Hospital offers competitive compensation and unmatched benefits, including an affordable health, vision and dental insurance, generous levels of time off, 403(b) Retirement Savings plan, Pension, Tuition Reimbursement and discounted rates on T-passes (50% off). Discover your best. Boston Children’s Hospital is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.