The Landmarks Preservation Commission seeks a Data Analyst to work under the supervision of the Chief Information Officer. The position will facilitate public accessibility to all aspects of the agency?s work; support the development of the agency?s integrated database; create business process improvements and streamlined work processes; assist with website organization and implement an Electronic Records Information Management program.Responsibilities include but are not limited to: ? Provide support agency-wide for newly implemented application, AppTrack;? managing the development, maintenance and distribution to the public of Research and Preservation Department data; acquiring and integrating data and metadata on designated and calendared properties and permit applications;? Interpreting data from primary and secondary sources using statistical techniques and providing ongoing reports; ? analyzing data in the Agency databases, including cross-analysis with data from other city agencies;? Compiling and validating data, reinforcing and maintaining compliance with standards; ? Developing and initiating more efficient data collection procedures;? Writing detailed functional test plans to ensure system changes work properly, existing processes remain unaffected, and the needs of the users are met;? Creating scripts for training all internal users and external customers on system changes and new procedures;? Working with managing leadership to prioritize business and information requirements;? generating ideas for document management projects;? conducting and maintaining an electronic data inventory;? business process analysis and software testing, including planning, executing, and reporting. Minimum Qual Requirements (1) A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college, including or supplemented by twenty-four (24) semester credits in computer science or a related computer field; or (2) A four year high school diploma or its educational equivalent plus (3) years of satisfactory fulltime computer programming experience; or (3) A satisfactory combination of education and experience that is equivalent to (1) or (2) above. College education may be substituted for up to one year of the experience required in (2) above on the basis that sixty (60) semester credits from an accredited college is equated to one year of experience. In addition, twenty-four (24) credits from an accredited college or graduate school in computer science or a related computer field, or a certificate of at least 625 hours in computer programming from an accredited technical school (post high school) may be substituted for one year of experience. However, all candidates who attempt to qualify under option (3) must have at least a four year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and at least (1) year of satisfactory full-time computer programming experience. Some examples of unacceptable experience are: End users of a computer system, program or software package; experience in the areas of end user computer technical support, computer operations, data entry/data retrieval, quality assurance (QA); end user hardware installation; end user help desk; teaching, telecommunications, experience in Microsoft Office Suite/Back Office products. Preferred Skills The successful candidate will have a minimum of three years data analyst experience with a business analyst background. Usability/ user experience expertise a plus.? Highly collaborative style, ability to collaborate with peers in both business, and technical areas. ? Experience and proficiency in preparing planning documents and written reports. ? Ability to produce high quality requirement specifications to support application functional design development. ? Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings. ? Experience with MS Office (MS Word, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Project). Advanced Access skills and SQL server experience are a plus.The Landmarks Preservation Commission will only respond to qualified candidates.APPLICANTS MUST EITHER BE PERMANENT IN THE TITLE OF COMPUTER PROGRAMMER ANALYST OR BE ON THE LIST ESTABLISHED FROM EXAM 7004. To Apply Please submit resume and cover letter to: NYC Careers at https://a127-jobs.nyc.gov/Current City employees must apply through Employee Self Service (ESS) at http://cityshare.nycnet/ess, under Recruiting Activities/Careers/136-2019-356985.While we appreciate every applicant's interest, only those under consideration will be contacted.If you were educated in a foreign school, you must be able to submit an evaluation of your foreign education from an approved organization.Final appointment is subject to approval by the Office of Management and Budget. Residency Requirement New York City Residency is not required for this position