The Big Data Technical Architect reports to the Sr. Manager of Data Architecture. As part of the global IT strategy, the Data Management department is a looking for a Digital Technical Lead to help shape our Data Management architecture and future systems to ingest, process and delivery data to the business. You will be joining the Global IT Management team as part of the Data Architecture team. As such, you will be part of a team that manages the global organization data, ensures proper security and implements systems that solve the most urgent problems of the industry by using big data sets. Your role will focus on defining and managing the architecture of our Hadoop platform, helping the data management team to ensure efficient and reliable operation of the system by making key design decisions on application architecture. You will solve some of the problems hands-on by developing scripts and quick solutions to help the organization automate tasks within the Hadoop infrastructure. You will cover all technologies interacting with, or running on the Hadoop environment; as well as our API management systems. Must have: 3+ years of professional active, hands-on experience running Hadoop and related technologies (HortonWorks a plus). 5+ years of experience using Linux systems. 7+ years of Java development experience, using opensource frameworks and tools (Apache, Spring, J2EE, Spark). Experience with deployment/orchestration tools (i.e., Jenkins) and microservices. Experience using JDBC for different databases and Web-services APIs. Proven analytical, problem-solving and troubleshooting skills. Solid oral and written communication skills in English. Team spirit with a delivery/results-driven mindset. Nice to have: Energy Industry background/experience. Experience with Azure, Oracle and/or Google deployments of applications. Working experience with Redshift, EMR, BigQuery, Neptune, and API management tools. Mission and responsibilities: Is accountable for ensuring proper operation of our digital platform by: Coordinating with other teams on application design; Defining the application architecture for new deployments; Ensuring proper security of the Hadoop environment. Assists other Data Management Architects on design of data management systems and operations. Responsible for continuous improvement in our digital data architecture: Stay informed of vendor offerings to reduce our costs, become more competitive and maximize use of technologies for the business; Help identify areas of improvement using the data lakes and potential migration paths to reduce our costs; Promote the Data Management solutions within the organization; Create and maintain a set of standards and best practices for using data lake systems.