Role Summary: The Data Engineering team helps solve our customers' toughest challenges; making flights safer, power cheaper, and oil & gas production safer for people and the environment by leveraging data and analytics. The Lead Data Engineer will work with the team to create state-of-the-art data and analytics driven solutions, working across GE to drive business analytics to a new level of predictive analytics while leveraging big data tools and technologies. Essential Responsibilities: As a Sr Data Engineer, you will be part of a data engineering team supporting the maintenance and evolution of the data integration & indexing modules of an innovative (patent pending), in-house built, product serving 1000+ users from the BHGE company. These teams typically include statisticians, computer scientists, software developers, engineers, product managers, and end users, working in concert with partners in GE business units. Potential application areas include remote monitoring and diagnostics across infrastructure and industrial sectors, financial portfolio risk assessment, and operations optimization. In this role you will: Work with business stakeholders in defining new data models and driving the end-to-end implementation. Connect and configure new data sources to the existing application. Lead the monitoring and support of the current data integration & indexing solution. Integrate domain data knowledge into development of data requirements. Look across multiple systems, understands the purpose of each system and defines data requirements by systems. Identify downstream implications of data loads/migration (e.g., data quality, regulatory, etc.). Qualifications/Requirements: Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or equivalent (STEM) with minimum 5 years of experience as data engineer. A minimum of 2 year of experience using Hadoop ecosystem, Map-Reduce, Spark, NoSQL (HBase, MongoDB etc.), Cassandra is required A minimum of 2 year of experience using Scripting (Pig, Python, Perl, etc.) is required A minimum of 2 years of experience with Core Java, Java WebServices development SOAP, REST APIs A minimum of 1 year of experience working on Database(s), SQL is required Eligibility Requirements: (Country Specific) Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job Must be willing to work out of an office located in Houston Texas Desired Characteristics: Technical Expertise: Primary role in recent positions must be as a Lead Data Engineer or Senior Data Engineer Ability to leverage data assets to respond to complex questions that require timely answers Basic level knowledge in area of modeling expertise (e.g., data, physics, or domain driven). Aware of basic forms of modeling and how they apply to different types of data (e.g., text, voice, image, survival, time dependent, etc.) Conducts exploratory data analysis and generates visual summaries of data. Identifies data quality issues. Actively identifies needs for novel methods/tools and works with team to invent as necessary. Validates new tools and methodologies. Proficiency in the use of the Hadoop data integration tech-stack (Oozie, Sqoop, Hive, MapReduce) and Apache SolR. Domain Knowledge: Demonstrates knowledge of business' structure (P&Ls) & the levers that support the business goals. Offers data solutions as a method to achieve bus objectives. Knowledgeable about pricing and cost drivers for Services model(s) of their business; aware of services models of other GE businesses. Understands basic functionality and interoperability of product modules / components. Does a comparison analysis of trends, implements action towards new direction/trend. Articulates the value proposition of existing technology capabilities and maps them to customer requirements to minimize incremental cost of development. Leadership: Works effectively with multi-disciplinary teams (e.g., UX, GE Business teams) and understands the interconnections between them. Uses teamwork skills to achieve goals, solve problems, and manage conflict. Understands strengths and weaknesses of team members, and consistently leverage these to achieve goals. Creates a trusting and cooperative environment fostering creativity and knowledge sharing. Identifies multiple solutions & provides in depth scenario analyses. Identifies and explores alternative solutions. Effectively transitions the solution creation process into action. Identifies solutions that can be proven as both feasible and efficient for creating business value. Prioritizes effectively. Demonstrated awareness of presentation and influencing skills Personal Attributes: Asks appropriate questions needed to translate an abstract problem into a quantifiable analysis for identifying solutions. Seeks out processes and ideas that are out of the norm. Continuous leaner. Demonstrated awareness of how to succeed in ambiguous circumstances DTR About Us: GE is the world's Digital Industrial Company, transforming industry with software-defined machines and solutions that are connected, responsive and predictive. Through our people, leadership development, services, technology and scale, GE delivers better outcomes for global customers by speaking the language of industry. GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Locations: United States; Texas; Houston GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening.