Job Description At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers’ expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers’ financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members. The Shared Risk Platform Team helps all Wells Fargo businesses identify and manage risk. The team focuses on several key risk areas, including credit risk, operational risk, market risk, reputation risk, and compliance risk. The Shared Risk Platform Team strives to ensure that all Wells Fargo corporate functions and lines of business soundly manage risk, comply with applicable laws and regulations, and offer products and services that meet the needs of our customers. The group provides leadership, enhances communications, assists with problem identification and solutions, and shares best practices. In addition, the group provides an enterprise-wide view of risk, assists management and our Board of Directors in identifying and monitoring risks that may affect multiple lines of business, and takes appropriate action when business activities exceed the risk tolerance of the company. The person that fills this position will be a vital part of our team and will be responsible for translating complex business and data requirements into logical data models adhering to defined data Modeling standards and industry best practice. Primary responsibilities for the individual in this role will be: Translate business and data requirements into logical data models adhering to defined data Modelling standards and industry best practices. Consult with Database Administrators to translate Logical Models into a performant Physical models Consult with other Modelers to rapidly integrate complex data sources into existing and new data models. Ensuring proper implementation and utilization of the data structures. Provide guidance to data analysts in performance of analytic and data quality functions. Support analysis and profiling of the most complex data needs. Consult with our Business Partners to understanding their business needs and recommend solutions. Translate complex technical concepts into something digestible by our business partners. Build relationships with Subject Matter Expert (SME)s of the respective source system development teams. Assist in defining strategy in areas such as Data Integration, Architecture, Data Quality, Meta data Management and Master Data Management. Responsible for very complex partner assignments to identify and define strategic business issues that require analyses and translates this information into insight, knowledge and understanding of the business and the industry. Analytics involved generally span multiple functional areas/business lines/data sources. Responsibilities also include: Identifying opportunities for additional statistical models and/or creating sophisticated computer modeling approaches to analyze and forecast business performance; participating in and/or leading management information capabilities development work; Interpreting and presenting results of analyses and recommendations to senior management. Ensures adherence to data management/data governance regulations and policies. Data involved may be very large, structured or unstructured, and from multiple sources. To a certain degree, may be involved directly or indirectly in the technical build-out and/or support of databases, query tools, reporting tools, BI tools, dashboards, etc. that enable analysis, modeling, and/or data visualization. Leads project/virtual teams & mentors lower level staff. The preferred work locations area Charlotte-NC, Chandler-AZ, Minneapolis-MN and other locations. Preference will be given to those candidates that either currently live in or are willing to relocate these locations with limited to no relocation assistance. Telecommuting could be option for candidates that have telecommuting experience. Preference will be given to those candidates that have Wells Fargo telecommuting is experience. Required Qualifications 6+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 4+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling 6+ years of analytics experience 6+ years of data modeling experience 6+ years of SQL experience 5+ years of Big Data experience 5+ years of experience one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling in an information security environment, information technology environment, or a combination of both 3 + years of experience working with large data sets Desired Qualifications Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills 5+ years of data analysis experience 5+ years of data management experience 5+ years of ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) Programming experience 3+ years of Ab Initio experience 3+ years of Hadoop experience Knowledge and understanding of data governance challenges and approaches: metadata, data quality, and data stewardship Ability to develop operational reporting and performing complex data analysis Knowledge and understanding of conversions, system analysis, data mapping, conversion reconcilement, validation and implementations Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.