PLANNED PARENTHOOD MAR MONTE San Jose, CA Event Manager POSITION SUMMARY: Reporting to Director of Major Gifts, the position is responsible for the overall planning, implementation and management of the special events throughout the affiliate. The ideal candidate will possess the ability to stay composed under pressure, work well as part of a collaborative team, be detail-oriented and have exceptional communication and organizational skills and use of sound judgment. DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES: (as appropriate to work site and scope of services) ESSENTIAL DUTIES Plans, design and implements events, primarily in the Bay Area, Central Coast and Central Valley regions of the affiliate including but not limited to major events, political fundraisers, house parties, open houses, donor appreciation and cultivation events. Assist with preparing budgets and provide periodic progress reports to staff directors for each event project. Develops event budgets, tracks of event finances including check requests, invoicing, and reporting in coordination with Director of Major gifts and within budget scope. Plans, manages, coordinates and keynote speakers, space contracts and book event space, arrange food and beverage, order supplies and audiovisual equipment, make travel arrangements, order event signs, and ensure appropriate décor (florals, linens, color schemes, etc.) to meet the quality expectations of PPMM. Negotiates fees, honorariums, and agreements/contracts with speakers, performers and other talent for events. Creates and manages room layouts for each event. Ensures smooth operation of all events, end to end. Serve as liaison with vendors on event-related matters. Assist with on-site production, set up and clean up for events as necessary. Designs and prepare nametags, event materials, seating charts, and other collateral materials for events. Responsible for and supervises volunteers/interns for event planning and operations. Close out all events as required. This includes but is not limited to contracts, payments for goods/services etc. Ensures monitoring of team email and addressing general inquiries, entering event related data into Development Department Data Base system, all deadlines are scheduled and adhered to in timely manner. Maintains and organizes event supplies, inventory Performs other duties as assigned. Serve as key member on all event committees. QUALIFICATIONS: The ability to perform the duties described above. A typical means of acquiring these abilities would be: High School diploma required, AA degree preferred. Bachelor’s degree a plus 1 to 2 years event management/coordination experience, preferably in a Not for Profit Fundraising/Development setting. This includes management of event contracts, budgets and planning Availability to work nights, weekends and some travel as needed. Event coordination, Nonprofit development and/or external affairs experience a preferred. Proficiency in Microsoft Office (Word; Excel; PowerPoint) required. Database experience a plus. Raiser’s Edge a plus REQUIREMENTS: Excellent organizational and decision-making skills (ability to initiate work and set priorities with minimal supervision). Analytic Must be detail oriented with high degree of consistency and accuracy, organized, positive, adaptable and able to multi-task in fast paced environment Excellent writing, proofreading and verbal communication skills Ability to relate professionally to major donors, staff and the public and to collaborate with diverse groups. Ability to maintain confidentiality. PLANNED PARENTHOOD IS PROUD TO BE AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER