Drive an Industry Forward Creating and extending computing technology to connect and enrich the lives of every person on Earth-that's our vision, is it yours? We are changing the world at Intel. At Intel's AI Product Group, the Movidius Team have been at the forefront of designing and delivering solutions for exciting new machine vision markets and to date have delivered the successful Myriad VPUs and Neural Compute Stick Programs. We are continuing to work on innovative VPU & SoC designs for machine vision and deep learning applications across a broad range of markets. Within the group, the Modelling team is responsible for delivering all functional & transaction accurate models for the complete Movidius VPU IP portfolio. The modelling team is involved from the early stages of product architecture and definition working with the architecture team as well as Hardware and software engineering teams, all the way through to final product supporting our customers’ use of Movidius simulation platforms built around these models. Through the ownership and delivery of initial prototype models supporting technology path finding, Product Requirements and architecture specifications, the modelling team is key in helping set product direction as well as seeing through its execution supporting the greater Movidius engineering team’s use of the production models also delivered by the team. Step inside our world and you’ll find one brilliant mind after another working together across all disciplines in a spirit of collaboration that is simply contagious. And through this shared dedication—this culture of innovation and exploration—we do more than deliver the latest technologies. We deliver the future. See for yourself. Look Inside. That’s where you come in. We need innovators and proven communicators like you to push our thinking. We need your strong collaboration and organizational skills, as well as your ability to effectively work with and lead teams. You will help push us to the next level. Joining us means joining a dynamic team at a company that has established a reputation for innovation. Responsibilities As a model developer within the Movidius Engineering Group, you will be helping define and develop the next generation of computer vision and deep learning at Intel. Working directly with Movidius architects and development engineers around the world to translate component and subsystem requirements and usages into detailed C++ and SystemC models that are functionally accurate and transaction accurate. Your responsibilities shall include but not be limited to: Translating a set of architecture and behavior requirements into a SystemC implementation of Deep Learning and computer HW blocks. Deliver register accurate functional models implemented and validated to the Movidius greater group Deliver transaction & register accurate behavioral models implemented and validated to the Movidius greater group Be a point of contact into the Hardware design and validation team with regards to the model behavior and usage in support of HW implementation. Be a point of contact into the Software design team with regards to the model behavior and usage in support of SW implementation. Working daily with teams across HW/SW SoC disciplines to implement architecture and requirements into complete unit and subsystem models. Interfacing as required to help external customer support teams with customer use of Movidius simulation platforms. What We Offer You When you come to work at Intel, you come to work in a collaborative, supportive environment, where your equally brilliant colleagues will push you to be your best. There’s no fear of failure—we know that’s how innovation happens. And you’ll never be bored. We also offer: Competitive benefits and pay (including bonuses) Opportunities for professional development and continuing education The flexibility you need to achieve balance Intel fosters a collaborative environment allowing the brightest minds in the world to come together to achieve exceptional results. Qualifications Required Experience BS/MS Electrical or Computer Engineering with 2+ years of industry experience in platform development built with embedded SoCs. Proven track record of implementing and test software or hardware components to meet aggressive timeline and development targets. Deep Technical subject matter expertise in one or more of the following areas is critical: C++ development System C development Deep Learning HW architecture Python scripting Desired Experience/Knowledge Deep technical expertise of platform architecture in the areas of power optimization. Inside this Business Group Intel AI, leveraging Intel's world leading position in silicon innovation and proven history in creating the compute standards that power our world, is transforming Artificial Intelligence (AI) with the Intel AI products portfolio. Harnessing silicon designed specifically for AI, end to end solutions that broadly span from the data center to the edge, and tools that enable customers to quickly deploy and scale up, Intel AI is inside AI and leading the next evolution of compute. Other Locations US, California, Folsom; Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.