Our company At Adobe, we’re changing the world. How? We give people the tools to bring their ideas to life and create content that makes life more fun and work more meaningful. We give businesses and organizations the power to truly engage their customers. We're the ones behind the gorgeously designed content that streams across your laptop, TV, phone, and tablet every day—and we’re the ones who harness the massive power of big data to help companies move from data to insight and insight to action by delivering content that people crave most. We’re a company that understands that product innovation comes from people innovation, and that’s why we invest in cultivating leaders throughout the organization. If you’re passionate about leading from where you sit, join us. The challenge The Talent Acquisition organization plays a significant role in driving Adobe’s growth and scale. With a sophisticated approach; the Talent Partner will be key in driving the talent selection strategy for Adobe’s Corporate Function across finance and legal business units while directly driving hiring across the Employee Experience organization. The role will be located in our San Jose HQ. What you’ll do Partner with Customer Experience hiring strategy and execution across all functions including Technical Support Consulting, Technical Development, Program Management and Operations Managing the full cycle recruiting process from req creation to candidate close within employee experience Manage VP and above across all Talent Selection strategy Effectively manage multiple priorities across the business including project orientation such as strong focus on diversity and inclusion Proactive talent engagement: develop custom research, target lists and sourcing strategies for current and future positions. Maintain and augment internal database. Reporting cadence across key leaders as needed. “Art and Science” approach to talent acquisition Must have a working knowledge of compensation plans & pay mixes Partner very closely with HRBP, Compensation and Management level to execute recruiting strategy Effectively partner with talent scouting team Be a consultant by understanding external market, competitive landscape and aligning to business needs. What you need to succeed 5-7 years of recruitment experience in fast paced technology companies with strong knowledge of the technology industry landscape Ideally agency experience preferred Bachelor's degree required Workday Experience is a plus+ Experience with Full-Cycle recruiting from req creation and offer stage is preferred. Ability to build credibility with different levels of management up to VP-level to consult and influence Passion for recruitment with focus on strong candidate and manager engagement. Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication. Must be able to multi-task and be detailed-oriented, strong organization skills are critical What leading at Adobe means At Adobe, we’re passionate about developing leaders at all levels of the organization from individual contributors to people managers. Anyone who’s considering a career with us should know that we evaluate leadership based on these five capabilities: _Demonstrating Strong EQ_ _(Be Aware)_ – Having a keen sense of self awareness is the foundation of leadership at Adobe. Whether you’re an individual contributor or a people manager, you’re someone who’s empathetic and mindful of your impact on others. _Selecting Talent_ _(Be a Recruiter)_ – You’re a guardian and an ambassador for selecting talent at Adobe! You recommend and recruit only the best. You embrace diversity of ideas, experiences and working styles because you know that diverse teams drive better business results. _Role Modeling Check-In (Be a Coach)_ – We don’t believe in annual reviews and rankings. That’s why, feedback flows constantly at Adobe. To succeed, you’ll meet frequently with your manager to receive ongoing feedback, set challenging performance expectations, and pursue continuous development opportunities. _Leading change (Be an Agent of Change)_ – You readily adapt to business changes. Ambiguity or uncertainty never seems to stop you from working productively. You’re maniacally focused on execution and you’re always looking at new approaches to resolving issues. _Scaling the Business (Be an Owner)_ – You approach your role as if you own the business. The buck stops with you. Your goal is to always deliver an exceptional customer experience by listening to feedback and continuously looking to improve efficiencies. Get to know the team Adobe’s Employee Experience Organization The Employee Experience team is part of the larger Customer and Employee Experience organization. This team plays a key role in creating a vibrant and dynamic workplace that reflects our core values. The Employee Experience team helps drive Adobe’s success by enabling all of our people to do and be their best. Key areas of focus include Talent Management, Rewards, Business Partnering, Employee Resource Center and Global Workplace Solutions, supported by a strong foundation in operational excellence. Take a peek into Adobe life in this video and on our blog . More reasons why Adobe life is the good life Skip those awful “ performance reviews .” Work in a place that cultivates great leaders throughout the organization. Feed your brain and grow your skills with educational reimbursements of up to $10,000 per year. Take off for a four-week sabbatical after five years of employment. (As in “don’t even check your email the whole time.”) Take care of yourself and your family in times of need. We have additional company-paid time for medical, parental, maternity and family leave. Give up to $10,000 to your favorite cause each year, and we’ll match every penny. Get generous reimbursement for your favorite wellness activity. Surfing? Judo? Knock yourself out. Kayaking? Whatever floats your boat. Enjoy serious discounts on the Adobe software that will make friends jealous. Winter break? Of course. Summer break, too? Now we’re talking. Those “ best places to work ” lists love us (in multiple countries). Get adoption assistance, backup childcare, pet insurance, commuting reimbursement, and more . The work is awesome. The people are awesome. We think there’s no better place to make an impact. _Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status_ At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age , sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.