Job Description Amazon Lab126 is an inventive research and development company that designs and engineers high-profile consumer electronics. Lab126 began in 2004 as a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc., originally creating the best-selling Kindle family of products. Since then, we have produced groundbreaking devices like Fire tablets, Fire TV, and Amazon Echo. What will you help us create? Work hard. Have fun. Make history. Amazon lab126 is seeking a highly motivated data collection specialist to join our growing computer vision data collection team. The ideal candidate will be flexible, detail-oriented, good with people, and comfortable working with participants in the field. This position requires the ability to work with minimal direction, the capacity to work quickly and be flexible while delivering high-quality results. Having an eye for process improvement is critical as we will look to the data collection specialists for input on how to evolve our collection processes. Primary responsibilities: Manage data collection processes including securing testing materials, handling logistics, training and monitoring participants, and providing daily report outs Own defined projects focused on improving parts of the data collection processes Work closely with engineering to improve software usability and the participant Basic Qualifications Bachelor degree required in a relevant field At least 1 year experience with data collection and processing—End-to-end, hands-on experience with all aspects of data collections (recruiting, moderation, analysis, reporting) Experience working in a corporate environment Experience working with prototype assets Preferred Qualifications End-to-end, hands-on experience with all aspects of data collections (recruiting, moderation, analysis, reporting) -Excellent communication, interpersonal and problem solving skills -Consumer electronic research experience A high level of professionalism, integrity, and discretion in handling confidential information Strong organizational skills and the ability to multi-task effectively A good sense of humor, a positive attitude and great team work skills are a must Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation