At Rational Interaction, we thrive in an innovative, fast-paced environment. We accredit our success and our rapid growth to hiring exceptionally talented, bright, and driven people. We are currently seeking web developers to join our tech client in Redmond, WA. Our client envisions a cloud-empowered world of endless possibilities. A world where passionate innovators come to collaborate and empower. This team is reinventing the way we all work, play, learn and do business. Bring your vision to their mission! Candidates at all levels, who are passionate about technology, and are driven by problem solving are being considered for this team. Be part of the cloud evolution, join the Rational Interaction family. What You Will Do: Deliver new pages and experiences to azure.microsoft.com Integrate front-end and back-end aspects of web application Code UI/UX design wireframes Provision/configure Azure services in the Azure management portal Create scripts and cmdlets in PowerShell to help automate configuration tasks Work with internal tools to report health status, live site issues, etc. What You Will Bring: GitHub Strong C development ASP.NET HTML/CSS/JavaScript Familiar with Azure products such as Azure App Service, SQL Database, Storage, ARM, and the Azure management portal Strong operations knowledge A strong desire to learn and be a part of a collaborative team Experience working with production website/services Familiar with products used for builds and continuous integration such as Teamcity, Jenkins, etc. PowerShell preferred Who You Are: Passionate. About your craft, adding value to the Client by the work you do in the organization. Adaptable. Change happens at lightning speed (especially at Rational), you are flexible, enjoy challenge, and get behind new ideas Independent. You have strong judgement and demonstrated ability to land impact across any audience. Optimist. You see, focus on, and communicate the opportunity, not the hurdles. Rational is a full service, integrated agency with proven ability to deliver across digital, technical, and ongoing consulting engagements. Each of our business practices are deeply rooted in delivering client success. We see ourselves as partners to our clients, and we invest in each of their business goals, ensuring that our work helps deliver on these goals. Client success is our ultimate metric, and what drives our mindset, skillset, and company culture. We were recently named “Best Places to Work” in the state by the Puget Sound Business Journal. We are a team of dreamers and doers. We are designers, marketers, developers, and consultants. We love what we do, and who we do it with – let’s begin our next chapter together