Overview Updike Distribution Logistics provides innovative, cost-effective logistics services across virtually all realms of the supply chain spectrum. We have a unique capability to offer a full array of integrated, in-house logistics solutions, and we have the demonstrated skills to perform. Whether it involves public or contract warehousing, direct-to-store or direct-to-consumer order fulfillment, dedicated or line-haul transportation, and even residential delivery services, you can count on us. You can expect us to execute with a fundamental focus on efficiency and value, utilizing the principles of integrity and responsibility, in all that we do. At the end of the day, we exist to merely be an extension of our customers, and, as your entrusted partner, we stand resolute in achieving total success together. Our people help make up that success. Our team of extraordinary people has enabled us to grow and expand our reach, year after year, by making the collective, unwavering commitment to exceed the expectations of our customers each and every day. Simply put, our culture is purely one of service excellence. We are a team of highly motivated, fun, goal-oriented, bright individuals who continuously strive to offer our customers services to help meet their business goals and work toward building long-term partnerships. We need more people who share in that same philosophy. If _you_ do, please continue to read about the awesome opportunity we have to offer another bright, fun, motivated individual. Responsibilities Updike Distribution Logitics is seeking some fun, engaging CSR's to work out of our Goodyear facility. The Customer Service Representative serves as one of the primary business contacts for the customer and is responsible for overall customer satisfaction. The Customer Service Representative is expected to consistently provide excellent customer service to accounts, as well as represent customer needs and goals within the organization to ensure quality. What will your day look like? Organize, input and update relevant data, including the creation of shipping documents, the entering of load receipts and all related functions using both internal and external computer applications to effectively service the customer and maintain up-to-date, accurate transactional records and inventories Ensure adherence to customer requirements and organizational standard operating procedures at all times, including, but not limited to, communication, processing of paperwork, billing, and inventory maintenance Initiate, administer, and assist with cycle counts, physical inventories and associated functions to maintain accurate inventories at all times Ensure customer issues are dealt with in an effective manner, involving the customer service supervisor and/or operations manager when necessary Communicate and provide information by relevant methods both internally and externally to assist warehouse operations and customers File data and perform other routine clerical tasks as needed Order and maintain relevant office supplies and equipment Qualifications What will help you be successful in this role? Extremely detail-oriented Technical competence (understand software, hardware, networks, etc.) Motivated, goal oriented, persistent and a skilled negotiator High level of initiative and works well in a team environment Excellent written and oral communication skills It helps if you smile a lot, too