Are you proven at blending great sales/marketing insight, strategic thinking, and drive for results? The Modern Workplace team is part of the Commercial Growth organization and has the charter to enable winning the Modern Workplace in the commercial space. The Business Architect is accountable to develop and deliver the strategy through a plan that will enable the field to achieve the company goals for M365 and Surface, across segments (Enterprise and SMC) and in specific business areas, including: Team Work Intelligent Communications Security & Compliance Surface Modern Management Incubation businesses Responsibilities The Business Architect is responsible for aligning and refining the core sales approach for execution by the field. This includes Microsoft 365 and Surface pre-sales motions driven direct and/or though partners. This role is designed to drive and support WW field execution in terms of the following: Lead and drive the fiscal year vNext planning process which includes the following business levers: Budget Blueprint and capacity Sales model designGo to Market strategy Incentives and compensation Budget, Metrics and TLIs Engage and influence a large number of corporate and field stakeholders to drive alignment around the plan Assess current year performance and provide course correction recommendations Lead corporate governance process (L1/BG Synch, engineering feedback loop) Support monthly SLT review process and own special topics Qualifications 10+ years of related sales experience in the following areas: Office 365, Windows, Mobility and Devices. Experience in selling to large enterprises, managing complex sales practices and solution-based selling to CXO, senior management and directors. Work cohesively with members of the Microsoft sales and services field, Microsoft partners, Microsoft corporate sales, engineering, and marketing Excellent Communicator. Strong negotiation, organizational, presentation, financial acumen, written, and verbal communication skills. Ability to engage and influence across a broad set of stakeholders Highly driven person who consistently exceeds goals and expectations and has the ability, characteristics, and determination to successfully drive complex projects to completion. Growth Mindset. Willing to challenge the status quo while continuing to nurture and develop potential . Leader: Demonstrated ability to lead without authority and orchestrate across a large virtual team Education BS/BA degree is required. MBA preferred.