NRG is the leading integrated power company in the U.S., built on the strength of our diverse competitive electric generation portfolio and leading retail electricity platform. A Fortune 500 company, NRG creates value through best- in-class operations, reliable and efficient electric generation, and a retail platform serving residential and commercial businesses. Working with electricity customers large and small, we implement sustainable solutions for producing and managing energy, developing smarter energy choices and delivering exceptional service as our retail electricity providers serve almost three million residential and commercial customers throughout the country. More information is available at www.nrg.com. Connect with NRG Energy on Facebook and follow us on Twitter @nrgenergy. Purpose: The role of the IT Solutions Architect is to architect solutions and coordinate projects and production needs for Zephyr with a focus on Business Operations Solutions. They will plan, execute, and finalize Zephyr projects and tasks according to the deadlines and within budget. This includes acquiring resources and coordinating the efforts of team members, third-party contractors or consultants. The IT Solutions Architect will also define the Zephyr IT objectives and oversee quality control throughout its life cycle. The IT Solutions Architect will create and maintain an information technology plan that communicates tasks, milestone dates, status and resource allocation for projects, initiatives, and support. This role also coordinates delivery of development and production releases that meet quality assurance standards. Assist and lead technical teams in design and development tasks. Responsibilities: Architect and assist in the implementation of technical solutions for Business Operations. Coordinate to identify, prioritize, and manage Zephyr projects and technology tasks. Serve as liaison between the Zephyr business and IT to facilitate planning, coordination and project and technology efforts. Build and maintain the IT Roadmap and Business Operations IT Applications strategy documents managed by the Manager of Operations IT. Develop, present, and lead project planning efforts including project definition, project justification/NPV, proposals, success criteria, risks/issues, requirements definition, technical design, testing procedures and documentation, system documentation, user training, and production delivery while coordinating and communicating with business and technical resources. Manage the implementation of system enhancements and new systems through the project life cycle insuring appropriate documentation and processes to ensure compliance. Manage projects for delivery of systems and applications to support Realtime Operations, Performance Engineering and Data Analytics, Asset Management, Operations and Maintenance business functions of Zephyr Renewables. Manage projects to implement and enhance systems and applications related to Generation Management System, Energy Market Interface System, Meter Data Management System, Energy Settlements, Realtime and Historian Systems, Operations Business Intelligence Systems and NERC-CIP compliance. Consult with business and IT partners to strategize, plan and implement needed projects within designated time and budget constraints. Proactively recognize and document business process gaps, propose and implement improvements. Extensive knowledge of interfaces, integrations and process flows. Maintain demand management list and work queues for managing the IT workload and communicating priorities and resource allocation to the business. Host and facilitate regular meetings with business and cross-functional technical resources for status updates, requirements definition, technical design, architectural reviews, demand management, and audit review. Effectively communicate project and technology delivery expectations to cross-functional team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion. Maintain appropriate status reports, meeting minutes, and follow-up with business partners and technical resources. Create and execute work plans and revise as appropriate to meet changing needs and requirements. Identifies resources needed and assigns individual responsibilities. Manages day-to-day operational aspects of a project and scope. Reviews deliverables prepared by team before delivery to the business or production support. Effectively applies appropriate project and development methodology and enforces project and development standards. Prepares for engagement reviews and quality assurance procedures. Minimizes and manages exposure and risk on project and production tasks. Ensures project and technology documents are complete, current, and stored appropriately. Maintain project actual and forecasted budgets utilizing the various IT systems used for requests for expenditures, purchase requisitions, purchase orders, and invoices. Determine and assess need for additional staff and/or consultants and make the appropriate recruitments if necessary during projects and technology iterations. Qualifications: Understanding of IT methodologies, processes, and project management BA degree in information technology or equivalent experience (minimum 10 years) 5+ years of systems and applications design experience, particularly systems and network topology, data architecture, security and compliance. 3+ years’ experience in facilitating and managing small to large projects through project life cycle leading teams of 4-10 technical and business resources. 3+ years’ experience in a technical business analyst role working with developers and technical IT resources. 1+ years’ experience working with iterative style development life cycles such as rapid application development, extreme programming, or agile development. Understanding and familiarity with array technologies such as operating systems, security, networking, programming, databases, development languages, etc. Ability to create/maintain project metrics and manage customer expectations on a weekly/monthly basis including delivery schedules, scope management, risks/issues, and budget through the life of the project(s). Experience with OSI Soft PI, NET Framework, RDBMS, Energy Management Systems and Meter Data Management System is preferred. Understanding and experience with Energy Markets and Independent System Operators (ISO) is preferred. Understanding and experience with NERC CIP controls and how the control environment impacts both the business and IT processes and systems. Excellent verbal and written communication/presentation skills with a strong focus on customer interaction, customer service, and presentation. A motivated self-starter with capability to operate on their own with little direction and/or monitoring along with an enterprise vision – ability to see big picture and relate to corporate strategy Capability to help deliver quality business solutions within restricted timelines while appropriately communicating/escalating risks, issues, or constraints as necessary to business and/or IT management. Ability to elicit cooperation from a wide variety of sources, including upper management, business partners, and other departments. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment is crucial. Ability to read communication styles of team members, business partners, and contractors who come from a broad spectrum of disciplines and be able to change delivery of communication accordingly. Able to safely handle and work with objects weighing up to 50 pounds without assistance. Able to report to the work site without transportation assistance. Able to work safely in a confined space. Able to work with electrical wires and differentiate between color coded wires. Able to safely work in a wide range of adverse climates and environments Able to travel (25%) as required. NRG Energy is committed to a drug and alcohol free workplace. To the extent permitted by law and any applicable collective bargaining agreement, employees are subject to periodic random drug testing, and post-accident and reasonable suspicion drug and alcohol testing. EOE AA M/F/Protected Veteran Status/Disability EEO is the Law Poster (The poster can be found at http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf) Level, Title and/or Salary may be adjusted based on the applicant's experience or skills. Official description on file with Human Resources