We are searching for a Database Coordinator— someone who works well in a fast- paced setting. This position will organize and maintain facility information and databases related to equipment management data, digital and hard copy drawings, and equipment specifications and standards. This role will organize and maintain the storage and filing system for hard copy drawings, and product sample materials and literature in the department resource library. This position will also oversee redline equipment and architectural drawings to ensure power, data, height, and space constraints are aligned between the drawings and the equipment list. Experience with Maximo or Infor is a must! Think you’ve got what it takes? Responsibilities Manage and maintain facilities and/or equipment databases, including but not limited to adding new items, retiring old items, updating specifications and/or costs, etc. Coordinates and manages standards information within facility database on a monthly basis. Makes changes as directed by equipment, space planners, or project managers. Create and run reports as required. Manages and maintains database of drawings, product sample materials and literature in departmental resource library Maintains external website linked to departmental databases. Allocates user ID and passwords, monitors access, posts projects, resolves user questions, retires old projects and cancels access for external users. Develops and coordinates work processes for database maintenance, integration, and distribution of requisite drawings, specifications and materials to external consultants and other TCH departments Maintains materials, facility, and/or equipment database information including updating of standards, dimensions, costs etc. Develops and coordinates work processes for requisition printing and processing from various databases. Coordinate with space planners, project managers, equipment planners, property accounting, supply chain and other users on issues relating to requisitions. Review architectural drawings comparing equipment list to drawings to ensure proper placement, quantity, power, data, and other specifications align. Provides feedback to project team regarding items that do not align. Qualifications H.S. Diploma or GED required Bachelor’s degree preferred 2 years’ experience maintaining databases - Maximo or Infor An Associate’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Aided Drafting or Information Systems Technology may be substituted for the two years of experience Experience with Auto-Cad a plus Company Profile Since 1954, Texas Children’s has been leading the charge in patient care, education and research to accelerate health care for children and women around the world. When you love what you do, it truly shows in the smiles of our patient families, employees and our numerous accolades such as being consistently ranked as the best children’s hospital in Texas, and among the top in the nation by _U.S.News & World Report_ as well as recognition from _Houston Business Journal_ as one of this city’s Best Places to Work for ten consecutive years. Texas Children’s comprehensive health care network includes our primary hospital in the Texas Medical Center with expertise in over 40 pediatric subspecialties; the Jan and Dan Duncan Neurological Research Institute (NRI); the Feigin Center for pediatric research; Texas Children’s Pavilion for Women, a comprehensive obstetrics/gynecology facility focusing on high-risk births; Texas Children’s Hospital West Campus, a community hospital in suburban West Houston; and Texas Children’s Hospital The Woodlands, the first hospital devoted to children’s care for communities north of Houston. We have also created the nation’s first HMO for children, established the largest pediatric primary care network in the country and a global health program that is channeling care to children and women all over the world. Texas Children’s Hospital is also academically affiliated with Baylor College of Medicine, one of the largest, most diverse and successful pediatric programs in the nation. To join our community of 13,000 dedicated team members, visit texaschildrenspeople.org for career opportunities. You can also learn more about our amazing culture at infinitepassion.org.