Division: Building Technologies Business Unit: Region Americas Requisition Number: 229367 Primary Location: United States-Illinois-Chicago Assignment Category: Full-time regular Experience Level: Entry level Education Required Level: Non Degree Program Travel Required: No Division Description: The Siemens Building Technologies Division is the North American market leader for safe and secure, energy-efficient and environmentally-friendly buildings and infrastructure. As a technology partner, service provider, and system integrator, Building Technologies has offerings for fire protection; life safety; and security as well as building automation; heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC); and energy management. Since 1995, Siemens has helped to modernize nearly 7,000 buildings worldwide, including important American landmarks such as World Trade Center Memorial, Times Square Building, Carnegie Hall, Walt Disney World and the Mount Vernon Estate. For more information, please visit: https://www.siemens.com/us/en/home/company/about/businesses/building- technologies.html Job Description: Position Overview As an entry level Software Developer at Siemens Building Technologies, you will collaborate across interdisciplinary teams to enhance and develop software products for the commercial HVAC market. Working within our Cloud development team, you will have the opportunity to learn and apply Cloud and Web technologies in our products to enable smart buildings. Responsibilities Design, implement, test, troubleshoot, and enhance software applications for building automation components and sub-systems based on instructions from senior engineers. Develop and run automated tests for verifying sub-system application functionality. Create and review technical documentation for internal process and external customer support. Collaborate with Sr Engineers to understand market requirements to implement product designs. Review and understand software methodologies for product design and model documentation. Collaborate in international, multi-site development in an agile environment. Comply with documented Siemens development processes. Participate in design alternatives via prototyping, peer programming and expert reviews. Continuously learn to constantly improve and develop skills to stay current with technology. Participate in resolution of field problems in application of existing products. Required Knowledge/Skills, Education, and Experience Bachelor or advanced degree in Computer Science preferred, or equivalent combination of education and experience. 0-3 years of experience preferable Solid knowledge in at least one major programming language and computing platform (e.g. C/.NET, C++, Java/J2EE). Solid knowledge of state of the art full stack technologies (Angular, JavaScript, TypeScript, Bootstrap, Node.js etc.). Practitioner of state of the art development practices for software documentation and test-driven designs. Strong focus to deliver quality in every work aspect, utilizing tools to monitor, analyze and enhance software code base. Hands-on experience with source code control and application lifecycle management systems (e.g. IBM Jazz RTC, Git). Proven experience applying and thorough understanding of software design patterns and principles. Practical experience with software design languages, models, and diagrams (e.g. UML). Basic understanding of agile development approaches Works well in teams and on individual assignments. Hands-on software troubleshooting experience. Strong oral and written communication skills.