Educational Tour Consultant Entrepreneurial Sales Development Program at EF Educational Tours Boston, MA Grab your passport, pack your bags, and join us at EF Educational Tours as we revolutionize the educational travel industry and transform students into the next generation of global citizens. Your role As an Educational Tour Consultant in the Entrepreneurial Sales Development Program, you’ll have ownership over a geographic territory in the United States. Our consultative based solution selling means opening the world through education - connecting schools, teachers, and students with international opportunities. Your challenge is to combine business expertise, and passion for global education, to bring transformative international experiences to every student in your territory. The Entrepreneurial Sales Development Program at EF Educational Tours is our multi-year development program that is designed to transform you into a fearless business owner. As our name implies, at EF Education First, your education comes first. We focus on cultivating your sales technique, entrepreneurial spirit, and professional skillset. Who you are You’re up for the challenge – you want a career with real responsibility You are bold, unconventional, and fearless - a true entrepreneurial spirit An influencer - a natural networker who loves talking to people You know you can sell and you’re not afraid to prove it You want to be part of a team that motivates and inspires you Going above and beyond is the only way you do things The reasons you’ll want to work here It’s not just a job – it’s a way of life. In your role, you can expect to: Make an impact. Come to work and help change the world every single day, bringing our mission of _Opening the World Through Education_ to life. Travel. Expand your worldview with paid international business travel. The more you develop, the more passport stamps you’ll collect. Live well. Benefits include a recently increased base salary plus bonus potential, three weeks paid vacation time to start (and four weeks starting in year two), and 25% company match on your 401(k). Stay healthy. We’re proud to offer market-leading healthcare, discounted gym memberships, and free in-house group exercise classes (sometimes taught by our CEO). Be engaged. We work in an open environment without a cubicle in sight. You’ll also enjoy comprehensive professional development, free in-house language classes, a yearly stipend for continued education, and frequent sales competitions. Have fun. Enjoy discounted tickets for concerts and sporting events, connect with colleagues at company parties and special activities, and take advantage of our in-house bar, restaurant, and hair salon. A tiny bit about EF Education First We’re 43,500 small. We’re teachers and students, creatives and analysts, visionaries and doers. We are 120 nationalities—and counting. Together, we open the world through education, breaking down barriers of language, culture and geography all over the world. Over the past 50 years, our mission has grown to include a diverse range of programs that give millions of students of all ages the freedom and confidence to explore the world through language, travel and academic opportunities. _Follow us on_ _LinkedIn_ ___or check out_ _http://careers.ef.com_ _to learn more about our amazing team, products, and customers._