Job Description: When you work for AmeriGas, you become a part of something BIG! Founded in 1959, AmeriGas is the nation’s premiere propane company, serving over 2 million residential, commercial, industrial and motor fuel propane customers. Together, our 9,000 dedicated professionals will deliver 1.5 billion gallons of propane from 1,400 distribution points across the United States. For more information visit our website at www.amerigas.com. At AmeriGas our employees are the keys to our success and we are proud to offer a comprehensive benefits package. We offer excellent health benefits, 401(K) with company match, annual performance review, paid time off including company holidays, propane discount, career advancement, tuition reimbursement and much more. Job Summary (Purpose): The Systems Administrator will assist in the management and support of AmeriGas’ business critical systems and services. Works with senior AmeriGas technology personnel in the creation, modification, and enhancement of server-based service components and processes. Key Characteristics: The capability to work with Sr IT Systems and Operations Services staff. Ability to learn quickly from Senior Engineers and assume a critical role A direct hands-on approach with a focus on total quality and customer satisfaction Duties & Responsibilities: Assist Sr. Engineers in promoting automation and streamline system administration tasks. Enhance operational efficiency in improving the current Active Directory, CommVault, Pure Storage SAN, NetApp SAN, VMware vSphere, Citrix XenApp, monitoring, Microsoft Azure and AmeriGas Tier one environments. The ability to deploy new procedures in response to customer requirements and/or changing business conditions The ability to manage assigned tasks with overlapping priorities and concurrent customer commitments The adaptability to effectively deliver against varying customer expectations across all IT Systems. Administer, support and maintain the existing VMware vSphere, Microsoft Azure, Citrix and Windows environment including XenApp servers, cluster, databases, web front-end servers, file and print servers, archiving technologies. Provide 3rd level support for Service desk calls. Participation in an on-call rotation, some nights and weekend work may be necessary. Contribute to System’s Team projects, some nights and weekend work may be necessary. Responsible for ensuring 24/7/365 operations Create and manage pro-active and preventative procedures on all Windows servers on a regular basis. i.e. monitoring Active Directory, VMware vSphere, Exchange, SAP, Microsoft Azure, etc. System performance tuning and capacity planning based on collected data and statistics Troubleshoot issues, determine root cause, implement corrective and preventive measures Responsible for logging network and server environment change activities, including accountability for following change scheduling, change approval and implementation back out plan in compliance with IT Service Management procedures. Create and maintain system design and operational documentation, run books, and disaster recovery documentation. Maintain library of PowerShell scripts and customize to meet requirements. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Customer service orientation and sense of urgency to maintain expected service levels Excellent troubleshooting skills with focus on driving to root cause identification Ability to quickly learn new technologies Ability to manage, schedule, complete assignments communicating ongoing updates Ability to identify improvements in current operational procedures, including service request processing, service level recording, and customer satisfaction monitoring Understanding of change management processes Demonstrated collaborative skills and ability to work well within a team Ability to work in a fast-paced and deadline-oriented environment Self-motivated with critical attention to detail, deadlines, and reporting Excellent written and verbal communication skills Education and Experience Required: 4-year college degree in related field or equivalent experience. 0-3 years of systems administration and support of large Windows Server environments. Minimum 3-year experience general experience in information technology Strong technical knowledge and understanding of the Microsoft Office tools family, including Microsoft Exchange client and other POP3 mail systems. Experience with process automation and scripting Experience with Internet gateways, firewall, TCP/IP, FTP, telnet and browser implementations. Other Requirements: Requires less than 10% Travel Requires after hours and weekend work in order to respond to emergency events and perform maintenance AmeriGas is a Drug Free Workplace. Candidates must be able to pass a pre-employment drug screen and a criminal background check. AmeriGas is an Equal Opportunity Employer.