Plano,Texas,United States 6J7BP4 The Boeing Company is currently seeking a Software Architect to join it's Plano, Texas location. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Develop ground based software requirements from little or no upstream requirements. Work with Systems Engineering to decompose and partition system requirements to software requirements. Develop software architecture based on requirements. This is a web based, cloud native application. Collaborate with others to create schema for interface data, and provide assessment of best file format (e.g. binary, XML, etc) for the interface data. Some work with internationally based engineers. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. Employer will not sponsor applicants for employment visa status. Typical Education/Experience: Degree and typical experience in engineering classification: Bachelor's and 9 or more years' experience, Master's with 7 or more years' experience or PhD with 4 or more years' experience. Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry. ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. Basic (Required) Qualifications: Expertise in creating web pages, web services, html, xml, CSS, back end databases, and writing requirements for these ground based applications. (This application would be used by airlines to create capability which would be utilized on the aircraft) Expertise in developing software architecture for web applications. Experience writing and developing software requirements Understanding of various schema for data parameters and various file formats Bachelor's, Master's or Doctorate of Science in Computer Science, Information Technology, Internet & web development, or Software Engineering from accredited college or university Desired Qualifications Knowledge of airplane industry specs such as ARINC 620, ACARS standards, ARINC 724B, ARINC 774A, ARINC 665 is a plus Experience with DOORS is desirable Exposure to AngularJS is a plus Yes, 25 % of the Time Engineering Test and Tech Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company