Position Information Posting Number S00959P Position Title C Developer (S00959P) Department Desktop Services Location Ft. Worth Job Family Information Technology Position Status Full-time Work Hours Standard Work Schedule Monday-Friday 8am-5pm Open to External and Internal FLSA Salary Salary is commensurate based on qualifications and relevant experience Duration Funding expected to continue Pay Basis Monthly Benefits Eligible Yes Job Summary Works closely with customers, business analysts, and team members to understand business requirements that drive the analysis and design of quality technical solutions. Responsible to provide development, maintenance, administration and planning support for multiple University websites. Responsible for contributing to a variety of project objectives including, but not limited to; web design, 3rd party application integration, graphics, prototyping, QA, etc. Responsibilities also include participation in component and data architecture design; performance monitoring, product evaluation and buy versus build recommendations. Has experience in systems analysis, design and a solid understanding of development, quality assurance and integration methodologies. Essential Duties and Responsibilities 1\. Ability to collaborate with clients and mentor junior developers to effectively documents the customer’s business processes and requirements and follow Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) 2\. Completes applications development by coordinating requirements, schedules, and activities; troubleshooting development and production problems across multiple environments and operating platforms. 3\. Develops standards and best practices, provides templates and ensures adherence to the code standards, coordinates unit testing and code review with the team members, implements change management processes, provides test case scenarios and obtain sign-offs from all the stakeholders for any major release. 4\. Create technical specifications and detailed software design documentation based on business requirements. 5\. Create solutions and work with departments to enhance overall system operation. 6\. Work with business customers and other IT team members to troubleshoot problems pertaining to supported applications. Take ownership in implementing the resolution to the customer’s satisfaction. 7\. Performs other duties assigned. Required Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree with coursework in computer science, information systems, or related and five years of progressively responsible software development and analysis experience; or the equivalent experience. The following knowledge, skills, and abilities are required: Strong understanding of Agile and Scrum principles. Strong skill in writing software applications, including complex problem analysis and implementing the solution in code. Develops high quality code that has minimal interruption to the production environment and meets project deadlines Creates, documents, and communicates on solution designs with the team and seeks feedback as work is completed Communicates regularly on the progress of work products and deliverables to all stakeholders Leads or participates in the introduction and implementation of new technologies and frameworks Solid understanding of all phases of the application development lifecycle and project management disciplines. Ability to coordinate a work team and train other programmers and analysts for specific tasks or assignments. Preferred Qualifications Bachelor’s degree and 5+ years of systems analysis, design, and software development experience. Strong understanding of all phases of the application development life-cycle. Experience designing and developing applications based on the system requirements, utilizing web technologies. Strong understanding of Web Application Development architecture, and infrastructure, including Application Servers, Web Servers, and Web Application Security. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: 5+ year’s web development experience Strong understanding and practical experience with Sitecore is a plus. Demonstrates ability to provide guidance and support for design and implementation of data templates, layouts, components, and workflow, etc. Strong object-oriented programming skills (i.e. C) Experience with .NET Framework 4.5+, MVC, ORM, and web services Working knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Responsive Design Experience with build automation and code repository tools (e.g. TFS, Jenkins, Git, Bamboo, etc.) Ability to understand existing content and business process to design and deliver solutions in a Content Management System Proficient knowledge of database SQL, object creation, and stored procedures Experience with building secure web based applications using secure coding best practices Experience with third party integrations using Web Services Experience with ETL Demonstrates excellent written and oral communication abilities, including presentation skills Demonstrates independent thinking and decision-making abilities Good understanding of agile software development methodologies and the contrasts to waterfall methodologies. Maintains expertise in specific technical disciplines and serves as a subject matter expert on applications, technical frameworks, and software development practices Demonstrated ability to work as a team player and ensures team members understand the solution and technology at the appropriate level Experience with Cloud ecosystems including Azure or AWS Working Conditions Participates in an on-call rotation for 24×7 continuous system availability. Frequently works off-hours to perform emergency and routine system maintenance. Special Conditions for Eligibility EEO Statement UTA is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action institution. Minorities, women, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Additionally, the University prohibits discrimination in employment on the basis of sexual orientation. A criminal background check will be conducted on finalists. The UTA is a tobacco free campus. Posting Detail Information Number of Vacancies 1 Desired Start Date Open Date Review Start Date Open Until Filled Special Instructions to Applicants Applicants must include in their online resume the following information: 1)Employment history: name of company, period employed (from month/year to month/year), job title, summary of job duties and 2) Education: school name, degree type, major.