Do you want your software to help millions of people and organizations achieve more? Do you want to write code for Android, iOS, Windows, and Mac? Do you want learning how to be a better engineer to be part of your everyday job? Responsibilities Microsoft Intune manages devices for companies and schools around the world. We’re looking for great engineers who can innovate and improve on what we’ve built. Located in Kendall Square, Cambridge, the Intune Device Experience team creates web and native user experiences for devices, and builds and operates the global-scale services that sit behind those experiences. Come help us empower people to get stuff done at work and at home on the devices they love. Qualifications Job requirements: You’ve done this before - you have at least five years of software development experience in the industry. You can code - you are comfortable in object-oriented languages like C, C++, and Java; and you have a solid grasp of algorithms, data structures, and design patterns. You can collaborate - you can explain your work, you can ask good questions, you can listen to your peers and your customers, and you like to give and receive feedback. You stay focused - you want to build software that solves real problems for real people. You’re a professional engineer - you understand that it’s not enough to write code that works; it also has to be well-designed, easy to test, and easy to add to over time. Microsoft’s New England Research & Development Center (NERD) attracts the region’s top talent and delivers some of Microsoft’s most strategic products and services. You must meet Microsoft, customer, and/or government security screening requirements for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to, the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.