Why Carbon Black? At Carbon Black, you’ll have the chance to make an impact in the ever-evolving cybersecurity space. Our advanced technology tackles even the toughest challenges and stays ahead of the latest threats. If you want to join an agile company that’s building bleeding edge technology in the cloud, Carbon Black is the place for you. Driven by passionate people who are dedicated to making the world safer, it’s no wonder we’ve been named a “Top Place to Work” by the Boston Globe for four consecutive years. Join us! Why You Matter We’re looking for a Competitive Research Analyst to join our next-generation endpoint security team and help us win in a highly competitive market. This is no back-room, stuck-behind-Google type of job. We need someone who is outgoing and inquisitive while also being process-oriented and data-driven. You’ll keep your finger on the pulse of competitive and market trends, conduct win-loss analysis, and turn raw data into usable strategies. The ideal candidate is analytical, enjoys working with people, and takes great pride in the quality of everything they produce. If you are the type of person who is not afraid to challenge existing thinking, gather and examine data from people and machines, and work with your team members to communicate what you’ve learned to an eager field force, this will be a very rewarding position for you. What You’ll Do Competitive intelligence: collection, analysis, socialization, and communication of competitive intelligence data in support of direct and partner sales efforts, working closely with counterparts across the company Conduct first-party and third-party research with customers, prospects, sales teams, and partners, including conducting surveys & interviews, win/loss analysis, and other tactics for raw data collection Monitor and synthesize competitive market changes, trends, and implications Understand the buyer's journey and how Carbon Black competes at each stage of the process Work with Carbon Black’s technical competitive specialists on deep product comparisons Build competitor “fact-books” and other effective sales tools and enablement materials (internal & external blog posts, presentations, videos, battlecards, etc) Participate in various training activities and ad-hoc opportunity development What You’ll Bring 2-4 years’ experience in B2B product marketing, business analysis, competitive intelligence, or sales engineering in enterprise software Experience and familiarity with cyber-security, IT management software products, or similar technologies is desired Excellent organizational and project management skills A proven track record of managing complex data-driven projects, collecting and synthesizing information into meaningful conclusions A high degree of comfort working with people – both internal team members and external customers/prospects Passionate about groundbreaking technology, with strong written and verbal communication skills Self-starter who truly enjoys working in a fast-paced, innovative environment Assertive team player, ability to positively influence without direct authority to drive deliverables Who We Are Carbon Black is a leading provider of next-generation endpoint security. Carbon Black serves more than 4,000 customers globally, including 33 of the Fortune 100. As a cybersecurity innovator, Carbon Black has pioneered multiple endpoint security categories, including application control, endpoint detection and response (EDR), and next-generation antivirus (NGAV). Leveraging its big data and analytics cloud platform – the Cb Predictive Security Cloud – Carbon Black solutions enable customers to defend against the most advanced cyber threats, including malware, ransomware, and non-malware attacks. Deployed via the cloud, on premise, or as a managed service, customers use Carbon Black solutions to lock down critical systems, hunt threats, and replace legacy antivirus. _Carbon Black, Inc. is an EEO/AA employer. Carbon Black is an inclusive employer that believes in workplace equality, supports diversity, creates a welcoming environment, and respects the unique qualities each individual brings to the company._