The reasons to work at MultiCare are as unique as the people who do. Join us for the professional challenges you seek. In the settings you prefer. With schedules that fit your life. Learn more at www.multicarejobs.org Position Summary: The Director Enterprise Systems Integration is responsible for leading enterprise systems integration, data integration solutions in situations requiring real time (synchronous and asynchronous) messaging, publish/subscribe models, microservices patterns, middleware, data message brokering, data integration in and out of data repositories, systems of truth, external sources of data and other related initiatives in a multi-user, multi- platform, multi-tier environment. This role will be accountable for designing, building and operationalization of System Interface(s) and will also be responsible for content publishing and document repositories infrastructure such as SharePoint. This role will provide integration and architecture leadership and expertise in building global solutions across multiple Healthcare digital channels including mobile, tablet, portals and web. This role is expected to oversee the definition of the technical solution, manage key technical risks and help shape the delivery of integration solutions that meet high performance, availability and security requirements. The position will encompass strategic and tactical planning, contract negotiation, project management, budget, system acquisition, design, installation, modification, upgrades, enhancement and support. Work situations are a combination of complex technical, clinical, financial and administrative responsibilities and require critical thinking, strategic planning, independent decision making, problem solving, leadership, systems analysis, customer service skills, project management, organization, negotiation, staff mentoring and development skills and excellent written and verbal communication skills. Minimum Requirements: 5 years of experience in a managerial or supervisory capacity 8years direct IT support, operational support, and customer service. Previous installation experience with healthcare systems, databases and interfaces in hospitals and/or clinic settings or with a healthcare system vendor preferred Experience/expertise in using Big Data Technologies such as Hadoop platform, Apache Spark, Apache Kafka, Storm, Sqoop, Flume, Nifi/Kylo etc. would be a plus Consideration may be given to internal candidates not meeting the minimum qualifications Education/Licenses/Certifications: Bachelor?s degree in related field or 4 years experience in lieu of degree will be considered; graduate degree preferred.