The Software Engineer's role is to design, execute, assess, and troubleshoot software programs and applications. This includes configuring, coding, developing, and documenting software specifications throughout the project life cycle. The Software Engineer will also oversee system startups in a timely and accurate fashion, and provide support to other departments where required. Our Software Engineers are building state-of-the art healthcare applications that will empower doctors, administrators, and patients in the healthcare delivery process. You will be responsible for the design, development, of our web-based EHR and Practice Management solutions as part of an Agile software development team. Job Responsibilities: Collaborate with analysts and designers in the development and initiation of new software programs and applications. Oversee the quality assurance of program logic, data processing, and error resolution. Develop an awareness of programming and design alternatives. Take an active role in cross-departmental projects when needed. Direct research on emerging application development software products, languages, and standards in support of procurement and development efforts. Interact regularly with managers, clients, vendors, and agencies to field queries and questions. Research, document, and implement program requirements and specifications. Consistently write, translate, and code software programs and applications according to specifications. Run and monitor performance tests on new and existing software for the purposes of correcting mistakes, isolating areas for improvement, and general debugging. Administer diagnostic analysis of test results and deliver solutions to critical areas. Cultivate and disseminate knowledge of application development best practices. Gather statistics and prepare and write reports on the status of the programming process for discussion with management and/or team members. Determine, develop, and maintain user manuals and guidelines. Install software products for end users as required. Liaise with company's software and hardware suppliers for prompt rectification of any problems or emergencies. Liaise with network administrators, systems analysts, programmers, and other software engineers to resolve any defects in products or company systems. Write and/or delete programming script to enhance functionality and/or appearance of company Web site and Web applications as necessary. Recommend, schedule, and perform software improvements and upgrades for optimal performance of company workstations. Responsible for end-to-end development of application features. Design, develop, and maintain web-scale applications and services. Document your proposals, designs, and ultimately your code for others to understand. Incorporate your work into a larger platform architecture. Perform peer code reviews and provide feedback to other team members. Keep quality, patient safety, and privacy as a top priority. Embrace opportunities to enhance your skills and knowledge. Required Qualifications: 3 plus years’ experience in web application development, web application development or similar experience. Expertise in Java and JavaScript languages. Strong knowledge in HTML5 and CSS3 development. Experience working with enterprises databases like Oracle. Experience in application performance analysis and tuning. Built and tested software as part of a larger project that involved continuous integration and frequently delivery. Experience working in an Agile environment on a Scrum development team. Knowledge of developing and deploying applications using AWS services. Bachelor's Degree (four-year college or technical school) Preferred, Field of Study: Computer Science or related field. Technically fluent in programming languages, including SQL, JAVA, HTML5. Extensive database and operating systems experience. Competent and proficient understanding of platforms. Solid working knowledge of current Internet technologies. Hands-on software troubleshooting experience. Experience at working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment is essential. Ability to influence other developers and stakeholders in R&D; regarding practices and procedures. Desired Qualifications: Knowledge of and ability to design, develop and maintain interfaces and linkage to alternative platforms and software packages. Knowledge of, and experience with, strategies, practices and tools for managing versions and distribution of software products and enhancements. NextGen Healthcare believes in strength through diversity. We are an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer supporting Diversity, Disabled, and Protected Veterans. Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status. To accomplish this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform, with or without reasonable accommodation, each essential function satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to help enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Because NextGen Healthcare believes in providing a safe work environment, we conduct background checks as part of our hiring processes.