ActiveCampaign is one of the fastest growing tech companies in Chicago revolutionizing marketing automation. Our software allows all of our users, the power to make smarter business decisions based on data-driven analytics. As we grow as an organization our needs are constantly evolving. With this growth, we are currently seeking a stellar Data Engineer join our expanding team. Our ideal candidate is someone who thrives in a high growth environment with rapidly evolving needs. Does this sound like you? Then we would like to hear from you! What your day could consist of: Design and implement ETLs into various data stores such as Elasticsearch, Redshift, MySQL etc Design, implement and manage event driven data pipelines to be used to drive business decisions Design data schema for various internal data stores and warehouses Monitor and troubleshoot operational or data issues in the data pipelines What is needed: Experience with search technologies like Elasticsearch and the Elastic Stack at scale Python scripting skills (other modern languages such as Ruby, Java are also acceptable) Experience in writing and optimizing SQL queries in a business environment with large scale, complex data sets Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Experience with Data visualization software (Looker, Tableau, etc) Experience with AWS technologies (Aurora, Redshift, EMR, Athena) Detailed knowledge of data warehouse technical architecture, infrastructure components, ETL and reporting/analytic tools and environments We continually invest in our employees and offer comprehensive benefits including 100% coverage of your medical premiums and 50% for dependents, open vacation policy, fully paid maternity and paternity leave, 401k matching, catered lunches every day in a kitchen stocked with snacks and fresh fruit, free CTA or Metra passes, and a DIVVY bike membership (to name a few). At ActiveCampaign, we are committed to maintaining a culture that is inclusive and diverse. Our colleagues foster an environment that is warm, supportive, and helpful where we treat each other exceptionally well. We are looking to add curious, driven, and creative individuals to our team who are ready to grow with us!