About the Opportunity: Sayva Solutions has an immediate opportunity for a morning (6 AM) Help Desk Analyst. You will get the chance to work with multiple platforms and use your skills to support the IT infrastructure. This position is for the person who enjoys resolving complex issues and taking responsibility for end-user satisfaction. If you are ready to use your expertise and education in a unique and fulfilling environment, we want to talk to you. Responsibilities: Interface directly internal and external company end-users to resolve and document hardware and software troubleshooting tickets, bug reports and errors. Provide immediate, direct support and troubleshooting help to end users through email, telephone, remote services and personal communication. Administration of Active Directory including moves, adds, and changes. Manage, deploy and configure hardware upgrades, software updates, security patches and other necessary items on an as-needed basis. Install and setup of PC and peripheral for rollout. Administration of cloud-based phone system including user setup, administration, and support. Perform daily system monitoring and backup procedures to ensure data security, availability and integrity of required resources, and proper recording of application logs and reviews. Administer on-call and after-hours technical support as needed for scheduled and emergency situations. Support daily operations and monitoring of multiple databases, user accounts, file permissions and other systems according to standard operating procedures for storage and backup architectures. Qualifications: At least two (2) years of experience supporting end-users with Windows 10, MS Office (Office365), and browser support. Experience with Active Directory administration, user permissions, and password maintenance. Experience troubleshooting IT issues over the phone and utilizing remote tools to achieve first call resolution. Excellent customer service and communication skills. Interested in learning more? Please don’t hesitate to give us a call at 480-887-8700 or visit our website www.sayvasolutions.com for more information, or follow our LinkedIn page for updates here: https://www.linkedin.com/company/sayva-solutions. If you are already working with a Sayva team member, contact them directly and they will be happy to discuss this opportunity in more detail. About Sayva: Sayva Technology provides consulting, contract to hire, and direct hire recruiting to support project and full-time placement needs. Our decades of combined industry experience has fostered a vast network and emphasis on efficiency, responsiveness, and quality results. LI-TO1