OVERALL SUMMARY Our incredible Talent Acquisition team works hard to attract the markets best talent by doing what HBO has always been known for: Great Storytelling. We value diversity, candidate experience, and authentic relationships with our client groups. We are looking for a seasoned, full cycle Recruiter to join HBO’s Talent Acquisition Department. HBO is thriving domestically and internationally in a collaborative, fast paced and innovative environment. We are seeking a talent acquisition professional who will embody these attributes to help support and grow our business. You will be challenged in attracting candidates for the various creative and content focused areas of HBO which includes but not limited to Sales, Marketing, Creative Services, Programming, Media Relations, and International. As an ambassador of the brand, you will ensure all candidates have a world class experience with us. Stories will be shared between you and your candidates. They will want to know about you, about the business you support, and why HBO is an employer of choice. In turn, you will uncover what makes up their DNA in terms of capability, motivation, and passion. You will navigate candidates throughout all stages of the selection process. You will act as a story teller and relationship builder while you help connect candidates to career opportunities. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Partner with relevant business areas to understand their strategic objectives and meet the hiring needs. Create structure and rigor around candidate management / experience. Manage relationships and process flow with key 3rd party vendors. Source and access highly skilled talent from top tier companies within a highly competitive recruiting landscape. Define, develop, and execute on recruitment strategy but not limited to: direct sourcing, industry networking, internet/social media recruiting, employee referrals, hackathons and relevant trade and industry organizations. Build and cultivate strong relationships with client groups by understanding business objectives and providing solutions to talent needs. Partner with HR colleagues and business leaders in recommending new hire compensation packages to ensure HBO has a competitive position according to market and industry standards. Draft/create job descriptions, analyze resumes, and determine appropriate matches for vacancies. Contribute to Talent Acquisition’s effort of redefining recruitment processes of employer branding, social media, revamping job descriptions, and the candidate experience. Accurately manage the administration of candidate and requisition status reports, hiring metrics, compliance with EEOC regulations and company recruitment policies, and new hire and on-boarding processes. REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience required. 5+ years of in house corporate recruitment experience. Demonstrated ability to manage high volume recruitment activities for various levels and use of innovative methods to source and attract passive candidates. Strong professional demeanor using good judgment, maturity, and the ability to handle sensitive and confidential information with discretion. Partner with HR stakeholders to meet the needs of the business. Solid understanding in effectively managing the candidate and hiring manager’s experience in the recruitment and onboarding process. Passion for recruiting and demonstrating curiosity to stay abreast of current trends and best practices. Flexibility and team attitude is key. Be able to juggle multiple priorities/deadlines through exceptional project management. Strong knowledge of common human resources practices, employment, and immigration laws and/or government compliance regulations as it relates to recruitment and hiring. Demonstrated knowledge and comfort with technology and social media applications, including Microsoft Office Suite, Google Docs, messengering systems and applicant tracking tools. Familiarity with Workday a plus.