The Compensation Analyst will support the execution of rewards and mobility for Dyson Americas. The successful candidate performs data analysis and benchmarking to roll out business initiatives in a fast-paced, constantly shifting, and technologically driven environment. The successful candidate has proven analytical and technical capabilities, and extreme attention to detail in delivering compensation analysis and operations. Market Overview Dyson is a global technology company. Using a desire to make things work better as a catalyst for invention, our team of 3,000 engineers and scientists are passionate about developing technology that solves the problems others often ignore. From the world’s first bagless vacuum cleaner, to hand dryers that use 420mph sheets of air to remove moisture from hands, to a completely re-thought hair dryer with its motor in the handle, we are relentless about engineering better solutions. Dyson spends $8.8million a week on research and development and works with more than 40 universities worldwide to develop early-stage technologies. Dyson launched in the US in 2002, with the DC07 vacuum cleaner. Within 2 years, it was market share leader. Now, the US team is nearly 1,000 strong, with offices in Chicago, IL; Aurora, IL; San Francisco, CA; and Dyson people around the entire country. And we are still growing. Dyson US is poised to double its footprint, and take on new categories. Already a target for our competitors, challenging times are ahead. And our battle-hungry US team is fired up! Function Overview Machines count. People matter. There are about 8,000 people at Dyson – talent all over the world. Each person is vital to our success. And everyone needs recruiting, settling in, career development, and rewarding with pay and benefits. It requires a wide range of HR disciplines. And as the people who look after Dyson people, HR is the key to our global growth. Accountabilities Administer and analyze pay programs and plans that support our evolving compensation philosophy, while championing strong governance. Conduct regular compensation benchmarking studies and job analysis across Americas region. Undertake survey participation and maintenance of pay related tools. Assist with HR technology implementations and data maintenance. Plan and execute high quality compensation analyses of large data sets to distill insights and convey findings. Develop and maintain compensation management data tools. Partner closely with HR Operations to ensure consistent data integrity and treatment. Partner with HRIS and People Analytics in enhancing processes and insights delivery. Liaise with third party vendors in gathering business intelligence or in solving compensation and mobility problems. Support mobility activities for Americas region: administration, analysis and vendor interaction. Liaise with Dyson HQ on international mobility case management. Collaborate with Dyson HQ comp teams in harmonizing practices as appropriate. Skills 1-2 years of relevant experience having worked in a global organization Undergraduate degree in a field linked to quantitative analysis: statistics, computer science, mathematics, economics, engineering, business, social sciences methods or related field. Advanced excel expertise required. Bonus points if you have experience using MS Access, VBA, Tableau, Workday, SharePoint. Bonus points if you have experience working as a management consultant. Benefits Overview Dyson US monitors the market to ensure competitive salaries, holidays and retirement plans. Beyond that, you’ll also enjoy profit-related bonuses and life and disability cover. But financial rewards are just the start of a Dyson career. Rapid professional growth, leadership development and new opportunities abound, driven by regular reviews and dynamic workshops. And with a vibrant culture, the latest devices and a relaxed dress code reflecting our engineering spirit, it’s an exciting team environment geared to fueling and realizing ambition. Dyson is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with Dyson and need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process, please send an e-mail with your contact information, the job number of the position for which you are interested in applying, and the nature of your request to careers.us@dyson.com or call (312) 706-2260. Determinations of requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis.