Job Description At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers’ expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers’ financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members. Role Overview: Enterprise Core Services Group Enterprise Core Services (ECS) was recently formed to be one of the foundational horizontal organizations within Enterprise Information Technology (EIT) / Enterprise Chief Information Office (ECIO) in addition to Enterprise Platform Services and Enterprise Architecture. The primary mission for core services is the delivery of technology solutions with sustainable compliance, efficiency and innovation across the bank. As ECS moves forward the big opportunity is to create common solutions and services that are measurable and that the entire Wells Fargo enterprise can take advantage of to simplify, modernize and transform. Customer Enablement and Business Automation Team The ECS Customer Enablement and Business Automation Team (CEBAT) is responsible for providing foundational and strategic customer enablement and business automation services and capabilities to technology, business and operations teams across Wells Fargo, integrating seamlessly with the firm’s strategic data and analytics ecosystem. Artificial Intelligence Enterprise Solutions Technology Team The Artificial Intelligence Enterprise Solutions (AEIS) Technology Team enables the Enterprise to leverage the full capabilities of Artificial Intelligence to deliver insightful and personalized experiences for customers and team members, drive greater operational efficiency, while reducing risk and expenses and driving revenue. The focus is to develop and implement a foundational AI strategy for the Enterprise. Provide products and services to customer and business use case needs to be met, allowing our users to optimize how work is done through the leveraging of Artificial Intelligence capabilities. AI Technology plays a critical role in enabling our business partners through innovative technology solutions. The Team organizational model is designed to more effectively manage our portfolio of applications, govern enterprise IT, manage risk, simplify our technology offerings, and execute on our business partners’ priorities with enhanced time to market. The Role: The Artificial Intelligence Enterprise Solutions (AIES) group was formed in early 2017 with the mandate to enable the enterprise to leverage the full capabilities of Artificial Technology (AI), Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Machine Leaning (ML) technology for delivering insightful and personalized experiences for customers and team members, driving innovation, greater operational efficiency, and better managing risk. The AI Technology team is creating a unified enterprise Machine Learning (ML) Platform that will enable end to end solution for other business lines to build and deploy their ML models and is responsible for supporting Data Science activities across the enterprise. The AI Technology Team primary challenge is to get the Platform to a mature state and operationalized at an industrial scale for the firm. This is an opportunity to join a start-up within a large organization. Be flexible and adaptable – this is an evolving space, we’re going to learn, things will change. Be curious and creative – help us find solutions and chart the course. Be action-oriented – we need to roll up our sleeves, work hard, and get a lot done. Need to be willing to act as an individual contributor or as a “hands-on doer” technology leader. Job Description: The AI Technology Model Data Engineering team is looking for a highly motivated and experienced Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning Senior Data Engineer. The right candidate will have expert level experience in supporting AI Platforms, products and data ingestion activities from different data sources to and from the Data Lake. As a senior data engineer, you will be working with many Wells Fargo business teams to get the business data requirements, perform data provisioning activities and support data science teams to build and run Business models. The senior data engineer will use expert level knowledge in ETL tools like Informatica and data warehouse tools like Teradata to deliver critical Model Operationalization services to the enterprise. In this role you will be responsible for: Adopting and enforcing best practices related to data ingestion and extraction of data from the big data platform. Extract business data from multiple data sources and store in MapR DB HDFS location. Work with Data scientists and build scripts to meet their data needs Work with Data Lake team to maintain data and information security for all use cases Build automation script using AUTOSYS to automate the loads Design and develop scripts and configurations to successfully load data using Ab initio Work with users to coordinate the access to data loaded in Data Lake Post-production support of the AI/ML Platform Required Qualifications 7+ years of application development and implementation experience 5+ years of ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) Programming experience 3+ years of Python experience 3+ years of Hadoop experience A BS/BA degree or higher Desired Qualifications Good verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills SDLC (System Development Life Cycle) experience Ability to work effectively in virtual environment where key team members and partners are in various time zones and locations Knowledge and understanding of project management methodologies: used in waterfall or Agile development projects Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy 7+ years of Informatica experience 8+ years of Teradata experience 2+ years of data modeling experience 2+ years of experience with Netcool/Impact 2+ years of Ab Initio experience 2+ years of JIRA experience SQL experience 7+ years of Linux experience Experience with Spark, Hive and Kafka Other Desired Qualifications Model Operations & Support experience - responsible for the monitoring the execution performance and quality of the data provisioning function to production models Understanding of Deep Learning concepts Experience with Java, Python, Scala, R based applications and or services Experience with Python and R administration experience Experience with Application Server & Webserver administration Personal Attributes: Beyond experience, the right personal integrity, style and attitude are critical to success in this role Dedicated, enthusiastic, driven and performance-oriented; possesses a strong work ethic Proactive innovator, motivator and change agent - able to effectively and constructively lead change in an organization Collaborative, influential and highly self-aware, find solutions Job Expectations Ability to work on call as assigned Ability to work nights, weekends, and/or holidays as needed or scheduled Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.