Bring your drive for excellence, team orientation and customer commitment to IBC; help us renew and reimagine our business and shape the future of health care. Our organization is looking to diversify, grow, innovate and serve, and we are looking for committed, empowered learning-oriented people to join our team. If this describes you, we want to speak with you. The Business Analyst's duties will include, but are not limited to: Responsible for evaluating business processes and developing, implementing, testing and maintaining SharePoint sites and functionality. Support cross functional projects and initiatives; such as system enhancements and integration while ensuring documentation all business requirements, processes and work procedures. Responsible to perform scheduled maintenance and audit activities, perform upgrades, install patches, testing and other technical projects as assigned. Provide support for Call Center systems; responding to requests that may include researching and troubleshooting in addition to documenting findings and recommending solutions to meet business needs. Assist in the documentation of processes and work procedures. Perform other duties as assigned. Bachelor's Degree in Business, Computer Science, Mathematics, Information Systems or equivalent work experience Self-motivated, highly organized and detailed oriented as well as above average problem solving, analytical, and verbal and written communication skills are required. Experience with Call Center technologies, Customer Service desktop tools and or Operations processes and technology. Must have a general understanding of the business environment and associated systems with experience interfacing with Management and awareness of current trends in Call Center Technology. Advanced skills in Microsoft Office and with Microsoft platforms (e.g. Excel, Word, PowerPoint, SharePoint and Access) and knowledge of project management tools as well as working experience with SQL and Access preferred.