About Scoop Scoop brings co-workers and neighbors together to enjoy a smooth carpooling experience — unlocking new opportunities to improve their well-being, make the most of their valuable time, and create friendships. Brand Team @ Scoop At Scoop, we bring commuters together in carpools they’ll love by partnering with their employers across the country. While our team member responsibilities are diverse, we are united in our drive to impact quality of life in our communities, and equally driven to invest in each other’s growth. Driving market share and mindshare together is a core driver for the Brand team, made up of the Marketing and Creative Services teams. The Brand Team is focused on delivering engaging and impactful communications, built around experiences that bring the Scoop brand to life for enterprise customers and carpoolers alike. The ideal candidate for this role will enable faster, more impactful, more efficient executions of these communications and experiences. In this role, you will: Manage projects: As the project hub you will manage the flow of projects across the Brand Team, ensuring adherence to timelines and processes. You’ll reach out to all stakeholders to bring clarity to projects — from kickoff to final delivery. Facilitate production of print deliverables: As the main point of contact with vendors, you will empower the team with information on availability, cost breakdowns and mechanical specifications for promotional items, collateral, signage and other assets. Manage inventory: Equip our field marketing and trade marketing event associates by managing the ordering, storage, fulfillment and shipping, ensuring availability of up-to-date materials. Coordinate event logistics for field marketing and event marketing: Help deliver successful Brand Team events by partnering with vendors for production, shipping, event setup, breakdown and return shipping services. Optimize processes: Develop our cross-team processes. Identify and foster opportunities to increase efficiency while helping deliver best-in-class brand executions. You should have: 3+ years of creative production management or equivalent experience Knowledge of development processes and production techniques used in creating print, digital and environmental deliverables Ability to remain calm and enthusiastic in a deadline-driven environment Fluency in Microsoft Office and/or Google Suite Familiarity with Adobe Creative Cloud You are also: A strong communicator. You know the value of timely and right-sized communication to keep a project on track. Organized. You strive to deliver all assets on time and within budget. Self-motivated. You take the lead on accomplishing your tasks. You’re comfortable reaching out to people to schedule meetings and initiate. You seek out feedback from others, to improve the process and yourself. Passionate. You are driven by the mission of the company and the team to deliver top-notch communications and experiences for our prospects, customers and carpoolers. Detail-oriented. You sweat the small stuff, constantly identifying opportunities to streamline processes and create solutions that scale over time. Life @ Scoop Founded in 2015 and based in downtown SF, our team mixes technology and elbow grease every day, with one statistic in our crosshairs: 80% of Americans drive alone to work. At Scoop, we envision a world where commuters feel empowered — starting with a choice to make their commute a meaningful part of their day. We embody that same spirit within our own culture, empowering every team member to make this the most meaningful experience of their career. Walk into Scoop and you’ll find a furry, tail-wagging welcoming committee. In many ways these fluffy faces exemplify the energy that flows through our office. They are a reminder that while we’re focused and driven, we shouldn’t take ourselves too seriously. They also help bridge the gap between our homes and our workplace, just like a Scoop carpool. The atmosphere overall is dynamic and unique. It’s influenced by our backgrounds at successful startups, big tech companies, and premier consulting firms — blended and crafted into what feels natural and right for this company. It plays out in our balance of scrappy and strategic, frameworks and fast thinking. At Scoop, we’re all united by our desire to change the way people get to work — and committed to enjoying the journey together along the way.