Responsibilities Manage all aspects of change management for mainframe Attend relevant Change Control Review meetings to discuss changes with cross-functional, Senior Management and Business groups as necessary Coordinate weekly Change Control Meeting Coordinate / Facilitate customer communications and testing for Mainframe DR weekends Coordinate process to ensure change is executed with full awareness of all the impacted areas / teams Communicate with the other departments on possible change control and deficiencies related to quality and compliance issues Participate on department projects Maintain forthcoming events calendar Create, receive, analyze and / or close change controls Negotiate and resolve change impact and change schedule conflicts with teams Verify the completeness of the documentation and approvals Assure that change control records are maintained Create and provide change management reports to assist in decision-making Maintain and adapt the change management documentation where necessary Keep change control metrics updated Qualifications Strong organization and prioritization skill Strong Microsoft Tools skills Excellent communication skills Experience managing change control, will be preferred Ability to multi-task Preferred Qualifications Data management Mainframe knowledge Education B.S. Information Systems, Computer Science or equivalent work experience in the requested field Overview G-TECH Services, Inc. is a leading certified recruitment and placement firm that specializes in providing highly skilled staff in technical fields such as engineering, IT, procurement, finance and accounting. We have well-established relationships with some of the most respected companies in the country and know our clients’ job requirements and corporate cultures. Once we understand your experience and career aspirations, we aim to connect you with the right opportunity. At G-TECH, we embrace a personalized approach to professional staffing, recognizing the important link between employee and employer satisfaction. We work tirelessly to connect qualified job seekers with positions that align with their career goals, skillsets and personalities. Upon placement, we support our employees throughout the duration of their assignments, providing them with a direct point of contact who serves as a dedicated advocate and sounding board. As our employees can attest, this approach is consistently effective in bettering the contract employment experience. At G-TECH, our mission is simple: we are dedicated to connecting great people with great places to work. ID _77144_ of Openings _1_ Recruiter _Bradley Vande Kieft_ Category _Information Technology (IT)_ Recruiter Email _bvandekieft@gogtech.com_ Job Location _US-MI-Allen Park_