The Social Media Manager will be responsible for executing all B2B and B2C social initiatives for the Enterprise of 5 companies as well as for managed properties. Daily Responsibilities Include: Strategy & Content Development. Collaborate with the marketing team and leadership teams to develop and lead social media strategy and execution for four companies in the real estate and construction industries. Assist Property Managers in their social media efforts for several luxury apartment communities throughout the country. Brand Monitoring & Customer Relations. Monitor brand and establish social reputation across multiple channels. Engage and interact with clients, partners, vendors, team members, tenants, residents, etc, when applicable. Analytics & Reporting. Set goals and monitor metrics for all social campaigns. Utilize data to make recommendations to enhance and optimize future campaigns. Advertising. Manage all social advertising initiatives including PPC/CPC & CPM campaigns, retargeting, geotargeting, etc, across multiple platforms. Crisis Communication Execution. Develop a social crisis communication plan for each company and/or property. Execute if necessary. Social Media Training. Conducts social media training courses for team members and establishes plans for leadership to position themselves as industry experts across social channels. Required Skills SKILLS & ABILITIES: Expertise marketing on various social media platforms including Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Google+, Instagram, Snapchat, and YouTube Thorough understanding of various social media advertising practices and utilizing tools such as Facebook Business Manager Experience using social media management platforms (such as Sprout Social or Hootsuite) and delivering comprehensive analytics Working knowledge of Adobe® Creative Cloud (InDesign, Photoshop, and Illustrator) and Microsoft® Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Publisher, etc.) Ability to effectively communicate information and ideas in written and verbal format and build and maintain relationships Team player, with the confidence to take the lead when appropriate Must thrive in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment Proven writing skills Exceptional organization skills Good technical understanding Ability to pick up new tools quickly and think outside the box Ability to multitask and manage time effectively by adapting quickly to changing priorities Outgoing, creative personality with a sense of humorAble to face situations that are unstructured and require an original approach A very quick study who works well in high pressure situations Excellent organizational skills Demonstrated problem solving skills Excellent time management skills Required Experience 3+ years social media marketing experience Bachelor’s degree Experience in real estate, architecture, construction, commercial brokerage, or a marketing agency is preferred