What does a Magnolia Inventory Control Specialist do? The Inventory Control Specialist is responsible for aiding Magnolia Design Center team in all facets of inventory maintenance. This role will receive shipments and play an integral role in preparing and processing physical inventory and routine cycle counts. The Inventory Control Specialist will stage customer products for the Magnolia installation team and will assist with replenishment of installation team part, in addition to aiding in product send backs and the service of repair items. This position will assist with merchandising reports and overall warehouse cleanliness and organization. As the Inventory Control Specialist you will: Ensuring that all arriving stock receipts are efficiently and carefully executed Participate in an ongoing basis in routine inventory cycle counts. Assist in the organization of customer repairs as directed by Magnolia store management. Help prepare for and take part in, all physical inventories as scheduled by the company. Assist with inventory maintenance reports Staging product for installation team along with routine replenishment of installation parts Ensure Magnolia warehouse space is organized and clean (via area of responsibility form) What are the Professional Requirements of an Inventory Control Specialist? Basic Qualifications: High School Diploma or equivalent 1 year of inventory, warehouse or stockroom experience Preferred Qualifications: Associate degree or Bachelor degree or above in Technical or related field What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.