Our Company Veeva (NYSE: VEEV) is building the industry cloud for life sciences. We develop cloud software that helps our customers develop and bring medicines to the patients that need them. Veeva started in 2007 and has grown quickly to over 2,000 employees. We’re on our way to 10,000 over time and were named among the fastest growing public technology companies on Forbes’ Fast Tech 25 list. Our Culture & People We are focused on staying “Still Veeva” as we grow. Our core values are Do the Right Thing, Customer Success, Employee Success, and Speed. Our team brings passion, intensity and teamwork to their roles. We have low employee turnover and are known as a great place to work. Veeva is genuine, straightforward, and no drama. The Role Veeva OpenData is looking for a highly technical Associate Data Engineer to help develop and maintain our growing integration platform. The incumbent is a strong developer who has experience working in an agile environment. You will closely collaborate with OpenData engineers who have passion for producing quality code and dedicated to best practices such as automated testing, code reviews, continuous integration, and continuous deployment. Responsibilities Your primary responsibility is to design, develop, and implement programs and services that take in data from multiple sources/formats, and load them into persisting data stores, all are part of the Veeva OpenData integration planform Design and develop ETL and master data management processes Troubleshoot various software issues using debugging process and coding techniques Provide high-level customer support to Veeva internal clients You will build indices for Elasticsearch Install, configure and deploy software Requirements Excellent team player who enjoys a collaborative team environment BS in Computer Science or Engineering or closely related discipline Experience programming using Python Experience with one or more JVM-based programming languages (Scala, Java, Groovy etc.) Experience using Scala on Spark, including building ETL and complex queries Experience using and configuring Elasticsearch and Kibana Experience using NOSql databases, Mongodb is a plus 2+ years of hands-on experience with SQL, data modeling, and relational databases such as Oracle, DB2, and Postgres Proficient with Linux Outstanding problem solving and troubleshooting skills Nice to Have Participated in AGILE SCRUM meetings Experience using git Experience using Talend Experience with JIRA for support tickets and Confluence for our knowledge base Experience with NiFi Experience with Google TensorFlow Experience working with eastern European languages Exposure and basic understanding of ML or NLP or Text Mining techniques Qualified candidates must be legally authorized to be employed in the United States. Veeva Systems does not anticipate providing sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B or TN status) for this employment position. About Veeva Veeva Systems is a leader in cloud-based software for the global life sciences industry. Committed to innovation, product excellence, and customer success, Veeva has more than 550+ customers, ranging from the world's largest pharmaceutical companies to emerging biotechs. Veeva is headquartered in the San Francisco Bay Area, with offices in Europe, Asia, and Latin America. Veeva is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances.