Bellevue,Washington,United States BAMBN2 Boeing is seeking a Software Developer to join our Enterprise Cloud Services organization. This Level 2 position will include designing, programming, testing, and maintaining computing and web applications that help enable Boeing's application infrastructure service offerings. This team is responsible for building and maintaining an entire ecosystem of tools supporting the management of Boeing's infrastructure and the automation of our cloud services. This includes new application development projects as well as the refactoring and maintaining of a current set of applications. You will be located in either in Bellevue, Washington OR North Charleston, South Carolina. Primary Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, the following: Provide software solutions to our Enterprise computing customers by writing code that meets documented software specifications. Perform unit testing on the code developed. Use modern tools and architectural standards in our automated CI/CD (Continuous Integration/ and Continuous Delivery) pipeline. Perform statement of work using agile processes to drive automation. Be enabled to make design decisions for applications. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): More than 1 year of technical experience working on a software development team using C/.Net technologies Experience in Object Oriented Design and Programming Experience working in a collaborative team environment Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Full stack development experience Experience working in an agile/scrum environment Experience in automated application delivery (CI/CD) Experience in Object Oriented Design and Programming, Python, Java, HTML, JavaScript, SQL Server, and Oracle Windows application development experience Typical Education/Experience: Technical bachelor's degree and typically 2 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree or an equivalent combination of education and experience. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. Relocation: This position is located in Bellevue, WA or North Charleston, SC and does not offer relocation assistance. Applicants must reside in area or be willing to relocate at their own expense. Yes, 10 % of the Time CIO, Information & Analytics Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company North Charleston;South Carolina;United States~