Analyzes and makes recommendations for Revenue Cycle Business Operations implementation and maintenance. Liaises between various project teams. Recommends and delivers plans and training materials throughout implementation and helps ensure smooth operations post implementation Makes recommendations for development of implementation plans for System development and implementation of Revenue Cycle Business Operations which may include discovery, design, conversion, testing, and/or any other components of the project plan cycle. Serves as a liaison between business and technology teams. Participates in developing and delivering training programs for current and prospective users. Educates practice, site and corporate management on Revenue Cycle Business Operations policies and procedures. Assists implementation team in configuring HIPAA rules based on System policies and legal requirements. Ensures processes are compliant with system policies, applicable laws and contractual bargaining agreements. Performs system audits. Resolves discrepancies, as required. Collaborates with departments and clients to resolve user issues. Consults with departments to provide customer. Troubleshoots issues and resolves concerns as well as recommends necessary fixes. Advises management of results and recommends actions. Consults with newly acquired facilities and designs transition and implementation plans. Performs related duties as required. ADA Essential Functions Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent, required. Bachelor’s Degree in Business, IT, Healthcare Administration or related field, preferred. Minimum of three (3) years of related healthcare experience. OR IT experience with demonstrated ability to communicate effectively with all levels of staff, required. Proficient in Microsoft Office or other presentation software and adobe applications. Ability to present and disseminate complex information in an easily understandable manner to individuals at various educational levels. Position requires regular travel to sites, mainly within the region. The extent of travel required will vary based on business needs, but is estimated at 50%.