The Quality Manager is recognized as an expert internally in the principles and application of quality assurance, and regulatory compliance. The Quality Manager coordinates or executes activities on multiple complex projects and takes a role in the design and execution of new projects. The Quality Manager adapts to new and multiple projects, effectively ensuring alignment with corporate goals and compliance with all regulatory requirements. This position reports to Sr. Manager, CMC Patient Safety Quality Assurance. Key Responsibilities: The responsibilities of this position may include, but are not limited to, the following: Performs API batch disposition activities upon review of executed batch records, analytical data, and certificate of analysis for commercial drug substance (small molecule) Provides quality oversight for root-cause analysis and product impact assessment for investigations as a result of deviations, OOS, and OOT investigations ensuring appropriate CAPA actions are identified Develops relationships with strategic external partners in support of Vertex’s expanding commercial portfolio and manages an ongoing relationship. Identifies and facilitates continuous improvement efforts to improve CMO batch release metrics as needed Maintains Quality Agreements between CMOs and Vertex, as needed. Represents Vertex Commercial Quality Assurance on cross functional working teams and is recognized for strong communication and influencing skills Proficient in leading event investigations, Root Cause Analysis (RCA), and CAPA LI-SL2. Minimum Qualifications Basic qualifications: M.S (or equivalent degree) and 3-4 years of relevant work experience, or B.S in scientific or allied health field (or equivalent degree) and 8+ years of relevant work experience Proven experience leading and managing complex projects/teams within corporate objectives and project timelines. Displays the ability to effectively influence cross functional team members within technical area of expertise Proficient in utilizing project management knowledge to lead meetings, assist with project planning, and facilitate completion of tasks. Recognized as a mentor with a strong ability to transfer technical knowledge and teach skills to junior staff Clearly demonstrates effective communication skills (written and verbal) with the ability to transcend organizational levels Fosters the demonstration of the Vertex Core Values and leadership behaviors in others Integrates activities with other groups, departments and project teams as needed Expert knowledge of global GMP requirements governing API products and knowledge of API manufacturing practices Demonstrates strong understanding of analytical testing methodologies (e.g. HPLC, dissolution, GC, KF, etc.) Demonstrated ability to evaluate quality matters and make decisions utilizing risk based approach Must demonstrate strong leadership skills and the ability to thrive in a high throughput environment. Must have ability to independently lead cross-functional meetings and represent Vertex at CMOs. Proficient knowledge of cGMP’s and associated CMC regulatory considerations in a pharmaceutical setting Must be a committed team player and collaborator Preferred Qualifications: Experience with API(small molecule) development Experience with process validation activities in a cGMP setting Knowledge of Quality by Design principles Experience with network based applications such as Oracle and Trackwise preferred. Biologic experience is a plus