Job Summary: The incumbent's primary job responsibility will be the management of an assigned area or multiple areas. Specific responsibilities include work- scheduling of all account personnel, establishing work standards, conducting site evaluations/audits, overall inventory/equipment usage, budget control, employee performance appraisals, troubleshooting/problem solving, orientation/training of Account Managers and Supervisors and support personnel, customer relations, and special project work as requested. This individual will also ensure that all managed services are being provided in a proper and cost effective manner. Major Duties: (Essential Functions): Oversee custodial operations. Establish and maintain open lines of communication with customer. Ensure proper usage of supplies and equipment through the training and development of supervisors and employees. Monitor daily work hours. Be able to operate and teach subordinates how to safely operate and maintain all types of cleaning machinery and equipment. Train employees how to safely use chemicals and agents. Adhere to company guidelines for employee discipline and termination procedures. Provide safe working environment for the employees. Respond to emergency situations in a timely and efficient manner. Resolve and follow-up on all complaints/issues. Conduct building inspections. Perform various administrative duties. Handle other assignments as directed by site Manager. Schedule and monitor periodic work. Ability to manage the financial results of the district including development of the business plan, financial forecasts, productivity and staffing plans and budget. Analyze and interpret financial data and weekly operating reports for trends impacting the business. Initiate corrective action as needed MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS FOR CONSIDERATION: Bachelor's Degree OR related experience AND three to five years supervisory experience. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required: Strong commitment to high level service and quality standards. Proficient written and verbal communication skills. Demonstrated ability to coach, motivate, develop and lead a team. Ability to plan, organize, direct and delegate. Ability to work well under pressure and meet deadlines. Strong sense of urgency; self-directed. Experience managing custodial operations in an educational environment. PHYSICAL FUNCTIONS REQUIRED: Ability to walk or stand for prolonged periods. Requires bending, stooping, reaching up, and lifting up to 50 pounds. Possible exposure to chemicals requiring special clothing or safety equipment. A criminal background check, results of which are not necessarily a bar to employment, and a drug screen are required.