The State Board for Educator Certification will require all first time applicants for an initial credential to be fingerprinted as part of a national criminal background check. A cost of up to $49.00 will be charged for fingerprinting. PRIMARY PURPOSE Design, create, modify, and implement programs to help the district utilize the database system to increase effectiveness and reduce costs. MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES Consult with users to determine system and functional specifications related to the district’s various database systems. Create structured reporting programs and develop customized queries to meet the information processing needs of the district. Design, create, test and modify the information systems, including systems analysis, programming, and computer operation activities as related to the district’s database system. Develop custom applications to provide solutions to district departmental clients. Provide support for third-party and custom applications within the district. Prepare and maintain system and end user documentation for locally developed custom applications/solutions. Schedule, test, install, implement and troubleshoot programs. Responsible for ERP data migration. Research appropriate technical solutions and continually assess user needs. Assist with interface maintenance between ERP software and other third party software such as Kronos and Aesop. Responsible for data submissions between the District and the District’s insurance providers. Demonstrate regular and prompt attendance to ensure a consistent focus on student learning. Perform other duties as assigned. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES None GENERAL QUALIFICATION GUIDELINES Education/Certification/Experience: Bachelors degree in a business, computer science or related field (experience may be substituted for degree). Experience in data processing or management information systems; public education experience preferred. Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: Knowledge of Windows, Microsoft Office Applications Suite; database structure and design; payroll, benefits, and accounting preferred; and timekeeping and attendance software, preferably Kronos; .NET programming languages including server side and client side languages. Skill in customer service, communication, organization and problem solving. Ability to build SQL stored procedures, T-SQL, triggers, and views, to analyze systems and procedures, to write and revise standards and procedures; respond timely to client requests; to manage multiple projects; to analyze database to provide best solution. Mental/Physical/Environmental Demands Needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery, etc. Constantly operates a computer and other office productivity machinery, such as a calculator, copy machine, and computer printer. Ability to understand complex problems and to collaborate and explore alternative solutions. Ability to organize and prioritize own work schedule on short-term basis. Ability to make decisions which have significant impact on the immediate work unit and monitor impact outside immediate work unit. Ability to communicate with individuals utilizing a telephone, computer or other electronic device. Ability to compose material such as detailed reports, work-related manuals, publications of limited scope or impact and to make presentations outside of the immediate work area. Ability to compute, analyze and interpret numerical data for reporting purposes. Ability to make information presentations, inside and outside the organization. Ability to work in fast-paced, multi-priority environment. Ability to handle difficult conversations and deescalate employees, staff, and parents. Prolonged sitting; occasional bending/stooping, pushing/pulling, and twisting. Repetitive hand motions including frequent keyboarding and use of mouse; occasional reaching. Occasional light lifting and carrying (less than 15 pounds). May work prolonged or irregular hours. Work with frequent interruptions. Maintain emotional control under stress. Equal Opportunity Employer 0 Email To A Friend Print Version