As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for five consecutive years. The Department of Global Health was established in 2007, bridging the schools of Medicine and Public Health, with a mandate to harness the expertise and interdisciplinary power of all UW schools and colleges. Our mission is to improve health for all through research, education, training, and service; to understand and address the causes of disease and health inequities at multiple levels; and to collaborate with partners to develop and sustain locally-led, quality health systems, programs and policies. Driven by tremendous interest among both students and faculty, the Department has grown explosively to more than 400 graduate students and hundreds more undergraduates. We have more than 380 faculty and 1,000 staff working on projects across 130 countries with our deepest ties in United States, Kenya, Uganda, Peru, Mozambique, India, South Africa, Tanzania, Ethiopia, and Nicaragua. At the Department of Global Health at the University of Washington, diversity is integral to excellence. The Department recognizes that disparities in health around the globe stem from inequity. The Department encourages and supports the multiple identities of staff, faculty and students including, but not limited to, socioeconomic status, race, ethnicity, language, nationality, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, culture, spiritual practice, geography, mental and physical disability and age. The Department strives to become a local, national, and international leader in developing and maintaining increased representation and recognition of each of these dimensions of diversity among its faculty, staff, and students. The University of Washington/Fred Hutch Center for AIDS Research (CFAR) is one of the few founding centers in the Department of Global Health. The UW/Fred Hutch CFAR has consistently rated in the top 3 in the U.S. for HIV research and employs some of the most eminent researchers and educators in the field. The ultimate goal of the CFAR is to facilitate HIV research to bring us closer to a cure for the disease. We accomplish this by supporting HIV research at our six consortium institutions (UW, Fred Hutch, the Center for Infectious Disease Research, Infectious Disease Research Institute, Seattle Children’s Hospital/Research Institute, and University of Hawaii), and our international affiliates in Kenya, Peru, Mozambique, Uganda, South Africa, and many other locations. A very important part of our mission is to support HIV research career development of early career investigators. Research conducted by CFAR investigators is wide-ranging and includes areas such as pathogenesis, socio- behavioral and prevention research, vaccine and clinical trial development and management, and mother-to-child transmission. Our CFAR is one of 19 Centers for AIDS Research that comprises a consortium of NIH-funded AIDS research centers in the US. Come join our team and make your own contribution toward solving one of the world’s greatest health challenges of our time! The University of Washington/Fred Hutch Center for AIDS Research (CFAR) Biometrics Core has an outstanding opportunity for a Master's level Statistical Analyst. Responsibilities include communicating with investigators to identify appropriate statistical approaches to specific research problems; creating, documenting, maintaining, and analyzing data sets, summarizing and presenting the results of statistical analysis to collaborating investigators, and working with investigators to prepare results for manuscripts leading to publication in peer-reviewed journals. The analyst will also meet with investigators to contribute to the statistical components of grant applications, including study design, statistical analysis plans, and sample size/power calculations. The University of Washington/Fred Hutch CFAR, in its 31st year of funding, is a world leader in research in the areas of HIV/AIDS which emphasizes the importance of interdisciplinary collaboration, especially between basic and clinical investigators as well as behavioral scientists to support translational research. The CFAR program emphasizes training and mentoring of young investigators. The Statistical Analyst will provide independent statistical consulting services, including communicating with study investigators and making decisions on proper analyses for datasets that result in scientifically supportable conclusions. Supporting multiple projects at one time and allocating time appropriately to individual projects are the primary complexities of the position. Resources will include the Core Director as position supervisor, as well as other statistical staff at the CFAR, the UW Departments of Global Health and Biostatistics Department and the Fred Hutch Biostatistics and Biomathematics Program. This position provides needed statistical consulting support specific to HIV/AIDS researchers at the University of Washington with an emphasis on supporting junior investigators. Specifically assistance with statistical design and data analysis, grant proposal preparation; database and statistical analysis support for subsequently funded research and CFAR award programs, short term consultations with on-site CFAR investigators; and collaboration with other members of the CFAR Biometrics Core on the identification and development of novel statistical methods and the development of training materials for CFAR investigators. RESPONSIBILITIES: The person in this position will be responsible for: Communicating with investigators to develop study designs including power and sample size calculations, determining the appropriate statistical analysis for individual research projects including the development of Statistical Analysis Plans (SAPs) and summarizing and presenting regular updates to study investigators and discussing adjustments to study design and statistical analysis as projects progress. Providing statistical support for clinical, biological, prevention and behavioral HIV/AIDS research in collaboration with investigators seeking assistance from the CFAR Biometrics Core. This includes conducting both descriptive and statistical analysis of study data, summarizing and presenting findings to investigators and in some cases development and maintenance the development of analysis databases from raw study data. Providing brief immediate response to statistical queries in person, via e-mail, telephone or SKYPE. Attending and participating in CFAR Biometrics Core staff and other regularly scheduled group meetings. Lead Responsibilities Provide statistical support to CFAR investigators including consultation to identify appropriate statistical approaches, perform statistical analysis of study data communicate results to investigators, document results for publication in manuscripts or grant applications and create, document, QC, and maintain study databases. REQUIREMENTS: Master’s degree in: Biostatistics, Statistics, or related 1 year which may include experience gained while in graduate school: Statistical consulting with medical, laboratory or public health scientists. Experience in analysis of longitudinal data, generalized linear models such as logistic and poisson regression, and survival analysis. Experience with at least one of SAS, Stata, Splus, or R statistical software packages. _Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except when there are legal requirements, such as a license/certification/registration._ DESIRED EXPERIENCE Experience with multiple statistical and database software packages. Experience with high-dimensional data such as genomics, proteomics or microbiome data. As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For detailed information on Benefits for this position, click here.