THE ROLE We are looking for a talented Platform Architect to work on our industry leading commerce platform. You will take ownership of the architecture responsibility for systems that will provide services to our high-profile customer webstores. The successful candidate will be part of the Platform Operations team leading architecture design, implementation, availability and performance. The candidate must demonstrate solid knowledge and experience managing and implementing systems that provide a great customer experience, and scale accordingly, to absorb high traffic volumes generated by high impact flash campaigns. The candidate will ensure the good health of the implemented infrastructure including designs for the effective monitoring, logging, and alerting setup that our Global Command Center will actively track. You will have a keen eye for recognizing and driving out inefficiencies while taking the initiative to simplify processes for our customers. You will not be afraid to relentlessly escalate and consistently raise the bar for skill and customer service. You will have a deep understanding of IaaS/PaaS/SaaS best practices and technologies. WHAT YOU'LL DO Serve as Subject Matter Expert to design/improve AWS Architecture and application deployments Work closely with application development team to support existing and new projects Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of operational services—from inception and design, through deployment, operation and refinement. Follow and promote quality best practices from all sides of software engineering and platform operations. Design, implement, and maintain solutions that contribute to the automation of code/infrastructure changes. Ensure good health of all Magento PaaS/SaaS products. Enhance and maintain Problem and Incident Manager Solutions. Constantly maintaining the KEKB (Known-Error Knowledge Base) Actively participate in high level team activities such as architecture or process improvements. Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems/retrospectives. WHAT YOU'LL NEED 10+ years of overall technology experience 5+ years’ experience on Infrastructure Architecture related work Understands the LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP/Python/Perl) stack from OS/WebServer/Database and Application along with AWS/Network/WAF/CDN Experience working with hyperscale cloud providers (AWS, Azure, GCP, etc.). Experience working with AWS tools such as: Docker, Cloudwatch, Elasticsearch, … Experience using/implementing CI/CD frameworks. Application deployment (Git, Jenkins, Composer, etc.). Infrastructure provisioning tools (Chef/Puppet, Ansible, Terraform, etc.). Extensive infrastructure automation via shell scripting (Python, BASH, etc.). Extensive experience with Monitoring / Logging / Alerting systems. Experience using Problem and Incident Manager Solutions. Experience using KEKB (Known-Error Knowledge Base) Intellectual curiosity to pursue the unknown and to continuously learn. Ability to work in a fast-paced dynamic environment. Good communication skills and a desire to work in a team-based environment. WHAT WE LIKE TO SEE Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science AWS certifications Experience in Lean, Six-Sigma, or Kaizen ITIL certification At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age , sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.