One Brave Idea (OBI) is a unique $75 million investment focused on combating coronary heart disease, enabled by a collaboration between the American Heart Association, Verily, and AstraZeneca. OBI has assembled a diverse team of scientists, together with the latest technologies and scientific advances, to identify the weapons and strategies needed to win the fight against cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of death worldwide. The OBI team is based in the Science Innovation Center in the Longwood Medical Area in Boston, which combines innovative participant phenotyping, large scale genetic, genomic and proteomic characterization, and mechanistic cell biology to enable novel discoveries and drive their application to clinical practice. One Brave Idea projects integrate internally generated experimental data characterizing participant’s genomes, proteomes, transcriptomes and non- molecular phenotypes with publicly available data in order to facilitate discovery of 1) novel phenotypic readouts of coronary artery disease at its earliest stages; and 2) insight into its disease mechanisms. The biostatistics position described here involves statistical analyses of clinical trial, cohort, electronic health record and internally derived experimental data. Qualified candidates will have advanced formal training in statistics or biostatistics including design and analysis of observational and experimental studies, causal inference, and strong statistical computing skills. Comfort with a broad range of data types, including genetic and biomarker data, is ideal. The candidate will work in collaboration with the Chief Data Scientist and Data Analysis Group at One Brave Idea. There will be the opportunity for career development with respect to authorship opportunities for journal manuscripts and abstracts/posters for professional scientific meetings _PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:_ Indicate key areas of responsibility, major job duties, special projects and key objectives for this position. These items should be evaluated throughout the year and included in the written annual evaluation. Collaborate with other Data Analysis Group members to develop and perform statistical analyses (including planning, programming, analysis, interpretation, visualization and writing of results) for investigational protocols, subgroup and post-hoc projects and registry databases ending with preparation of manuscripts, abstracts and presentations at scientific meetings. Organize analyses in a reproducible research workflow Possess a solid understanding of the purpose, objectives and goals of each study – including studies that are interdisciplinary. Rearranges data in a format that allows for accurate use as well as possible integration and pooling across data sets. Assure the maintenance of an up-to-date electronic archive recording data requests, statistical analyses, results, and data transmissions performed. Maintain department service standards as outlined in the BWH Code of Conduct Performs other duties as required and as appropriate. Qualifications _QUALIFICATIONS:_ (MUST be realistic, neither overstated nor understated, and related to the essential functions of the job.) Masters degree in biostatistics, statistics, or related field 3 years of related experience High proficiency in statistical computing; R strongly preferred _SKILLS/ ABILITIES/ COMPETENCIES REQUIRED:_ (MUST be realistic, neither overstated nor understated, and related to the essential functions of the job.) Ability to work independently as well as part of a team Possess strong analytical skills Ability to prioritize assignments, multi-task, make decisions based upon sound principles, and independently problem solve. Possess managerial skills in order to interact with other members of the internal and external research group. Ability to draft plans to resolve inaccuracies or other problematic situations. Excellent verbal and written communication skills Detail and process oriented Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously, including both long-term and short-term projects Ability to make decisions related to issues in the statistical group pending final approval from the Chief Data Scientist. Ability to develop novel ways to coordinate, manage and report data if required by new trials. Demonstrated sound independent judgment and competencies in clinical research. EEO Statement Brigham and Women’s Hospital is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability. Primary Location : MA-Boston-Boston - BWH Main Campus Work Locations : Boston - BWH Main Campus 75 Francis St Boston 02115 Job : Business and Systems Analyst Organization : Brigham & Women's Hospital(BWH) Schedule : Full-time Standard Hours : 40 Shift : Day Job Employee Status : Regular Recruiting Department : BWH Department Of Medicine / Cardiovascular Medicine Job Posting : Aug 10, 2018