Edina Realty employees enjoy a supportive, fun and flexible work environment that values innovation, creativity and new ideas. Management and leadership are accessible and encourage input from employees. Summary: Architect, design, develop, and enhance our Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM application. Provide technical direction as we integrate CRM with our marketing and operations platforms. Improve the ability for Agents to better service their customers by providing holistic technical solutions and training. Establish CRM best practices and help assure customer data integrity. Provide insights into customer analytics, marketing, and lead & nurture initiatives. Deliver strong technical support, expert product knowledge and innovative thought leadership for sales and marketing tools. Job Duties and Responsibilities (Essential Job Functions) Common job activities are listed below; actual position responsibilities may vary. Confer with sales agents and managers to understand both the business and technical requirements and set expectations of functional delivery in roadmap form. (10-20%) Serve as technical expert to define and maintain the architectural frameworks, processes, standards, and guidelines related to CRM functions. Conduct studies of new technologies and future versions of sales and marketing automation tools and practices. (10-20%) Provide architecture design and lead the development and support of integrations, including a contact’s web activity and other lead score inputs into CRM. Perform training sessions for Agents and Managers and support through the go-live process. Promote CRM adoption and acquire, track, prioritize and resolve issues from the user communities. (5-10%) Represent the CRM application as enterprise wide initiatives are being planned and executed. Work with partners to supplement development resources. (5-10%) Prepare support teams to assure they are well prepared and equipped to provide application support for CRM. Provide third level technical support for reports and dashboards and provide knowledge transfer and documentation to Level 2 support technicians. (5-10%) Lead the testing and analysis efforts to assure the solutions perform as designed. (5-10%) Work with project leaders and keep projects on schedule. (5-10%) Develop and review detailed design documents, ensuring designs adhere to best practices and established practices. (5-10%) Education: Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Business, Marketing, Finance, Mathematics, or Statistics. Master’s degree a plus. Professional training on Microsoft CRM highly desired Skills or Certification in an Architecture Framework or IT Management Framework, Facilitation, Human-Centered Design, Business Analyst training a plus. Experience: Minimum five years of software architecture, design, and development experience At least three years developing solutions with current versions Microsoft CRM. Experience working in an environment in which marketing automation software (such as ClickDimensions, Marketo, etc.) is integrated with Microsoft CRM highly desired At least one year of development in a cloud environment (Azure preferred) Experience developing product roadmaps highly desired Experience with Business Process Mapping and process optimization desired. Exposure to Lean, CMM, ITIL, or Six Sigma desired. Knowledge and Skills: Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM online. Marketing automation software, ClickDimensions preferred. Familiarity with PowerShell scripting Exposure to Windows Presentation Framework (WPF) Experience with .Net, JSON, ASP, CSS, and SQL Server Visual Studio and Team Foundation Server Flow, SSIS and SSRS experience desirable Excellent interpersonal, teamwork, communication, and problem-solving skills Excellent relationship building, critical thinking, and customer service skills Location Edina 6800 Edina, MN | Full-time Employees working 30 or more hours per week receive many benefits, including: Medical, dental and vision and life insurance Short term disability and long term disability 401k Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Incentive plan Discount programs After more than 60 years, Edina Realty Home Services continues to uphold the core values of honesty, integrity and commitment set by founder Emma Rovick in 1955. The positive and enjoyable work atmosphere contributes to high employee retention across our family of companies. In fact, 55 percent of employees have been with the company at least five years. We think Edina Realty Home Services is a great place to work, but you don’t have to take our word for it. We have consistently been named a Star Tribune Top 150 Workplace _Edina Realty Home Services provides equal opportunity (EEOC) to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, citizenship status, gender, gender identity, sex, sexual orientation, genetic information, physical or mental disability, disabled veteran, Vietnam era vet, marital status or other non-job related characteristics or category protected by US. Federal, state of local law._