The System Administrator is responsible for effective provisioning, installation, configuration, operation, and maintenance of systems hardware and software and related infrastructure. This individual participates in technical research and development to enable continuing innovation within this infrastructure. This individual ensures that system hardware, operating systems, software systems, and related procedures adhere to organizational standards and guidelines. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES Install new / rebuild existing servers and configure hardware, peripherals, services, settings, directories, storage, etc. in accordance with standards and project/operational requirements. Develop and maintain installation and configuration procedures. Contribute to and maintain system standards. Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backups. Apply OS patches and upgrades on a regular basis, and upgrade administrative tools and utilities. Configure / add new services as necessary. Perform ongoing performance tuning, hardware upgrades, and resource optimization as required. Configure CPU, memory, and disk partitions as required. Document the company’s existing systems architecture and technology portfolio; make recommendations for improvements and/or alternatives. Conduct research on emerging technologies in support of systems development efforts, and recommend technologies that will increase cost effectiveness and systems flexibility. Develop, document, communicate, and enforce a policy for standardizing systems and software as necessary. Develop and execute test plans to check infrastructure and systems technical performance. Report on findings and make recommendations for improvement. Provide guidance to junior members of the team. Any and all other duties as assigned. REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS Education: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience. Experience: Minimum seven (7) years of experience working in IT field. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Higher education working experience. Corporate experience in a multi-unit environment. REQUIRED SKILLS Proven experience in systems and network design and development. Solid grounding in core enterprise applications, including server virtualization, datacenter design and management, directory design and maintenance. In-depth technical knowledge of network, PC, and platform operating systems, including all versions of Windows server, Microsoft Active Directory, email systems and other enterprise applications. Working knowledge of cloud environments (Azure, AWS). Strong knowledge of software evaluation principles and practices. Strong analytical, problem-solving and conceptual skills. Excellent written, verbal communication and presentation skills. Excellent technical support documentation skills. Strong teamwork and interpersonal skills; ability to be adaptable, dependable and handle multiple priorities simultaneously. Ability to conduct research into emerging technologies and trends, standards, and products as required. Must be able to work in a fast-paced environment with demonstrated ability to juggle multiple competing tasks. Ability to work independently or in a team environment, and maintain collaborative relationships. Demonstrated ability to show a high level of service responsiveness to internal customers. Must have a proven consistent track record showing the ability to work with all levels within an organization. Must display a high level of energy and self-motivation. Detail orientated and thorough. Exceptional organizational skills. WORKING CONDITIONS: Must be available to work nights and weekends as required by business needs. Regular work requires a great deal of sitting for extended periods of time. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION At The Culinary Institute of America, it is important to us that we support our employees with a substantial and meaningful package of benefits. We believe in supporting our employees with benefits to assist with work life balance. Benefits are offered based on the position type and status. Benefits offered _may_ include; Medical and prescription drug plan Dental plan, Vision plan Insurance: Life, Home, Auto, even Pet! Short- and long-term disability plans Generous paid time off programs, including paid holidays Retirement savings plan 403(b) with company contribution Employee assistance program Tuition assistance programs And more! TR