GENERAL STATEMENT: Under general supervision of the Chief Plant Operator, the Assistant Wastewater Plant Operator will be responsible assisting the Wastewater Plant Operator and Chief Wastewater Plant Operator in the daily safe operation of the City's 3.0 MGD wastewater treatment plant which utilizes an activated sludge treatment process in accordance with all local, state, and federal rules and regulations. The Wastewater Plant operates 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Maintain records of samples, results, and field testing parameters in accordance with predefined standards. Perform routine process control testing on treatment process. Read various laboratory equipment displays and correctly record results on log forms. Oversees safety and security procedures; reports and addresses potentially unsafe conditions; uses equipment and materials properly. Must be present at site at work when scheduled and on time; arrives at meetings and appointments on time. Provides management with written routine reports and correspondence using Microsoft Excel, Word, and Outlook. Must meet all productive standards and completes assignment and work in timely manner. Must provide organizational support by following all policies and procedures. Must live within 45 minutes of normal travel time to Kyle, Texas. Will be required to be on-call. Community Relations o Maintains desired working relationship with Director of Public Works, Assistant City Manager and City Manager. o Works cooperatively with community groups. o Provides support to all City department programs and/or activities as needed o Actively participates in creating and providing desired service levels to the citizens of Kyle and non-citizens within the City of Kyle. o Maintains a professional working relationship with other Federal, State, and local governmental agencies. OTHER DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITES: Performs all other duties as assigned duly assigned. REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES: Ability to analyze problems and plan solutions. Ability to read and interpret written information such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to speak effectively before City staff and elected officials as needed. Mathematical Skills Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to compute rate, ratio, and percent and to draw and interpret bar graphs. Judgment Includes appropriate people in decision-making process. Adaptability Adapts to changes in the work environment; able to deal with frequent change, delays, or unexpected events. Dependability Follows instructions, responds to management direction; takes responsibility for own actions. Initiative Asks for and offers help when needed. QUALIFICATIONS, EXPERIENCE AND/OR CERTIFICATION REQUIRMENTS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required: High School Diploma or Equivalent, competent training and certification form a technical or vocational school. Ability to obtain Class D Wastewater Treatment License within two (2) years of hire. Preferred previous experience in wastewater treatment plant operations. Valid Class C Texas Driver's license, and be eligible for coverage under the City's vehicle insurance provider. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Anyone who poses a direct threat to the health and safety of himself/herself or others in the workplace will be deemed not qualified for this position. PHYSICAL REQUIRMENTS AND WORKING CONDITIONS: The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Physical Demands While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hand and arms; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl ; talk; hear. The employee is frequently required to sit and climb or balance. The employee is occasionally required to taste or smell. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds unassisted. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. Working Environment While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to high, precarious places; outside weather conditions; extreme cold; extreme heat and risk of electrical shock. The employee is frequently exposed to fumes or airborne particles and toxic or caustic chemicals. The employee is occasionally exposed to wet and/or humid conditions; moving mechanical parts; explosives; risk of radiation and vibration. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. This position description has been prepared to assist in defining job responsibilities, physical demands, and skills needed. It is not intended as a complete list of job duties, responsibilities, and/or essential functions. This description is no intended to limit or modify the right of any supervisor to assign, direct, and control the work of employees under supervision. The City of Kyle retains and reserves any or all rights to change, modify, amend, add to or delete, from any section of this document as it deems, in its judgment, to be proper.