GumGum is rapidly growing so we are in need of a motivated and adaptable Chief of Staff to support our COO/President while occasionally interfacing with the CEO. Focusing on strategy and execution, this critical role will prioritize key issues and required information to facilitate efficient decision-making. You are the point of contact on top initiatives between top management and other team members providing oversight and leading projects of high priority. You will assist with high-profile client meetings, board meetings, crafting external communication and general company management. Throughout this role the overall responsibilities include providing structure, process, and administration to the office for improved efficiency. Great opportunity to learn in a high growth, technology-driven startup environment. GumGum is an artificial intelligence company with a focus on computer vision. Our mission is to unlock the value of visual content produced daily across diverse data sets. We teach machines to see in order to solve hard problems. Since 2008, the company has applied its patented capabilities to serve a variety of industries from advertising to professional sports, with more to come. Responsibilities: Assist COO/President to identify priorities, strategically align their time with those priorities, and revisit them regularly to assess progress Build a successful and healthy organization: review, design, and execute on improvements to org structure, find knowledge and skills gaps and help address them, design optimal workflows, and align internal processes Streamline communication between COO/President and internal departments; demonstrating leadership to maintain credibility, trust and support with senior management staff Facilitate planning, alignment, execution and process development/improvement Lead a variety of long-term, cross-organizational projects through project management Provide support for financial and operational reporting and analysis Own performance metrics and ensure all projects align in meeting those metrics “Manage up” to share timely and meaningful feedback to the COO/President, and other leaders in the company to meet goals and execute on strategic initiatives Requirements: MBA strongly preferred 3+ years of experience in managing resourcing/staffing, and having worked directly with the C-suite/VP level on a regular basis Startup experience or consultancy at large firm is a plus (BCG) Strategic thinker, data-driven and analytical in approach to solving problems The ideal candidate has both hands-on experience and a tenured leadership foundation in the following areas: planning & process, product and/or financial planning, organizational change, communications & strategy execution Able to comfortably dive into any area of the business or product, understand business needs and facilitate executive decisions based on changing priorities Financial prowess and ability to create budgets, models, etc. Tech and web-savvy with the ability to learn new concepts quickly High level of integrity and management of confidential information Perks: Stock options, 401K, and medical/dental plans Unlimited vacation policy Visibility and exposure to strategic initiatives for a $100 million start-up Dog-friendly and snack filled office On-going learning Generous Paid Family Leave Great company culture, co-workers and monthly happy-hours Monthly fitness stipend Annual company retreats Located in the hotbed of tech startups blocks from the beach!