PLEASE ONLY APPLY IF YOU DO NOT NEED SPONSORSHIP TO WORK IN THE UNITED STATES NOW OR IN THE FUTURE. WE ARE UNABLE TO CONSIDER CANDIDATES WHO REQUIRE SPONSORSHIP. Wanted: Software Developers and Information Technologists who are innovators, creative minds, problem solvers, and people who get things done! At General Motors, we’ve charged ourselves with one mission: to design, build and sell the world’s best vehicles. We have recently undergone one of the largest Information Technology transformations in the history of the automotive industry and continue to drive technology innovations within General Motors. GM IT is a leader in cutting edge technologies such as Mobility, Telematics, Mission-Critical Business Systems, Supercomputing, Vehicle Engineering, and Real-time Computing. We offer challenging positions for passionate professionals looking to get in on the ground-floor of a growing “Fortune 5” firm that is re-inventing IT with a laser focus on Innovation, Speed, and Business Value. We’re looking for Information Technology graduates who: Have an insatiable drive for excellence Challenge themselves and their peers Enjoy working collaboratively in a cross-functional teams Demonstrate a strong work ethic Have a strong ability and willingness to learn Excel in a variety of job assignments Understand physics and math concepts, and have the ability to apply them to real applications Desire to deliver innovative solutions to complex problems In addition to specific areas below, our roles require critical thinking, excellent communication, and a passion for service excellence. If you have what it takes, come join our team in one of the many following positions: The Software Developer is responsible for developing solutions that drive innovation and competitive advantage. The role encompasses writing code to build and support GM’s systems, applications, and platforms as well as configuring, optimizing, and deploying packaged software (COTS). The role will interface with other project developers and architects to ensure that designs and quality are meeting GM requirements. Each Developer is envisioned to be part of the full SDLC of a project: from initiation through deployment. Minimal Qualifications include: Experience with programming in Java, .NET or other languages Knowledge of XML and relational databases (Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL) Familiarity with packaged software (eg., SAP, PeopleSoft, Sharepoint, etc.) Knowledge of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) as well as software development methodologies (e.g. Agile, Scrum, Iterative, Waterfall, etc.) Understanding of security, efficient code reuse, and software design The Software Test Analyst is responsible for testing solutions that drive innovation and competitive advantage. The role encompasses testing code and writing automation code to build and support GM’s systems, applications, and platforms as well as testing packaged software (COTS). The role will interface with other project members such as testers, product owners, business analysts and developers to ensure that designs and quality are meeting GM requirements. Each Test Analyst is envisioned to be part of the full SDLC of a project: from initiation through deployment, and assumes the critical quality role in the software development process. Minimal Qualifications include: Experience with programming in VB, Java, .NET or other languages Knowledge of XML and relational databases (Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL) Familiarity with packaged software (eg., SAP, Siebel, PeopleSoft, SharePoint, etc.) Knowledge of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) as well as software development methodologies (e.g. Agile, Scrum, Iterative, Waterfall, etc.) Understanding of security, efficient code reuse, and software design The Database Administrator will work with other organizations in the deployment, management, and support of all databases world-wide. This includes but is not limited to, working closely with database vendors, infrastructure groups, other DBAs, and application developers to implement, monitor, manage, control, upgrade, and patch consistently across GM’s database landscape. Working primarily from our I/T Innovation center sites, this business critical role is providing around the clock active monitoring and implementation services of GM’s critical database infrastructure. Some positions do features flexible shift opportunities, database development roles or emerging database technology roles. Minimal Qualifications include: Exposure to enterprise database technology (Oracle, SQL Server, DB2, MySQL or similar) Basic technical knowledge across multiple technology areas including: Java platform, Net framework, performance tuning, storage, networking, client libraries Basic awareness of data modeling, database design and architecture Excellent analytical, problem solving, written and oral communication skills Ability to concentrate and pay close attention to detail and think broadly with a system orientation Great team player The Information Security Specialist applies solid information security principles and best practices to their specific discipline, regardless of the specialization. This includes the understanding of the application of security concepts including risk management, compliance, threat and vulnerability assessments, information protection and access control, security processes, policy and standards. These skills are applied across a broad range of areas including operational security, application design and development, technology evaluation and acquisition. Minimum Qualifications include: Proficiency in computer programming, administration and/or scripting Knowledge of cyber security and risk management practices Knowledge of security architectures, tools and technologies Experience with designing secure applications and data protection Familiarity security forensics, vulnerability assessment and policy implementation Excellent collaboration and teamwork – ability to work cross functionally The IT Operations Engineer is a dynamic role that comprehends specific responsibilities pertaining to one or more of the following areas: Incident management and response Monitoring and continuity planning Service desk and user support Problem resolution and root-cause analysis System administration Database administration Minimal Qualifications include: Knowledge of Service Operations concepts (ITIL) Skills proficiency in System, Network, Security or Database operations and administration Knowledge of infrastructure and IT trends such as Cloud Computing Excellent collaboration and teamwork – ability to work cross functionally The Network Engineer role is responsible for analyzing, designing, installing, administering, maintaining, and troubleshooting network systems. As part of a high-performance global team, the Network Engineer participates in capacity planning, supports the creation and the maintenance of network disaster recovery plans, and monitors all network performance activities. Minimal Qualifications include: Knowledge of networking infrastructure and operations Familiarity and exposure to technical concepts in data, video, and voice services Knowledge of Service Operations concepts (ITIL) and networking protocols Excellent collaboration and teamwork – ability to work cross functionally These entry level positions are recruited through our on campus and organization recruiting efforts. For more information on our process and our event and interview dates, please check out our Student Center Recruiting Calendar at https://search-careers.gm.com/eventscalendar Requirements: Education: Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Software Engineering degree preferred Preferred minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 Job locations will be in one of our IT Innovation Centers: Detroit or Warren, Michigan; Roswell, Georgia; Austin, Texas; and Chandler, Arizona May have some work on an alternate shift. You must have the right to work in the U.S. without sponsorship (training/learning visas not sufficient)