General Mills is reshaping the future of food. We believe food makes us better. It nourishes our bodies, brings us joy and connects us to each other. As one of the world’s leading food companies, General Mills operates in more than 100 countries and markets more than 100 consumer brands, including Cheerios, Nature Valley, Betty Crocker, Yoplait, Annie’s Homegrown, Old El Paso, Epic Provisions, Blue Buffalo and more. Are you passionate about the future of food? You’ve come to the right table. We want the very best talent to help lead something big. OVERVIEW General Mills is seeking an R &D Technician who will be responsible for providing collaborative Packaging R&D technical support for One Global Cereal. This technician will be part of a fast paced, integrated, cross-functional team which includes Marketing, Sourcing, Product Development, Quality, and Operations. The responsibilities of this role include leading and executing core renovation, Dynamics and TAPPI testing, and systems and specification work (PLM, ECLIPS, TOPS, SAP etc.) for packaging initiatives and support of packaging engineers RESPONSIBILITIES Lead systems work for any changes in ECLIPS, PLM, and TOPS. Support plant trials and technical center production activities. Perform, gather, and interpret test data in support of key cost savings efforts. Support of new package development and/or material qualification. Partner with cross-functional teams to test and execute projects. Collaborate internally and externally, and leverage supplier resources to progress against key initiatives Bring packaging ideas and First Moment of Truth to life by creating mock-ups. QUALIFICATIONS High School Degree Required, Technical Degree/Certification Preferred 1 Year Technical Experience Required Ability to work collaboratively with diverse cross-functional team and with external resources including suppliers and external supply chain partners Computer proficiency, including Excel, Word, and PowerPoint Ability to manage multiple projects and priorities Ability to experiment and make data-based recommendations Strong verbal and written communication skills Highly flexible and adaptable Mechanical and problem-solving skills Ability to take on a wide range of assignments Excellent organizational & project management skills Thorough documentation skills of trials and results Self-starter and able to work with minimal direction, when necessary CB1