It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they are doing! _We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business._ The Reports Analyst (RA) - works as a liaison between the development team, internal and/or external clients and subject matter experts in order to elicit, analyze, communicate and validate requirements for changes to processes, policies, information systems and technology solutions. The RA understands business problems and opportunities in the context of the requirements and recommends BI and reporting solutions that enable the organization to achieve its goals. The RA may also be required to provide insight through analytics of customer, sales, operational or performance data that is available. The RA plays a key role in the delivery of successful BI and reporting solutions that support the business growth of Minacs. This role is based out of North America and is flexible in terms of work environment and location. SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES Investigates and analyzes existing systems and business requirements to identify insight solutions to serve client business needs. Authors requirements documents, translates requirements into functional specifications for hand-off to internal and/or external technical teams and subject matter experts for development. Leads in creating new document templates that assist in improving the BI SDLC Creates documentation for business case development, projects and supporting activities, including case studies, findings, conclusions, recommendations, request for proposal, data and process flow diagrams, specifications, test strategy, test plans, training materials, user documentation, etc. Designs system functions to support operational processes. Leads and participates in project teams to implement system solutions. Works with clients and team members to help resolve process gaps. Identifies and facilitates the development of needed policies and procedures for specific and overall operational processes in a clear, concise, and easily understood manner. Reviews the production and maintenance of design documents, verifies that requirements are testable and assists testing resources in generating testing case scenarios. Assist the technical team in investigating and analyzing production problems and issues as assigned; escalation support and problem analysis for operational issues related to applications. Defines operational reporting requirements for new initiatives or enhancement projects. Facilitates JAD sessions; Use Case workshops; Business Modeling and Design walkthroughs. Facilitates application walkthrough to the client/end user Ensures that the product is built according to the requirements and is built correctly. Depending on location of candidate, there may be travel considerations to sites / client’s location Mentor and support junior members of the team ESSENTIAL QUALIFICATIONS Education/Knowledge: University or college degree or equivalent in Business Administration, Information Technology or related discipline. Knowledge of: Advanced Excel Database Management SQL & VBA programming skills Data Modeling, Process and Workflow analysis IT systems, architectures, and nomenclature, IT application and data functions and capabilities Business Intelligence tools and Data Visualization skills Solid understanding of Data Warehousing concepts and practices Experience / Skill: Minimum 3 years’ experience in an analytical support role Expertise in requirements and functional design facilitation and documentation, including modeling tools and methods. Experience managing quality assurance functions within a project lifecycle, including the creation of test strategy, test plans from requirements and design documentation, and issue and resolution processes. Ability to effectively manage multiple activities or project tasks of varying complexity with conflicting priorities involving cross-functional teams and aggressive time constraints. Ability to analyze data to reveal actionable insights Excellent communication and presentation skills in both written and verbal, including the ability to produce clear and well organized documentation. Excellent interpersonal, negotiation and mediation skills. Must be able to effectively communicate with stakeholders at all levels and to influence change. Customer-focused, team player with a desire to continuously improve current business practices/processes. Ability to see the big picture while maintaining a detail-oriented mindset. Strong interviewing skills with the ability to identify and extract requirements from others. Proven analytical and problem-solving skills, including the ability to build accurate, comprehensive business cases, define and document optimal practices. Concentrix is an equal opportunity employer. Concentrix evaluates qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, disability status or any other legally protected characteristic.