To provide senior level system analysis, design, development, and implementation of applications and databases for mainframe-, client/server-, Web-, and/or PC-based systems. Looking for a highly motivated and engaged net-centric developer who is proficient in Java and has experience in AWS to join a high-performing team. Ideal Technical background: Programming Languages - Java JavaScript Angular Express NodeJS Methodologies - TDD, OOP or OOD, Functional Programming, Design Patterns Architecture - Rest (Microservices) API Economy Cloud - AWS - desired Frameworks - Spring, Jersey/REST, Spring Integration Testing - JUnit, TDD using Cucumber, Mock Frameworks - Mockito Duties and Responsibilities: 1\. Provides senior level system analysis, design, development, and implementation of applications and databases for client/server-, Web-, and/or PC-based software or middleware. Integrates third party products. 2\. Translates technical specifications, and/or logical and physical design into code for new or enhancement projects for internal clients. Develops code and test artifacts that reuse subroutines or objects, is well structured, backed by automated tests, includes sufficient comments and is easy to maintain. Writes programs, appropriate test artifacts, ad hoc queries, and reports. Employs contemporary software development techniques to ensure tests are implemented in a way that supports automation. 3\. Elevates code into the development, test, and Production environments on schedule. Provides follow up Production support. Submits change control requests and documents. 4\. Thoroughly understands software development methodology. Thoroughly understands architecture standards. Trains and mentors staff with less experience. Resolves issues elevated from staff with less experience. 5\. Participates in design, code, and test Inspections throughout life cycle to identify issues. Explains technical considerations at related meetings, including those with internal clients. 6\. Performs systems analysis, including system requirements analysis and definition (e.g., prototyping), and logical and physical design. 7\. Writes the system/technical portion of assigned deliverables. Assists technical team members with the system/technical portion of their deliverables (e.g., systems testers, test plans). On small teams, the developer may write these items. Qualifications: Undergraduate degree in a related field or the equivalent combination of training and experience. 5 years developer or systems analyst experience. Strong written and oral communication skills. Strong, demonstrated analysis and problem solving skills. Strong planning and organizational skills. Demonstrate a track record of strong database and data access analysis, design and implementation skills/capabilities. Advanced knowledge of one or more testing tools, performance tools, and scripting languages in the SOE/SDE list, preferred See additional information for the specific requirements for this posting. Vanguard is not offering visa sponsorship for this position.