Forget what you know about old-school industry rules. When you work at Old Navy, you’re choosing a different path. From day one, we’ve been on a mission to democratize fashion and make shopping fun again. Our teams make style accessible to everyone, creating high-quality, must-have fashion essentials for the whole family, with love, season after season. We opened our first store in 1994 in San Francisco and have been on a roll ever since. Today, customers can find fabulous fashion at affordable prices online and in one of our 1,000+ stores globally. Old Navy celebrates a workplace that’s just as diverse as our customers. Fun, fashion, family and value are at the heart of everything we do. We cultivate a community of playful personalities that thrive in a fast-paced environment where our employees can be their most authentic selves. Here, we’re family. Old Navy – a brand for everyone a place for you! Job Summary: As a Manager HR Analytics & Operations, your core purpose will be to provide analytical, operational and project management support to drive Talent & Culture people practices & outcomes for Old Navy Field and Headquarters, as well as the potential for enterprise work that yield tangible results for the company. Competencies: Learning Agility Strategic Orientation Collaboration and Influencing Drives Results Organizational Leadership: As a Mgr HR Analytics and Operations, you are part of the Old Navy Talent & Communications team You take an Enterprise point of view – collaborating with peers across the organization to develop leveraged solutions for the company (Old Navy, Gap, Banana Republic, Athleta and Intermix) You work with peers and cross functional partners in Human Resources, Customer Insights, Finance, Store Operations, etc. You model and inspire your team to embody our culture. Be fast. Be fearless. Be better. Be bold. Key Responsibilities: _Reporting:_ Develop, create, and provide relevant, accurate and actionable HR reporting on a regular basis using data from multiple HR data sources _Analytics:_ Compile, analyze, and synthesize data to communicate workforce status and trends; can ‘paint the picture’ to what story is being told in a concise and illustrative way _Business Partnership:_ Consult with the business to understand short & long term talent outcomes desired; create reporting to measure progress and / or ROI _Project Management, Process, and Operational Support:_ Own the project management of key talent strategies and the administration of ongoing people processes and tools _Shared Service Support:_ Lead and own various HR processes/systems in support of the greater HR Generalist Team Key Experiences: Proven ability to analyze complex data by identifying linkages between multiple data sources that tells a story and drives key people decisions Strong interest (and general understanding) of "systems thinking" e.g. the process of understanding how things (actions, workflows etc.) influence one another within a whole Passionate about HR process and creating tools/resources from scratch to create consistencies and efficiencies within the HR Talent Team Ability to think ‘outside the box’ to drive creative solutions to HR and business related questions Clearly conveys information and ideas through verbal and written communication to individuals or groups in a manner that engages the audience and helps them understand and retain the message Team player who enjoys working in a collaborative environment with different types of teams High professional standards regarding customer service and data confidentiality Strong computer skills in Excel required. Workforce Analytics and PeopleSoft a plus KEY BENEFITS: Merchandise discount for our brands: 50% off regular-priced merchandise at Gap, Banana Republic and Old Navy, 30% off at Outlet and 25% off at Athleta. One of the most competitive Paid Time Off plans in the industry. Employees can take up to five “on the clock” hours each month to volunteer at a charity of their choice. Extensive 401(k) plan with company matching for contributions up to four percent of an employee’s base pay. Employee stock purchase plan. Employees receive medical, dental, vision and life insurance. Employees can apply for tuition reimbursement. Family care programs. Commuter benefits. Pet Discount Program. For eligible employees Gap Inc. is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. We are committed to recruiting, hiring, training and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds, and make all employment decisions without regard to any protected status. In 2016, Gap Inc. was named one of the Best Places to Work by the Human Rights Campaign for the thirteenth consecutive year and was the sole winner of the Catalyst award for equality in the workplace in 2016.