The Operations Analyst will collaboratively work with university departments and Supply Chain Management (SCM) teams, in particular with Procurement and Accounts Payable as one team, being a liaison to research and resolve complex procure to pay issues. Follows up and facilitates the timely resolution and successful closure of these issues. Assist departments in identifying opportunities for procure to pay process improvement and driving operational efficiency. The Operations Analyst will troubleshoot invoicing and payment functional issues within the university’s eProcurement system. Resolve system process or workflow failures related to invoices. Collaborates with and escalates issues to senior Business Systems Analysts and technical teams to help resolve system issues. Participate in the testing and troubleshooting of system issues, changes, and updates. Enhance and promote knowledge about the eProcurement system usage, procure to pay processes, and best practices. Create, maintain, and deliver user training through a variety of mediums and channels. The Operations Analyst will provide resolution of day to day operational and transactional issues that prevent the timely approval or completion of university payment obligations within the university’s eProcurement system. Serve as the liaison between departments and suppliers to resolve urgent and critical payment issues. SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT Supply Chain Management (SCM) facilitates the purchase of the highest-quality goods and services at the least total cost. This is achieved by developing strategic partnerships, pursuing initiatives that leverage the power of our collective spend, and investing in talented staff and state-of-the-art technology, as well as ensuring compliance with all University of California policies and state and federal regulations. ABOUT UCSF The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences.