Senior Director – Global Learning At Weight Watchers, we inspire healthy habits for real life. We meet our members where they are and leverage the latest nutritional and behavioral science to help them eat healthier, move more, and shift their mindset. We are a purpose-driven organization and we understand how to create community and deliver personalized services to help our members throughout every step of their journey. We have more than 50 years of history and trust to build on, and we are leveraging technology, community, and behavior science to help more people around the world reach their goals. Our approach is science-based and evidence proven to help people lose weight and develop healthy habits to live life fully. If being part of a purpose-driven, member-focused, high-performing digital culture sounds exciting to you; we invite you to explore Weight Watchers and our open positions _Summary_ The Senior Director-Global Learning is the principal architect responsible for the framework vision, mission, implementation and evaluation of global learning programs needed to support the execution of the business strategy during a period of unprecedented growth and innovation. _Key Responsibilities_ Strategically define the direction of global learning across functions, informed by a deep understanding of the current state of learning programs and relevant best in class practices being implemented in the marketplace from core curriculum to discipline and regional-specific programs. Create a global learning curriculum from onboarding to maintenance and growth for our WW coaches to lead effective WW studio (meeting) facilitated sessions Design and lead the learning vision, roadmap and content development process including intake, design process, prioritization, capacity planning and post mortem reviews. Evaluate existing programs for impact and alignment with functional needs. Provide recommendations for learning experiences that increase reach, impact, and future capability requirements. Lead the development, implementation, and management of the L &D; quality review standards. Create a global learning curriculum for all global corporate staff and corporate People Leadership at WW in partnership with Director, OD to ensure a globally consistent, robust set of courses derived from consistent employee competencies (our Impact Behaviors) and WW leadership behaviors Partners with key stakeholders in our global functions (e.g. Brand, Product, Science) to ensure a current understanding of the businesses' strategy and plans for execution Build a strong team with a focus on continual improvement and empowerment of learners globally. Connects the learning needs into a globally integrated learning strategy in order to identify synergies and common programs, as well as incorporate regional feedback and leverage the global network Conducts internal & external best practices and brings external thought and leadership to keep the delivery team's practices cutting edge _Qualifications and Experience_ Bachelor’s Degree required; preferred Master’s Degree in Human Resources or related field. Minimum 15 years of progressive experience in learning & development functions including in-person training, virtual training and facilitation roles. Instructional design experience and knowledge set to help guide the design team to execute against business priorities Senior level expertise across a variety of instructional methods and training techniques including curriculum design principles, adult learning theory, and blended learning strategies. Previous management experience supervising a high performing, global team. Experience working cross-culturally with diverse colleagues in a global environment. Previous experience serving as a consultant/advisor in analyzing client needs; setting and managing expectations and influencing decisions. Experience setting global curriculum and incorporating regional differences with an 80% similar across, mentality Excellent ability to engage with people at all levels of an organization. Proven track record of communicating and processing complex and sensitive information in both verbal and written formats. Exceptional ability to prioritize and complete multiple complex projects simultaneously. Excellent coaching and mentoring skills. Ability to translate strategic goals into appropriate development programs that expertly balance the evolving priorities of the organization. Excellent interpersonal, communication and presentation skills. Solid influencing, negotiation and facilitation skills with the ability to foster and maintain collaborative relationships with clients, peers, subordinates and other key stakeholders. Experience in group facilitation and team coaching with a track record of improving overall performance. Strong project management skills. Must have the ability to document and communicate project plans, monitor work in progress, and achieve project milestones/end results for others to understand. Strong business acumen, with the ability to credibly make a business case, by linking current and anticipated business challenges with learning and development solutions. We hire only the best people. Here are the benefits to being top-notch: The opportunity to work with some of the best innovators in the industry Generous healthcare coverage 401(K) with company match Paid Time Off Paid parental leave Tuition reimbursement Wellness allowance Profit Sharing Plus, the resources to locate services including child care, legal services, pet care and more Weight Watchers is an equal opportunity employer. Weight Watchers does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, creed, national origin, marital status, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability. Any offer of employment is contingent upon the satisfactory results of reference and background checks.