JOB SUMMARY: The Network Security Analyst will plan, implement, upgrade, and monitor security measures for the protection of enterprise computer networks. This role will specialize in endpoint security including servers, vulnerability management and application assessments. Ensuring appropriate security controls that will safeguard digital systems and vital infrastructure on premise and cloud hosted environments. The position will also respond to and manage security incidents. ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: Perform web application vulnerability assessments and reporting using web application assessment software. Also using centralized vulnerability scan engines to assess operating systems, network devices, databases and applications Perform real-time web application protection against SQL injection attacks, malicious bots, zero-day attacks, data loss and defacement protection and any other Web Application attacks that exist. Knowledge of common vulnerabilities found in application code, such as SQL Injection vulnerabilities. Design reviews, sometimes spanning the detailed application level, the database level, and the network level Work with developers and systems analysts to improve the security of new product offerings Design and implement security analysis tools Excellent communication skills and ability to interact professionally with a diverse group of clients and staff in difficult or conflictive situations. Ability to quickly learn new technologies and keep abreast of the latest technological advances. Strong project management skills including coordination, organization, documentation and communication abilities. Strong organizational skills with ability to prioritize effectively. Provide technical assistance and direction to other team members. SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE & EDUCATION: Bachelor’s degree in Business or Information Management or equivalent experience required. At least 5 years professional experience and at least 3 years focused on security and vulnerability analysis. CISSP and GIAC GSEC certifications preferred Excellent communication, problem solving and analytical skills. Experience with WAF management and vulnerability scanners preferred. Ability to work under pressure and time constraints. Be able to work in a global organization supporting multi-language and multi-cultural environments.