Position Profile Innovation and IT are synonymous at MasterBrand Cabinets. Joining our team means you will be part of an inclusive culture where you are encouraged to think out of the box. Our goal is to drive impactful business results through utilization of trending technology platforms such as digital mobile IoT CRM ERP AR/VR Cyber Security Agile BI Analytics DevOps Content Management Service Oriented Delivery and many more. MBCI is paving the way forward. Position Summary The Big Data Architect is responsible for providing technical leadership focusing on starting and growing Big Data analytics and other programs at MasterBrand. Concentration will be on defining Big Data/Hadoop technology strategy roadmap and architecting and standing-up Big Data environment. In addition the qualifying candidate will be expected to dedicate a portion of his/her time on keeping-up and experimenting with innovative technologies in the BI and Analytics space. Organizational Relationship This position reports directly to the Sr. Director – Business Intelligence & Applications. Accountabilities Plan and establish Hadoop technology standards and usage frameworks within the BI Department. Work closely with the Infrastructure team to define the hardware procurement and upgrade roadmap. Work in concert with a team of ETL developers to ensure efficient and accurate data transfer within the entire EDW echo system with Big Data Platforms. Build and optimize information models physical data layouts configuration optimization and monitoring of RDBMS and Hadoop environments and improve overall processing efficiencies to support the needs of the business. Work with business teams and technical analysts to understand business requirements. Determine how to leverage technology to create solutions that satisfy the business requirements. Experience in building Business Intelligence platforms in an enterprise environment. Data integration (batch micro-batches real-time data streaming) across Hadoop RDMSs and Data warehousing. Responsible for driving innovations and developing proofs-of-concept and prototypes to help illustrate approaches to technology and business problems. All other duties as assigned at management's discretion. Characteristics & Attributes Strong communication skills – listening verbal written and presentation. Must demonstrate “out of box” thinking and creative problem solving skills. Ability to understand business requirements and building pragmatic/cost effective solutions using Agile project methodologies. Attention to detail and accuracy. Ability to work effectively across all levels of the organization. Ability to handle multiple tasks and function in a team-oriented fast-paced matrix environment. Excellent grasp of integrating multiple data sources into an enterprise data management platform and can lead data storage solution design. Education & Experience A Bachelors-level degree in computer science information technology engineering or related field is required. Minimum of 8-10 years enterprise IT application experience including at least 3 years of architecting strategic scalable BI Big Data solutions and data warehousing. Experience of software development methodologies and structured approaches to system development. Hands-on experience with related scripting and programming languages (e.g. Java Scala Linux Apache Perl/Python) and analytics tools (e.g. search and text analytics SAS R BI tools).