Graduation with a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university with major course work in a field related to the job, plus two (2) years related experience Experience may substitute for education up to four (4) year Notes to Applicants When completing the City of Austin employment application: Please be sure to detail on the application all previous employment that you wish to be considered as part of your qualifications. A detailed, complete employment application is required. It helps us to better evaluate your qualifications and will be used to determine salary if you are selected for this position. Be sure to provide job title and employment dates for all jobs you wish to be considered. Responses to the Supplemental Questions inquiring about experience should be reflected on your application. A resume and cover letter will not substitute for a complete employment application. Incomplete applications will not be considered. Please include contact information from previous employers. If you are selected to interview: Military/Veterans must provide a copy of their DD214 at the time of initial interview to receive military/veteran interview preference. If you are selected for hire: You must provide proof of education which may include your official college transcript, High School diploma, GED or equivalent degree and your professional licenses. This position requires a criminal background investigation. Pay Range Commensurate Hours Days: Monday – Friday Hours: 8am – 5pm After hours, weekend, and holiday work may be required. Job Close Date 08/11/2018 Type of Posting External Department Communication & Tech Mgmt Regular/Temporary Regular Grant Funded or Pooled Position Not Applicable Category Professional Location CTM - 1124 South IH-35 - Austin, TX 78704 Preferred Qualifications 1\. 4+ Yrs – Experience in data center administration, WAN Administration, and LAN design. 2\. 2+ Yrs – Experience in researching, procuring, and implementing new network routing and switching technologies. 3\. 2+ Yrs – Experience in configuring Cisco ASR routers, Catalyst switches, and Nexus switches. 4\. Has a current CCNP Certification or 6+ years in networking data segmentation, WAN architectural design, and WAN maintenance. 5\. 2+ Yrs. – Experience creating and administrating, OSPF adjacencies, and VLANS. Duties, Functions and Responsibilities For more information on the Duties, Functions and Responsibilites for this job please – click here Knowledge, Skills and Abilities For more information on the Knowledge, Skills and Abilities for this job please – click here Does this job require a criminal background investigation? This position requires a criminal background investigation EEO/ADA City of Austin is committed to compliance with the American Disabilities Act. If you require reasonable accommodation during the application process or have a question regarding an essential job function, please call (512) 974-3210 or TTY (512) 974-2445. Information For City Employees: If you are an employee within the department, are in good standing and meet both the minimum and preferred qualifications, then you will receive an initial interview.