At Toyota Research Institute (TRI), we’re working to build a future where everyone has the freedom to move, engage, and explore with a focus on reducing vehicle collisions, injuries, and fatalities. Join us in our mission to improve the quality of human life through advances in artificial intelligence, automated driving, robotics and materials science. We’re dedicated to building a world of “mobility for all” where everyone, regardless of age or ability, can live in harmony with technology to enjoy a better life. Through innovations in AI, we’ll… 1) Develop vehicles incapable of causing a crash, regardless of the actions of the driver. 2) Develop technology for vehicles and robots to help people enjoy new levels of independence, access, and mobility.3) Bring advanced mobility technology to market faster. 4) Discover new materials that will make drive batteries and hydrogen fuel cells smaller, lighter, less expensive and more powerful. Our work is guided by a dedication to safety – in how we research, develop, and validate the performance of vehicle technology to benefit society. As a subsidiary of Toyota, TRI is fueled by a diverse and inclusive community of people who carry invaluable leadership, experience, and ideas from industry- leading companies. Over half of our technical team carries PhD degrees. We’re continually searching for the world’s best talent ‒ people who are ready to define the new world of mobility with us! We strive to build a company that helps our people thrive, achieve work life balance, and bring their best selves to work. At TRI, you will have the opportunity to enjoy the best of both worlds ‒ a fun start up environment with brilliant people who enjoy solving tough problems and the financial backing to successfully achieve our goals. If you’re passionate about working with smart people to make cars safer, enable the elderly to age in place, or design alternative fuel sources, TRI is the place for you. ‒ Start your impossible with us. As a machine learning engineer, you are at the forefront of advancing our core artificial intelligence efforts. You work alongside top research scientists in machine learning and are responsible for deploying cutting-edge machine learning techniques across truly vast amounts of data. You interact closely with our data teams to design and deploy large-scale distributed infrastructure for training and inference. You are passionate about applying machine learning to real-world problems in autonomous driving and robotics and about building the required frameworks and tools to do so. Responsibilities Help create new deep learning approaches and apply them to tackle a plethora of real-world problems, such as large-scale scene understanding, semantic segmentation, action recognition, etc. Engineer big-data tools and pipelines to train, evaluate and deploy deep neural networks across TRI’s datasets Design and implement features for our distributed (cloud and bare-metal) machine learning infrastructure Work on creating new pathways through TRI’s machine learning data stack utilizing AWS and other compute platforms Build smarter, more efficient ways of automating deep learning processes, including labeling, training, testing and visualization Evaluate, adapt and apply popular deep learning frameworks for global, petabyte-scale use Qualifications (profile 1): Advanced Computer Science degree (or related) Qualifications (profile 2): BS in Computer Science or related field with 3+ years of meaningful work experience Proven software engineering skills in Python and/or C++ Direct experience with TensorFlow (preferred), Caffe, Keras, Theano or Torch Hands-on experience with cloud frameworks such as AWS, GCP or Azure Excited about building powerful yet efficient big-data infrastructure for machine learning