Sr Technology Integration Lead - INF001185 The Sr. Technology Integration Lead is responsible for the coordination and delivery of non-production infrastructure and applications. Primary expertise for this role is to understand the interdependencies between the technical components to ensure delivery of test and development environments. The primary responsibility for this role is to coordinate the schedule of environment upgrades and updates across all non-production environments. In accomplishing this, the Sr. Technology Integration Lead will collaborate with test engineers, infrastructure engineers, application developers and project managers for the delivery of these environments. Location Note _We are open to filling this role at either of the following locations:_ Chicago, IL - 8410 W. Bryn Mawr Avenue, Chicago, IL 60631 near O’Hare Airport with easy access off the CTA Blue Line at the Cumberland station. Knoxville, TN - 800 Cornerstone Drive, Knoxville, TN 37932 Position Goals Participate in the creating the overall direction, policies, standards and guidelines for the Technology Integration team. Ensure all technology solution deployments align with technology standards and patterns as defined by Architecture. Ensure the timely delivery of technology deployments and projects. Familiarity with all aspects of the business service systems at the enterprise level is required. Participate with Architecture on the development and maintenance of technical system strategies focusing on systems integration. Ensure all technology solution deployments align with technology standards and patterns as defined by Architecture. Maintain close working relationships with management to understand technology goals and requirements. Work with the IS leadership to provide integration, delivery, and detailed design standards Essential Duties and Key Responsibilities Represents Technical Delivery Teams in the project initiation and Business Case Assessment (BCA) phases for business and IS projects to ensure on-time delivery Assists the project manager in identifying the technical resources that will be required to implement and deliver a technical solution Reviews and approves project High Level Designs Maps the High Level Design infrastructure requirements to a Detailed Design. Accountable for the creation of a cohesive Technology Detailed Design by the I.S. Delivery teams Drives the identification of the detailed hardware and software components and provides direction on how to appropriately implement application components using the respective hardware and software. Provides support and guidance to the project teams during the analysis, development and testing processes. Identifies and communicates risks (business, application, technical) associated with component or application implementation. Coordinates the activities of the infrastructure engineers or application developers in deploying the solution. Provides leadership in the resolution of technical issues that arise during the project lifecycle Coordinates with assigned Solutions Delivery resources to create test cases and the test plan for ‘Production Environment Testing’ of a new system configuration Coordinates the execution of the production environment test plan and documents the results for the project team Working with the project manager, leads the infrastructure or application project team in the creation of work plan to deliver and deploy the solution into production (“Cutover Plan”) Provides deep knowledge and expertise in one or more application or infrastructure domain technologies Establishes and maintains strong working relationships with all Delivery teams. Establishes a strong working relationships with the IS Architecture, IS Project Management and Enterprise Testing teams Included in reviews of the IS Architecture and Delivery Teams’ roadmaps. Proactively mentor junior staff in skills development and career advancement. Experience and Educational Requirements Bachelor’s degree, specialized training, or equivalent work experience. Minimum 7 years relevant work experience Understanding of multiple physical or logical domain technologies and systems design. Knowledge of the overall system technology and business operating models and underlying technical architecture. Knowledge of project management methodologies and tools. Understanding of relevant technologies and development life cycles. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Strong influencing and presentation skills. Technical Skills _This role will involve either direct experience with or strong familiarity or knowledge of the following technologies:_ Business Applications: CRM and BSS/OSS applications Standards & Methodology: ITIL, Scaled Agile Framework Office Automation: Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Visio, SharePoint Planning & Design: Microsoft Project, Visio Integration Technologies: Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), Oracle WebLogic, Oracle Service Bus Databases: Oracle RDBMS, Microsoft SQL Server Job : Information Technology Location(s) : Illinois-CHICAGO_IL Tennessee-KNOXVILLE_TN U.S. Cellular® is an EEO employer and gives consideration to qualified applicants without regard to race/color/age/religion/sex/sexual orientation/gender identity/national origin/disability/veteran status, pregnancy or genetic information.