This position is based in Houston, Texas ASCI is looking for a detail oriented go-getter to fill the role as a Master Data Analyst III. This individual will be able to work/insert themselves into our clients business operations, providing feedback and opportunities every day to maximize catalog compliance with the standards and technical requirements set up by our client. Advanced MS Excel skills is preferred along with previous experience with material master, purchasing information records and source lists. The successful candidate will also have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, as they will be required to facilitate meetings and perform all associated activities related to the meetings. Summary: This position is primarily responsible for operating an established catalog integrity maintenance program to achieve and maintain high levels of customer catalog integrity. This position manages and governs material master data standards and ensures catalog compliance with standards and technical requirements. It is responsible for providing nomenclature/attribute subject matter expertise and review and maintenance of the taxonomy in coordination with customer quality and technical authorities. This individual also maintains documentation of the standards, trains materials personnel in the correct application of these standards, and reviews catalog item descriptions to assure compliance with overall catalog integrity standards. This is a client facing position, so it requires the utmost in professionalism at all times. Essential Duties & Responsibilities: Work in a safe manner and correct unsafe acts and conditions. Follow a prioritized work program based on criticality of materials to assure catalog compliance with customer quality standards. Maintain processes and procedures to review critical materials categories and perform ongoing data maintenance as needed. Serve as primary materials resource to liaison with customer technical authorities and capture technical requirements at the business level. Maintain developed, prioritized, methodical work program to review technical catalog content and assure compliance with facility level technical requirements, including adherence to approved manufacturers. Adhere to processes and procedures to review important materials categories. Maintain established catalog nomenclature and content standards and serve as primary training resource for materials personnel on catalog integrity standards. Review newly created and changed catalog content on a daily operational basis and monitor compliance with catalog integrity standards. Propose corrections/data improvements to material coordinators to remedy identified deficiencies. Achieve operational cost savings by educating material personnel on techniques for avoiding the creation of duplicate customer catalog content. Inform personnel when they have created duplicate content and help them enhance their catalog search techniques. Organize and effectively lead company Catalog Integrity Assurance Team as a standing, cross-functional Continuous Improvement Team. Utilize team to refine catalog integrity assurance standards, improve their deployment and application, and generally promote sound catalog maintenance and management practices within the company. Inform material personnel supervisors and ASCI/AMS management of issues, factors and behaviors that degrade customer catalog integrity. Serve as a key resource in identifying solutions. Work independently with only general supervision to assure company compliance with customer QA and technical standards as reflected in customer catalog content and related company operating practices. Establish a work program that applies a steady, well-prioritized level of effort toward the key elements of catalog integrity management. Identify areas of risk and prioritize appropriately. Facilitate reviews and management of change to the client standard catalogue nomenclature and taxonomy Collaborate between business stakeholders, data stewards, subject matter experts, and data professionals enabling everyone in the organization to collaborate and benefit from the knowledge of many Integrate between the client’s data governance platform and data quality tools, master data hub, and other data management infrastructure Control and know who is responsible for the client’s master data and what’s being done with it Assist in coordination between multiple ongoing programs and projects, provide leadership and coordination to the different teams. Assist in creation of data policies, including global process owners from the client, as well as a global solution Essential Skills Excellent Communication skills both verbal and written Ability to lead and facilitate meetings, determine the meeting’s agenda, record attendees, record key takeaways, and next steps and must be able to archive and find meeting notes, when necessary, at any point Non-Essential Duties Other duties as assigned Required Skills Minimum Qualifications: This position must meet the Level III requirements Required for Level I A minimum of five (5) years of progressively responsible experience in a business office setting, two (2) of which must include experience dealing with industrial maintenance and construction materials. High School Diploma, or equivalent, required. Associates degree in business related field preferred. Logistics and Supply Chain Management certification preferred. Required for Level II Meet requirements for Level I, plus have one (1) year of experience as a Master Data Analyst (or similar position). Required for Level III Meet requirements for Level I, plus have two (2) years of experience as a Master Data Analyst (or similar position) and have (1) year of project management or supervisory experience. Required Experience To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The competencies listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Attendance/Punctuality \- Ensures work responsibilities are covered when absent; arrives at meetings and appointments on time Customer and Personal Service \- Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services. This includes customer and/or supplier needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction. Understands that co-workers are internal customers and delivers excellent service. Be _highly responsive,_ proactive and service-oriented to peers, vendors and customers. Dependability \- Follows instructions, responds to management direction, takes responsibility for own actions, keeps commitments, commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals, completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with an alternate plan. Ethics \- Treats people with respect; keeps commitments, inspires the trust of others, works with integrity and ethically, upholds organizational values. Maintain the _highest ethical standards_ throughout the company; know that we are built on trust, loyalty and professionalism. File/Information Management - Entering, transcribing, recording, storing, or maintaining information in written or electronic/magnetic form Innovation - Displays original thinking and creativity, meets challenges with resourcefulness, generates suggestions for improving work, develops innovative approaches and ideas, presents ideas and information in a manner that gets others' attention. _Innovate_ and deliver new solutions using technology tools, performance management skills and other best practices. Add value! Oral and Written Communication – The individual speaks clearly and persuasively in positive and negative situations, listens and gets clarification, responds well to questions, and participates in meetings. Writes clearly and informatively, varies writing style to meet needs, presents numerical data effectively and is able to read and interpret written information. Gives full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times. Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar. Organizational Support \- Follows policies and procedures; completes administrative tasks correctly and on time; supports organization's goals and values; benefits organization through outside activities; supports affirmative action policies and respects diversity Problem Solving – The individual identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner and gathers, analyzes and interprets both financial and general business information skillfully. The individual understands the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and decision-making. Uses logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems Professionalism \- Approaches others in a tactful manner; reacts well under pressure; treats others with respect and consideration regardless of their status or position; accepts responsibility for own actions; follows through on commitments. _Advance_ the success of ASCI, always realizing that a successful employer is a stable employer. Put our best foot forward. Q uality Management – The individual looks for ways to improve and promote quality, applies feedback to improve performance, monitors own work to ensure quality and demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness Safety and Security – The individual actively promotes and personally observes safety and security procedures, determines appropriate action beyond guidelines, reports potentially unsafe conditions or behaviors and uses equipment and materials properly. The individual models safe behaviors to others; leads by example. Works to instill a _zero incident and zero accident culture_ based on the principle that our work is never so urgent or important that we cannot take time to be safe, environmentally responsible, and to watch over one another. Supply Chain Management – Demonstrates a comprehensive understanding of Supply Chain Management from raw materials through item production, distribution, logistics and storage and handling. Teamwork - Focuses on solving conflict, maintains confidentiality, keeps emotions under control, tries new things, balances team and individual responsibilities, exhibits objectivity and openness to others' views, gives and welcomes feedback, contributes to building a positive team spirit, and puts success of team above own interests. Build strong teams by _respecting and caring_ about fellow employees and stakeholders. See the best in others. Catalog Integrity – Knowledge of enterprise catalog management principles. In-depth materials knowledge, with emphasis on process safety critical materials and associated QA specifications and requirements. Ability to read and interpret client material procurement specifications. Ability to assess areas of materials integrity risk and prioritize work to address high-risk areas first to ensure sound risk management practices. Ability to prioritize work within a large catalog and maintain steady, disciplined progress on catalog integrity enhancement and maintenance. Ability to establish and deploy guidelines, procedures and standards in building and editing new catalog content. Data entry and/or analysis – Demonstrated ability to proactively work with large amounts of data and maintain a high level of motivation and productivity. Software & Reporting \- The individual is highly experienced in advanced features of MS Word and Excel with working knowledge of the other software tools within the Microsoft Office Suite and has a demonstrated knowledge of computerized database applications. Job Location Houston, Texas, United States Position Type Full-Time/Regular