Company Overview: Epicor is one of the world’s leading software companies, with more than 20,000 customers in over 150 countries using our products to effectively and efficiently automate and streamline their essential business functions. With industry specific solutions for the manufacturing, distribution, retail and service industries, Epicor products allow our customers to focus on core, revenue generating activities. Epicor is privately owned by KKR & Co. and produces approximately $900M in annual revenue with around 4,000 employees. Role Summary / Purpose: Epicor's Industry Data Analytics product team seeks a new team member with a passion for translating data into advanced analytics content, and to then generate state of the art data visualizations and appealing customer experiences. Epicor’s industry analytics content and solutions are delivered over the cloud and are based on the broad scale aggregation of data across entire industry ecosystems – including automotive, electrical distribution, and home improvement. Essential Responsibilities: Participate in R&D; projects to deliver new products to our markets. You will be assigned to a cross functional team of industry experts, data warehouse engineers, data analysts, statisticians, and product managers. Ensure ongoing calibration and optimization of analytics engines/models and also web/analytics solutions to meet client’s service level objectives. Our solutions are delivered over the cloud. Contribute on a periodic basis to assist in professional services engagements with strategic customers. May require travel to client offices to present analytics concepts and solutions. Leverage an array of software tools to analyze large client and industry datasets. Creativity to go beyond current tools to investigate and deliver best solution to the problem. Qualifications / Requirements: Bachelor’s or graduate degree in statistics/computer science or related field plus a minimum of 2 years applied analytics experience Experience using SQL to analyze large datasets. Exposure to database modeling and data warehousing principles. Experience implementing data science routines in R and/or Python. Experience using data visualization and high volume BI tools such as Tableau and Microstrategy. Desired Skills / Experience: Advanced Degree in an applied mathematics subject such as Data Science, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Statistics or a related discipline. Academic or industry exposure to B2B or B2C pricing and revenue optimization. Academic or industry exposure to machine learning methods. FOLLOW US ON LINKEDIN - http://www.linkedin.com/company/epicor-software- corp Epicor Software Corporation is proud to be an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.