Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world with total assets of over $2.4 trillion (as ranked by SNL Financial, April 2016) and 140,000 colleagues in nearly 50 countries. In the U.S., we’re 13,000 strong, working together to positively impact every customer, organization, and community we serve. We achieve this by delivering on our values, putting people first, fostering long-term relationships built on honesty and mutual understanding, and inspiring the best in each other. This is all part of our inclusive, high-performing culture supported by Total Rewards that include our cash balance pension plan. Join a team that’s working to fulfill its vision to be the world’s most trusted financial group. Job Summary: Reporting to the Quality Assurance Manager, the Quality Assurance (QA) Analyst is responsible for independently and objectively reviewing and scoring interactions (telephone, cases and e-mail) between employees and Union Bank customers. The Analyst will review digitally recorded calls, e-mail correspondence, chat, etc. and provide evaluation reports summarizing employee performance and the overall customer experience. QA Analysts are also responsible for reporting trends (i.e., errors, system issues, and training opportunities) to Management when identified. This position does not manage employees directly. Major Responsibilities: Quality Assurance Call Monitoring - 70% Independently complete the required number of call observations each day/month to rate the quality of telephone, e-mail correspondence, chat, etc. Maintain detailed work logs to track personal performance and accomplishments. Support Management’s mission to coach, develop, motivate, and reward employees by through detailed feedback presented in a formal evaluation document. Effortlessly follow the QA Guidelines scoring scale while maintaining a diplomatic approach to an employee’s performance during an interaction. Communicate performance goals and standards through excellent written communication skills. Leadership & Teamwork - 20% Ensure service levels and quality control standards are met by recommending corrective action and training opportunities when necessary. Maintain the highest level of confidentiality regarding employee performance. Engage coworkers in topical discussions to determine proper courses of action regarding questionable situations during customer interactions. When called upon, must be able to facilitate and/or participate in calibration sessions and monthly team meetings. Clearly understand the Company's vision, values, and goals and be able to discuss them with Union Bank Agents, Supervisors, or Managers. Actively participate in and maintain team spirit and a positive work environment. Research & Analysis - 10% Responsible for collecting data used to report errors or trends. Synthesize information to make appropriate recommendations for improvement. Conduct special studies as needed to analyze inconsistencies or trends. Ensure the system screens the employees access are the most accurate and applicable to the current situation. Correlate monitoring results to key metrics, SLA, AHT, Agent experience, etc. Qualifications: Well-versed in Union Bank policy, procedures, compliance rules, and regulations. Strong customer service orientation. Excellent verbal and written communications skills. Ability to work as an active participant in a team environment. Work independently with some supervisory oversight. Experience with meeting monthly deadlines, goals and/or quotas. Organizational skills to accomplish a variety of concurrent tasks on a day-to- day basis. Sound decision making skills that demonstrate originality, flexibility, and resourcefulness. Ability to maintain confidentiality. Strong work ethic, energy, and drive. Working knowledge of Call Center specific technologies, including Verint and/or Ultra. Must be proficient in Microsoft software including Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Word, and Microsoft Explorer. Effective at collaboration and leveraging resources. Action oriented; Ability to adapt to change and implement quickly based on overall direction and needs of the department and company. Demonstrates the following core competencies: Deliver extraordinary customer experiences, drive for results, communicate effectively and professionally, balance risk with opportunity, and influence and inspire others. 4 year degree or the equivalent combination of education and work experience in Quality Assurance. Preferred. Thorough knowledge of the NICE monitoring tool Preferred. 1-2 years related call center experience customer service, sales and/or client management experience. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified.