Manager Pricing Analytics Requisition ID : ( 18006349 ) Primary Location : United States-Texas-Houston Job Function : Sales Job Posting Date : May 1, 2018, 2:59:06 PM Job Summary This position is a critical resource on the Pricing team. They are responsible for managing the analysis and reporting of pricing performance for products across all world areas. He/she provides highly complex and comprehensive analysis of data to validate pricing decisions/strategy. They provide pricing recommendations that support the management of cost inflation, cultivate price improvements, grow market share and that promote the strategies that support Emerson’s financial objectives. The Manager of Pricing Analytics directs the activities of a team of Pricing Analysts located globally. He/she works closely with Product Marketing, Finance, and World Area Sales Teams. Position Responsibilities Develop, communicate and monitor price recommendations for the Isolation Valves Business Unit. Provide disciplined and detailed analytics to support recommendations through a combination of data mining, data modeling, data analysis, price elasticity analysis, cost/benefit analysis and price/volume analysis to optimize price across customers and channels. Proactively identify price improvement opportunities and pricing risks using multiple sources of data analysis with little or no supervision. Develop and analyze product / market segmentation opportunities for expanded pricing strategies to drive sales, margin and market share. Evaluate marketplace and competitive data to optimally align pricing strategies within the marketplace and world areas. Build cross-functional relationships and influence individuals at higher levels within the organization to impact behaviors and outcomes. Develop clear and consistent reports and presentations to facilitate actionable discussions with key stakeholders as needed. Build, maintain and track key performance indicators (KPIs) of product / World Area pricing decisions for optimizing profitability. Collaborate across functions to design and/or implement tools to enhance analytic capabilities, improve processes, refine reports, and automate work. Direct and mentor data analyst in the generation and use of data to deliver appropriate recommendations to maximize profit for the company. Train and proactively communicate pricing policies to the World Area Isolation Teams. Bring innovative ideas including new and imaginative ways of working and challenging the status quo. Perform other duties as assigned. Position Qualifications BA/BS or equivalent work experience; degrees in Statistics, Computer Science, Finance, Economics, Engineering, Mathematics preferred. Minimum of 5 years of experience supervising employees 5-7 years of experience developing and analyzing pricing models using pricing analytics tools. Established ability to perform complicated analysis using multiple sources of data, as well as, conduct advanced analysis required to support various teams in their pricing decisions (e.g., structure the problem, collect data, identify issues and present results) with minimal direction. Proven success dealing with time-sensitive issues in a dynamic business environment, driving towards resolution with varying amounts and quality of information. Demonstrated understanding of price structure creation and analysis, cost buildups, market share, profit margins and return on investment. Excellent analytical, strategic, and problem-solving skills with ability to provide analytic answers to business problems. All the while, thinking outside of the box to come up with new and creative solutions. Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects to completion. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Proved track record working with team members and peers Ability to travel as required (up to 20%). Strong computer skills with an advanced knowledge of MS Office suite required (spreadsheets, database management, presentations, pivot tables, etc.) Experience with Vendavo and/or Tableau a plus. Work Authorization No calls or agencies please. Emerson will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States. This is not a position for which sponsorship will be provided. Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire. Equal Opportunity Employer Emerson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. We are committed to providing a workplace free of any discrimination or harassment. If you have a disability and are having difficulty accessing or using this website to apply for a position, you can request help by calling 1-314-553-2544 (V/TTY/TDD) or by sending an email to idisability.administrator@emerson.com. About Emerson Imagine being surrounded by intelligent, driven, and passionate innovators all working toward the same goal—to create groundbreaking solutions that leave our world in a better place than we found it. Emerson is a global technology and engineering company providing innovative solutions for customers in industrial, commercial, and residential markets. Our Emerson Automation Solutions business helps process, hybrid, and discrete manufacturers maximize production, protect personnel and the environment while optimizing their energy and operating costs. Our Emerson Commercial and Residential Solutions business helps ensure human comfort and health, protect food quality and safety, advance energy efficiency, and create sustainable infrastructure. A dynamic environment is what you’ll discover at Emerson, a Fortune 500 company with $14.5 billion in sales and 155 manufacturing locations worldwide. Together, we’re changing the world, and we have all the resources to help you achieve your professional goals. Whether you’re an established professional looking for a career change, an undergraduate student exploring options, or recently received your MBA degree, you’ll find a variety of opportunities at Emerson. Join our team and start your journey today.