Consumer & Community Banking (CCB) Compliance team plays a critical role in developing and maintaining a strong compliance culture by working closely with management, Legal, Risk and Audit functions to advise on regulatory compliance matters. CCB Compliance identifies, measures, manages and controls compliance- related risks while monitoring and testing the adequacy of CCB’s compliance control environment. This highly visible role will play a crucial role in enabling the transformation of CCB Home Loans Compliance Monitoring from a manual process based organization to one that will leverage Automation, Machine Learning, Natural language processing, voice analytics, text mining, etc., to assess conformance with regulatory requirements impacting the home lending business. Reporting to the Head of Compliance Monitoring, this individual will work closely with the Agile team of compliance professionals and data analysts, who utilize the firm’s system of record data resources to assess whether products and services offered by Chase’s Home Lending business and related processes are in compliance with both the letter and spirit of applicable laws and regulations. Responsibilities include: Identify potential automated data retrieval monitoring of key compliance risks/requirements. Work with data analysts on new and existing query logic to ensure current/accurate. Perform automated data retrieval monitoring reviews in accordance with established frequency. Timely escalate potential concerns in accordance with the CCB Issue Management Procedures. Effective communication with various groups, as required. BA/BS degree 3-5 years of mortgage banking, compliance or equivalent experience. Knowledge in compliance and audit theories and applications. Strong knowledge / background in Risk and Controls Strong skills with PowerPoint (being able to take the information and present for executive level) Strong Microsoft Excel, Visio and Word skills and good sense of using and navigating systems Excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Compile all relevant facts and data needed for effective resolution and present resolution to Manager independently. Strong ability to work independently and as a team member. Ability to efficiently manage concurrent assignments and quickly react to changing or competing priorities Ability to work with a strong sense of urgency and meet critical, deadlines Solid issues management and resolution skills Previous experience with management of sensitive, highly visible projects Strong Interpersonal Skills; motivate project team members and interact effectively with all levels Excellent verbal, written, and presentation skills with the ability to effectively interact with all levels of management