Position Description This position can work remotely anywhere in the United States. The preferred locations are the Stafford, TX or Indianapolis, IN office. What does a great Business Analyst, Advisory do? You will be responsible for all things related to USPS (United States Postal Service) delivery time. You will drive data analysis projects that improve efficiencies while ensuring clients and customers have a positive delivery experience. You will take on large amounts of data and utilize your data analysis expertise. As a Business Analyst, Advisory, you can look forward to: Confirming clients are compliant with United States Postal Service (USPS) requirements for postage discounts. Maintaining knowledge of USPS regulations for automated mail. Maintaining technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing publications; establishing personal networks; participating in technical societies. Contributing to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Determining changes in physical database by studying project requirements; identifying database characteristics, such as location, amount of space, and access method. Creating/supporting internal customer access systems to USPS address information. Analyzing current qualification processing to confirm processing correctly. Monitoring delivery trend reports to ensure USPS is processing efficiently. Escalating with USPS representatives as necessary. Analyzing PBPS/USPS Intelligent Mail Barcode (IMB) capture reports and through trend analysis determining if further investigation/resolution is required. Analyzing reports of data duplicates or other errors to provide ongoing quality monitoring to support a beneficial data store for the business. Supporting Intelligent Mail Barcode (IMB) deployment including Mailer ID (MID)/ Service Type ID (STID) registration and expertise, and adhering to Fiserv address block standards. Identifying, analyzing, and interpreting trends or patterns in complex data sets. You’re the kind of person who: Has a passion for working with large amounts of data and solving puzzles. You love looking at how data connects together. You are seeking an opportunity where you can identify and communicate process improvements. You want to expand your skill set by identifying new tools to be used and leveraging current tools. You can work through business challenges and bring solutions. Basic qualifications for consideration: Minimum 3 years of experience in data analysis working with large data sets Working knowledge of MS applications including Excel, Access and ETL Methodologies Preferred qualifications for consideration: Experience with SQL Server Bachelor’s degree is a plus Who we are: Output Solutions delivers turnkey business critical customer communications accurately, on time and with relevant information essential for customer satisfaction and retention. Fiserv supports financial services, healthcare, billing, retail, utilities, travel and entertainment and other companies. Customer communications and payment solutions include transactional document production and delivery, secure and non-secure card manufacturing and personalization, direct marketing services and digital channel delivery. As a trusted outsourcing partner, we help our clients streamline operations to contain costs, while building customer loyalty and generating incremental revenue. Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Vet. Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Vet. Visit http://www.careers.fiserv.com/eeo for more information.