Microsoft has been on the front lines of technology innovation for decades. We continue to challenge the status quo by introducing Workplace Analytics (WpA) and reimagining how organizations should consider their most valuable resource: time. Workplace Analytics is a revolutionary way to answer age-old questions of C-Suite executives: How do my various departments and teams spend their time, both internally and externally? What work is worth doing and where does waste exist? How can we drive a culture of both productivity and engagement? To answer these questions, Workplace Analytics leverages O365 metadata and combines machine learning with behavioral data science to provide visibility into an unlimited set of collaboration metrics. These metrics help pinpoint the specific collaboration behaviors that drive successful sales results, high employee engagement scores or any other desired business outcomes. As the solution has become widely available and demand grows, so does our specialized Workplace Analytics team within Microsoft. In support of this growth, we are looking for ambitious, talented, laser-focused people to join us as we directly impact the future of work. Read more about Workplace Analytics here: https://products.office.com/en- us/business/workplace-analytics The Set-Up Our mission is to show the world how behavioral data can solve complex organizational problems, and then use lessons learned from those customer interactions to further develop the Workplace Analytics solution. Think of our function as a blend of data analysis, strategy consulting and product incubation. Our team is aggressively moving the solution into the marketplace and will carry our momentum to win more Fortune 500 companies in the coming year. The Team We are a group of fast thinkers who work collaboratively with a high degree of respect for each other. We are proactive problem-solvers, obsessed with the content of Workplace Analytics, and care deeply for the success of our customers. We are structured thinkers who value quality and appreciate creativity grounded with common sense. We work hard and we like to have fun as well. Responsibilities The Role You will play an essential part in the Workplace Analytics delivery process by guiding our customers throughout their journey with WpA. This includes maintaining relationships at our customers, strategically aligning business needs and objectives of the customer to the capabilities and value of the data, and leading the customer through product on-boarding and training to accelerate their ability to get value from Workplace Analytics. We are looking for highly analytical people with senior customer-facing and business analysis experience who are passionate about driving customer success and adoption of our product. Does this sound like you? Job Summary Drive successful adoption and usage of the WpA tool by enabling customers through an on-boarding, learning and adoption journey. Analyze behavioral datasets to discover and deliver compelling insights as part of customer consulting engagements. Specifically: Manage a small portfolio of strategic client accounts Translate customer challenges into innovative, data-driven consulting programs Analyze data and turn your findings into compelling stories that your clients incorporate into critical business decisions Participate in pre-sales motions by leading workshops and conversations to drive engagement with potential customers Collaborate closely with product and engineering teams to link learnings to product development Identify opportunities to create compelling use cases / playbooks to provide for future customers Qualifications Basic Qualifications: 5+ years of relevant experience with demonstrated success and growth Preferred Qualifications: 7+ years in business strategy or consulting roles if you don’t have experience at top-tier management consulting firm Nice to have: Experience in Workforce, Talent or Change Management _Analytical Rigor:_ Expertise in Excel and data analysis Strong Familiarity with other statistical / data visualization tools such as Power BI, Tableau, SAS, R Preferred: Engineering, Statistics, Business, Economics or other mathematical degree _Business Acumen:_ Excitement for, and proven track record, using data to address business challenges and initiatives Demonstrable ability to translate insights into compelling, high-quality customer-facing stories and deliverables Preferred: Work experience across several different industries and functional areas _Customer Facing Ability:_ Experience interfacing directly with external client management (VP level, etc.) Ability to maintain customer and account relationships, and to position yourself as a subject matter expert High emotional IQ, and “reading the room” ability Great in-meeting presence and communication skills Nice to have: business development or sales experience Ability to manage multiple projects at one time, and be self-sufficient in managing tasks Attention to detail, highly organized, with an absolute focus on quality of work Team player, adaptive, self-driven, can work with ambiguity Available to travel 20%-40% of the time Work location – Redmond or San Francisco _Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings:_ _Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter._ _Microsoft will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of San Francisco’s Fair Chance Ordinance._ _Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the_ Accommodation request form . _Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work._ workplaceanalytics