About Opendoor At Opendoor, we’re on a mission to make it simple to buy and sell homes. The traditional process is broken, with an average home taking over 90 days to sell and costing thousands of dollars. We make buying and selling a home stress-free and instant. We’ve built an exceptional team, have raised over $600 million from top-notch investors and are growing fast, buying and selling more than $100 million of homes per month. We're seeking an Engineering Manager who will lead, manage and inspire engineering teams to build the future of the real-estate industry. You will work closely with your team, product managers, designers and other engineering teams to bring our products to life. We are looking for an Engineering Manager who can grow and scale our Data & Analytics platform that powers our automated pricing and improves transparency into market performance. You will mentor and lead teams of Engineers to develop complex data pipelines and, build intuitive user experiences while getting first hand experience scaling a complex business and growing an organization. At Opendoor, teams have clear mandates, autonomy and resources to achieve their goals. We subscribe to the Agile Manifesto: as an Engineering Manager you will play an important role in uncovering better ways of developing software by doing it and helping others do it. We are looking for teammates who have: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field, or equivalent training, fellowship, or work experience 7+ years of relevant engineering work experience, with 2+ as hands-on technical manager Passion for managing outstanding engineers in a fast-paced environment Exceptional coding abilities and experience with architectural patterns of large applications Proven track record of leading productive engineering teams and shipping Experience actively coaching and mentoring team members in their careers Proven track record in partnering with recruiting to build incredible engineering teams Active involvement in setting product strategy Experience independently starting self-sustaining teams Instituted consistent cultural choices that positively impact all of engineering A high level of organization and the the ability to prioritize tasks and keep projects on schedule Deep understanding of data processing technologies such as Spark and Hadoop Familiarity with ETL scheduling technologies such as Airflow or Luigi and/or experience building robust production grade data pipelines Exceptional written and verbal communication skills Want to learn more about the work we are doing ? Check out our blog: https://medium.com/opendoor-labs Opendoor values Openness Our team celebrates our diverse backgrounds. We believe that being open about who we are and what we do allows us to be better. Individuals seeking employment at Opendoor are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or other protected status under all applicable laws, regulations, and ordinances.