Job Summary: This role supports Marketing, Digital, Finance and Americas Zone trainings within our Corporate Learning team. This person will oversee logistics for all programs including deep dive trainings in cosmetics, hair color and skincare among others. They will also support partnerships with digital power players and other exciting, companywide initiatives. This role has high visibility to the L’Oréal business and strategic priorities across brand and great exposure to partners in marketing, digital and finance. The person in this role will gain valuable experience with a best-in-class training and employee development department, with an emphasis on our organization’s current digital transformation. This is a great role for someone who is interested in pursuing a career in Marketing, Digital, Public Relation, or Learning. Key Job Accountabilities: Program support: Liaise with vendors and venues on all logistics Coordinate program catering and networking events Coordinate, prepare and ship materials for programs Compose and send out post-program feedback forms (Formetris) Maintain all courses and sessions in HR systems (PRISM & Unity) Set-up and breakdown of program venues (participant packets, supplies, products, decor, A/V & IT, manage catering, etc) Create and develop program booklets ensuring that content is relevant and aesthetics are consistent with team branding Gather and maintain products and supplies inventory Make recommendations to constantly improve program quality and customer service to trainees Team Coordination: Provide support during internal meetings and international colleague visits Maintain shared drive files, including team calendar Maintain list of all recipients of year-end thank you gifts (presenters, stakeholders) and assist in gift distribution Plan quarterly team inspiration walks/offsites Constantly audit the way we work and make recommendations for improved efficiencies (cost cutting, time saving, etc) Special projects as assigned to build portfolio of experience Job Requirements: Candidates must have received a Bachelor’s degree within the last 12 months OR must have graduated with a Master’s degree within the last 12 months with no gap more than 5 months in education history Possess a 3.0 GPA or higher Prior internship or office experience preferred Excellent organizational skills, keen eye for attention to detail and proven ability to independently handle multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment. Must be able to problem solve and adapt quickly to changing circumstances. Strong verbal communication, writing and interpersonal skills along with the ability to form strong cross-functional relationships Must have a team player mindset, actively take initiative and have a strong work ethic Be self-motivated and curious and sense of confidentiality Have a “customer service” orientation with ability to escalate issues when appropriate Computer proficiency including Microsoft Office Suite of products including Microsoft Office – Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Microsoft Outlook for email, calendar, contacts, scheduling and task management required Have demonstrated use of analytical skills – both using tools (ex. Excel, Business Objects, etc.) and problem solving/critical thinking skills This summary describes the general nature of work to be performed and is not an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of an incumbent in this position. This position is NON-EXEMPT under FLSA, and is eligible for straight time up to 40 hours and overtime paid in accordance with FLSA regulations after working 40 hours in a weekly period. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status. If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com. Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.