Req ID: 11862 Summary Our Berkeley, California Office is currently looking for a junior level architectural designer to join the team. This office is comprised of a team of architects, structural and civil engineers, and the team works on a variety of projects, including governmental work, transportation, and rental car facilities. This individual will work with the team as well as individually on projects and must be self-motivated to complete projects in a timely manner. This position may be located in our Berkeley or Santa Ana office locations. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor degree in Architecture from four-year accredited college or university Minimum of 5 years work experience in an architectural/engineering organization (including 3 years or more experience with Revit, AutoCAD and Excel) Local Candidates preferred. Preferred Qualifications: Registered Professional Architect in the state of California LEED certified (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design Accredited Professional) Working knowledge of: Photoshop, Illustrator, PowerPoint, Bluebeam, 3ds Max, is a plus. General Duties & Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Prepares architectural plans and renderings, including proposals, schematic design documents, and construction documents, with minimal guidance and supervision. Recommends efficiencies in drafting procedures. Assists others in programming, building cost analysis, specifications and materials, code research, construction administration and project management. Performs elementary design computations, makes quantity takeoffs, and may inspect architectural features of structures in the field. Occasionally represents the organization in meetings to resolve important questions, plan and coordinate work between disciplines. Assist or participate in preparation of business proposals. Encouraged to try to solve problems using judgment, and education, but is expected to ask for assistance when needed. Keeps Senior Architect and Project Manager informed of workload and any changes in project schedule or scope or additional services. Maintains company reputation by complying with federal and state regulations. Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Core Competencies Analytical - Synthesizes complex or diverse information; Collects and researches data; Designs work flows and procedures. Problem Solving – Takes initiative to identify and resolve problems in a timely manner; Gathers and analyzes information skillfully. Team Work - Balances team and individual responsibilities. Quality Management - Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness; Applies feedback to improve performance. Dependability - Follows instructions, responds to management direction; Keeps commitments. Travel Requirements Position may require some travel to client sites for meetings and site visits using various modes of transportation including automobile and airline. Travel requirements: Up to 10% TranSystems Corporation - Transportation Infrastructure and Facilities - that's our focus. From infrastructure and facility design to computer simulation and economic impact analysis to finding alternative financing solutions for transportation projects - we do it. Our transportation specialists, located in offices across the nation, are unparalleled in the knowledge of the movement of freight and people, and unmatched in technical and managerial services. We provide full-scale professional services to both public and private sector transportation clients. Plans, designs and directs components of freight railroad; passenger rail and transit; states and municipalities; airports and air carriers; manufacturers and distributors; ports and maritime; trucking and automotive; energy and communication; and federal government projects. TranSystems is an equal opportunity / affirmative action employer and ensures nondiscrimination and equal employment opportunity in all programs and activities in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, pregnancy status, marital status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship status, disability, protected Veteran status or any other status protected by law. In compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, we will hire only U.S. citizens and aliens lawfully authorized to work in the United States (if the position is or will be one which is subject to U.S. law).