Some of the Duties of this position are but not limited to: Organizational responsibility for four separate computer packages. Stay abreast of the rapid changes occurring in scheduling packages, ensure seamless implementation of updates. Must be capable mining and analyzing QA data from multiple sources. Require developing detailed plans, goals, and objectives for long-range implementation and administration of the training program. Make decisions about how to proceed in planning, organizing and conducting improvement projects. Serves as an integral member of the medical center Access Team. Serves as the medical centers subject matter expert on technical procedures related to scheduling. Provides guidance and clarification to clinical and administrative personnel regarding scheduling policies procedures. Actively participates on medical center and VISN work groups. Responsible for the development of standardized training programs for scheduling and clinic support functions across the medical center. Creates and maintains facility database for electronic tracking of scheduler training requirements and compliance. Work Schedule: Monday - Friday 8:00am-4:30pm Compressed/Flexible: No Telework: No Virtual: This is not a virtual position. Position Description/PD: Relocation/Recruitment Incentives: No Financial Disclosure Report: Not required To qualify for this position, applicants must meet all requirements by the closing date of this announcement, 08/14/2018. Time-In-Grade Requirement : Applicants who are current Federal employees and have held a GS grade any time in the past 52 weeks must also meet time-in- grade requirements by the closing date of this announcement. For a GS-11 position you must have served 52 weeks at the GS-09. The grade may have been in any occupation, but must have been held in the Federal service. An SF-50 that shows your time-in-grade eligibility must be submitted with your application materials. Note: Time-In-Grade requirements also apply to former Federal employees applying for reinstatement as well as current employees applying for Veterans Employment Opportunities Act of 1998 (VEOA) appointment. You may qualify based on your experience and/or education as described below: Specialized Experience: You must have one year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the next lower grade GS-09 in the normal line of progression for the occupation in the organization. Examples of specialized experience would typically include, but are not limited to: developing corrective actions, Data mining, implement training for schedulers, prepares comprehensive reports, develops training material, providing oversight and development of customer service training for schedulers, and organizes work, manages priorities and delegates tasks and responsibilities to meet deadlines. OR, Education: Applicants may substitute education for the required experience. To qualify based on education for this grade level you must have 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or L.L.M, if related OR, Combination: Applicants may also combine education and experience to qualify at this level. You must have an combination of specialized experience and education beyond graduate education. You will be rated on the following Competencies for this position: Decision Making Education and Training Information Management Teaches Others Technical Competence Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religions; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Note : _A full year of work is considered to be 35-40 hours of work per week. Part-time experience will be credited on the basis of time actually spent in appropriate activities. Applicants wishing to receive credit for such experience must indicate clearly the nature of their duties and responsibilities in each position and the number of hours a week spent in such employment._ Physical Requirements: The work is primary sedentary. typically, the employee sits comfortably to do the work. However, there may be some walking, standing, bending, carrying of light items such as papers, books or other office supplies. No special physical demands are required to perform the work. None To apply for this position, you must provide a complete Application Package which includes: Resume SF-50 The following documents are accepted, and may be required if applicable to your eligibility and/or qualifications for this position. Please use this checklist to make sure you have included other documents required for your application, such as a copy of your transcript (if using education to qualify), SF-50's (current/former Federal employees), documentation to support Veterans Preference claims, or ICTAP/CTAP documentation (for displaced Federal employees). You will not be contacted for additional information. Cover Letter DD-214 Veterans documentation to support Veteran's preference Resume SF-15 SF-50 Transcript Veterans' Preference: When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible Veterans should claim preference for 5pt (TP), 10pt (CP/CPS/XP), or for Sole Survivor Preference (SSP) in the questionnaire. You must provide a legible copy of your DD214(s) which shows dates and character of service (honorable, general, etc.). If you are currently serving on active duty and expect to be released or discharged within 120 days you must submit documentation related to your active duty service which reflects the dates of service, character of service (honorable, general, etc.), and dates of impending separation. Additionally, disabled veterans and others eligible for 10-point preference (such as widows or mothers of eligible Veterans) must also submit an SF-15 "Application for 10 Point Veteran Preference" with required proof as stated on the form. Documentation is required to award preference. For more information on Veterans' Preference, please visit http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx.