We are seeking experts with a passion for innovative technology to represent our brand as Dyson Experts. As a Dyson Expert you will specialize in delivering exciting and compelling demonstrations. Experts will be responsible for sharing product knowledge confidently for the range of Dyson products including Environmental Care, Floor Care, and Personal Care. Experts are responsible for delivering demonstrations, building relationships with our customers and assisting in the sale of Dyson products to achieve specified goals. Demonstrations are conducted in a variety of retailer locations and events across the United States. This position is part time and requires work shifts on Saturdays, Sundays and some weekday holidays or as business dictates. Market Overview Dyson landed in the US in 2002 and within 24 months our technology was market share leader. Our bustling HQ is based in the historic Montgomery Ward Building, overlooking the Chicago River. A few hours down the road in Aurora, our dedicated US Customer Care team now numbers 250 people. And in total, there are over 600 Dyson people working across the US in multiple functions. But Dyson US is still growing. It’s poised to double its footprint and take on new categories. Already a target for our competitors, challenging times are ahead. And our battle-hungry US team are truly fired up. Function Overview Our Retail Sales teams epitomise the entrepreneurial spirit that has defined Dyson since day one: ambitious, commercially savvy, and strategically agile. We work with some of the world’s biggest retailers, implementing the most profitable long term business plans and driving innovative ways to put our technology into more hands. It requires managing multiple networks of Dyson people. And overseeing many different retail areas – from instore fixtures to online activation. It takes ownership, courage and tough negotiations. Being constantly driven to see clearer solutions and drive better sales. Accountabilities MAIN ACCOUNTABILITIES AND SUPPORTING ACTIVITIES: Elevate Dyson brand awareness and sales of Dyson products through in store and event demonstrations Desire to provide excellent service Conduct planned demonstrations in assigned retail stores to achieve specified sales goals Capture consumers’ attention to participate in high energy, captivating in-store demonstrations and model all aspects of Dyson’s brand, culture, and passion for technology Be a credible product and brand expert by educating consumers on the benefits and features of Dyson products and actively listening to consumers to confidently recommend appropriate Dyson products and comfortably over objections Maintain responsibility for all demonstration and other POP material; ensure marketing collateral is properly displayed Driven and self-motivated Assist with training of new Experts as needed Demonstrate confidence and competence while demonstrating Dyson products Communicate clearly, accurately, and in a timely manner with customers, accounts, peers, and District Expert Manager Actively monitor Dyson's online reporting system to contribute quality feedback and report/confirm attendance Capture accurate demonstration data and communicate opportunities to District Expert Manager per established guidelines Build and maintain strong relationships with store personel Enjoy meeting and interacting with people and demonstrate an enthusiastic and positive attitude Develop sales and relationships with retailers assigned in specific territory Achieve a high level of performance to the sales goal of assigned territory Deliver exemplary support and drives sales Support Brand Focus Days, events and linear/fixture maintenance Other Requirements Ability to lift, push, pull up to 30 lbs., potentially overhead Ability to stand on your feet for up to eight hours at a time Ability to provide own transportation to various store locations High aptitude with electronics and technology Access to a private computer with the following software: Must have computer with Windows 7 or above or Apply Machine with software 10.9x or above. Must have Internet Explorer 7.x or above, Firefox 3.x or above, or Safari (Mac) Cell Phone with smart phone capabilities Apple: Minimum iOS 8.0 (iPhone 4S / iPad mini 1 / iPad2) Recommended iOS 10 (iPhone 5 / iPad mini 2 / iPad 4th gen) Android Minimum software 4.0.3/4.0.4 Ice Cream Sandwich (released 2011) Recommended software 6.0 Marshmallow / 7.0 Nougat Skills INDIVIDUAL QUALIFICATIONS Experience and Education Skills Dyson Behaviors HS Diploma or GED required Bachelor Degree a plus 1 year experience in a public interfacing role required Ability to work weekends, some weekday holidays and as business dictates, including up to an hour a week for administrative work Must have a professional demeanor Ability to understand the Dyson brand and uphold its integrity at all times Strong communication and presentation skills essential Charismatic and outgoing personality Good understanding of retail business operations; local market knowledge is a plus Must have intermediate computer skills and proficiency in Microsoft Office Must be self-motivated and be able to work well independently Must be available to attend and actively participate in team meetings conference calls Must have a valid drivers license with good driving record; reliable transportation, and ability to travel within designated region Leading Self: Attuned – Being emotionally smart Fighter – Getting the best result Architect – Creating the climate for success Benefits Overview Dyson US monitors the market to make sure we offer competitive salaries and retirement plans. But financial rewards are just the start of a successful career at Dyson. Professional growth and new opportunities are driven by regular reviews and dynamic workshops. And with a vibrant culture, the latest devices and a dress code reflecting our creative engineering spirit, it’s an exciting team environment geared to fuelling and realising ambition. Dyson is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with Dyson and need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process, please send an e-mail with your contact information, the job number of the position for which you are interested in applying, and the nature of your request to careers.us@dyson.com or call (312) 706-2260(312) 706-2260. Determinations of requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by- case basis. Dyson is an Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, and Individuals with Disabilities