Supports the IPTS Legal Practice Area within the Technology/Life Sciences Business Unit by docketing, filing and handling various IP prosecution matters. This position works closely with attorneys, paralegals and secretaries to deliver cost effective, efficient work product for our clients. Principal Responsibilities: The job titles for the IP Administrative staff are intentionally broad. An IP Administrator can be called upon to perform some, but not necessarily all, tasks within each function listed below. Contemplated Duties: Reviews all incoming mail related to trademark or patent matters. Analyzes and calculates applicable deadlines and response dates. Enters deadlines and summary of same in respective CPI database. Forwards docketed matters to applicable attorney for appropriate response. Generates monthly, weekly and special docket or client reports for attorneys. Reviews daily/weekly docket for time sensitive response (final deadlines) and generates daily/weekly alerts. Ensures that docketing databases function at acceptable performance levels. Participates in trouble-shooting, data conversions and all aspects of system functions. Coordinates with IP Manager to ensure database functions meet the needs of the IPTS Legal Practice Area. Assists IP Manager with outtake of patent and trademark portfolios for clients transferring to other counsel, including CPI data transfers or reports, and coordination with Records. Assists IP Manager with intake of patent and trademark portfolios for new clients, including CPI data transfers, coordination of data entry, file intake, and monitoring of POAs and FA notifications. Assists with Docket Checks of patent files as determined by IPTS Best Practices group or local office partners. Prepares cost estimates for international patent and trademark filings using licensed software. Overall responsibility for the coordination of annuity fee payments. This will involve working directly with attorneys, clients and foreign associates. Assists other members of the Docketing staff as needed. Reviews outgoing filings for accuracy and completeness. Participates in IPTS groups or task forces, i.e. E-files initiative, IPTS Best Practices, etc. as directed by the IP Manager. Assumes additional responsibilities as requested by IP Manager. Job Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent. A minimum of 3 years of experience in an IP docketing environment. Excellent interpersonal, organizational and communication skills and ability to communicate clearly, both written and verbal. Strong attention-to-detail and ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously. Sound judgment and ability to respect, protect and maintain highly confidential and sensitive information. Must work well in team environment and maintain a positive team atmosphere. Ability to use standard office software (MS Excel, Word, Outlook, Internet Search Engines, etc.) required. Strong experience with docketing software (CPI). Goodwin Procter LLP is an equal opportunity employer. This means that Goodwin Procter LLP considers applicants for employment, and makes employment decisions without unlawful regard to sex, race, color, religion, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, age, marital or domestic partner/civil union status, military service, or veteran status, physical and mental disability, and any other characteristic covered by applicable federal, state or local nondiscrimination laws. Please note: Various agencies of the United States government require employers to collect information on applicants and employees. The National Association of Law Placement (NALP) and certain clients request us to keep track of certain aggregate information regarding lawyers. EEO information requested on this application is for purposes of compliance with these recordkeeping and reporting requirements and to determine recruiting and employment patterns. Submission of this information is voluntary and refusal to provide it will not subject you to any adverse treatment.