Duties Summary Why Is It Great To Work For The USGS? Embark on an exciting future! From the peaks of the highest mountains to the depths of the deepest seas, the U.S. Geological Survey has career opportunities that make a difference in both the lives of others and in the environment. Would you like to join the more than 10,000 scientists, technicians, and support staff of the USGS who are working in more than 400 locations throughout the United States? Apply today! As the Nation's largest water, earth, and biological science and civilian mapping agency, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) collects, monitors, analyzes, and provides scientific understanding about natural resource conditions, issues, and problems. The diversity of our scientific expertise enables us to carry out large-scale, multi-disciplinary investigations and provide impartial, timely, and relevant scientific information to resource managers, planners, and other customers related to: the health of our ecosystems and environment; natural hazards that threaten us; natural resources we rely on, and; the impact of climate and land-use changes. For more information about the USGS please visit http://www.usgs.gov. What General Information Do I Need To Know About This Position? This position is with the U.S. Geological Survey, Cooperative Fish and Wildlife Research Program. This Program was established to facilitate cooperation between the department of the Interior, universities, State natural resource agencies, and private organizations and to conduct programs of research and education related to fish and wildlife resource management. The selectee for this position will serve as the Assistant Unit Leader for the Washington Cooperative Fish and Wildlife Research Unit and by appointment, this position is a member of the graduate faculty of the host institution, serving without compensation from the University. GS-12 Salary: $79,570 (Step 01) to $103,441 (Step 10); GS-13 Salary: $94,618 (Step 01) to $123,004 (Step 10); NOTE: First time hires to the Federal Government are typically hired at the Step 01. This is an interdisciplinary position and is being advertised concurrently with the following announcements: RES-2018-0282. Responsibilities As a Research Ecologist or Research Fish Biologist within the Cooperative Fish and Wildlife Research Program, some of your specific duties will include: Plans, conducts, and directs research related to fisheries (anadromous), or ecological resources with applications to contemporary science, policy and management needs. Conducts research that is cooperator driven and provides scientific basis for management and policy decisions. Serves as subject matter expert in anadromous fish biology and ecology, providing leadership and guidance to government and private agencies and university representatives through participation in meetings, conferences and work groups. Disseminates research results via final reports, peer-reviewed print scientific journals, online scientific journals, books, book chapters or other outlets. Make presentations on findings to scientific and conservation organizations. Serves as graduate faculty member, contributing to both the research, graduate student mentorship, and teaching mission of the university. Operates government owned vehicle as an incidental driver. Travel Required Occasional travel - An average of 5 nights of travel per month may be required for this position. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 15 Who May Apply This job is open to… U.S. Citizens Questions? This job is open to 1 group. Job family (Series) 0408 Ecology 0482 Fish Biology Requirements Requirements Conditions of Employment Applicants must be U.S. Citizens. Suitable for Federal employment, as determined by background investigation. Selectee may be subject to serving a one-year probationary period. Selectee must provide a valid state driver's license & safe driving record. Selectee may be subject to complete financial disclosure. More requirements are listed under Qualifications and Other Information. Are There Any Special Requirements For This Position? Because this position requires travel for official business, the selectee will be required to apply for a charge card within 30 calendar days of appointment. Individuals who have delinquent account balances from a previous Government charge card will be required to satisfy their existing obligation before a new card can be issued. A background investigation will be required for this position. Continued employment will be subject to the applicant's successful completion of a background security investigation and favorable adjudication. Failure to successfully meet these requirements will be grounds for termination. Throughout the recruitment and hiring process we will be communicating with you via email; therefore, it is imperative that the email address you provide when applying for this vacancy remains active. Should your email address change, please notify the point of contact identified in the vacancy announcement as soon as possible so that we can update our system If selected for this position, you may be required to file one or more financial statements upon reporting and annually, some of which may be subject to public disclosure. You will be required to operate a government-owned or leased vehicle in the performance of your official duties. Applicants for this position must meet the following requirements: (1) possession of a valid State driver's license, and (2) possess a safe driving record. Qualifications Basic Education Requirement - Research Ecologist, GS-0408: _Research Positions:_ Applicants must show that they have a degree in biology or a related field of science underlying ecological research that included at least 30 semester hours in basic and applied biological sciences. This course work must have included: At least 9 semester hours in ecology At least 12 semester hours in physical and mathematical sciences. Basic Education Requirement - Research Fish Biologist, GS-0482: _Research Positions:_ Applicants must show that they have a degree with major study in biology, zoology, or biological oceanography that included at least 30 semester hours in biological and aquatic science and 15 semester hours in the physical and mathematical sciences. This course work must have included: At least 15 semester hours of preparatory training in zoology beyond introductory biology or zoology in such courses as invertebrate zoology, comparative anatomy, histology, physiology, embryology, advanced vertebrate zoology, genetics, entomology, and parasitology; and At least 6 semester hours of training applicable to fishery biology in such subjects as fishery biology, ichthyology, limnology, oceanography, algology, planktonology, marine or fresh water ecology, invertebrate ecology, principles of fishery population dynamics, or related course work in the field of fishery biology; and At least 15 semester hours of training in any combination of two or more of the following: chemistry, physics, mathematics, or statistics. PhD Requirement: In addition to meeting the basic education requirements described above, in order to receive consideration for this position, you must also possess a PhD or equivalent doctoral degree in a directly related field of study appropriate for this position. Other Desired Skills: It’s desired that applications have education/experience in the following areas: Ability to build a successful research program focused on the ecology, management, and conservation of fishes, particularly anadromous species. Ability to research excellence in broad-scale, systems-based approaches that recognize both natural processes and human impacts on the ecology of fishes. Expertise with field-based research, computer modeling, and application of quantitative analyses Experience working closely with natural resource organizations, government agencies, tribes, and other stakeholders to design and conduct applied research that is readily translated to management decision making. Ability to teach graduate-level university courses related to freshwater, estuarine, or fish ecology or biology, or quantitative or other research methods. Specialized Experience Requirement: In addition to the basic education and PhD requirements described above, applicants must also have 1-year of specialized experience as defined below: For GS-12: You must have at least 1-year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 level in the Federal service. Examples may include: As part of a team, serves as a researcher conceiving, formulating and conducting research relevant to research in ecology, fisheries, or wildlife management. Works closely with supervisor on natural resource management state and Federal agencies, universities, non-governmental organization, and private industry. Contributes to reports, publications, scientific journal articles. Attends scientific meetings to present research results and exchange information within the scientific community. For GS-13: You must have at least 1-year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12 level in the Federal service. Examples may include: Serving as an independent researcher conceiving, formulating and conducting research relevant to diverse research in ecology, fisheries, or wildlife management; working closely with natural resource management state and Federal agencies, universities, non-governmental organization, and private industry; authorizing reports, publications, scientific journal articles, and/or other products of considerable importance to the research situation; attending scientific and interagency meetings to present research results and exchange information within the scientific community; reviewing manuscripts and proposals of other scientists; and working directly and responsibly with scientists of other federal and state agencies and universities on technical issues related to the research assignment. Education Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g. Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Education completed in colleges or universities outside the United States may be used to meet the above requirements. You must provide acceptable documentation that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. For more information on how foreign education is evaluated, visit: http://www.usgs.gov/ohr/oars/quals/foreign.html . Additional information Applicants who include vulgar, offensive, or inappropriate language or information in their application package will be ineligible for further consideration for this position. The full performance level for a Research position is GS-15; however, promotion eligibility is dependent upon the scientific contributions of the incumbent as evaluated by a peer panel. Under Executive Order 11935, only United States citizens and nationals (residents of American Samoa and Swains Island) may compete for civil service jobs. Agencies are permitted to hire non-citizens only in very limited circumstances where there are no qualified citizens available for the position. USGS employees are subject to Title 43, USC Section 31(a) and may not: (a) have any personal, private, direct or indirect interest in lands or mineral wealth of lands under survey; (b) have any substantial personal, private, direct or indirect interests in any private mining or mineral enterprise doing business with the United States; or (c) execute surveys or examinations for private parties or corporations. The application contains information subject to the Privacy Act (P.L. 93-579, 5 USC 552a). The information is used to determine qualifications for employment, and is authorized under Title 5, USC, Section 3302 and 3361. DOI uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify . THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER. How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. Vacancy Related Questions : You will be rated on the extent and quality of your experience, education, and training relevant to the duties of the position. If you are eligible, you will receive a numerical rating based on your on-line responses to the application questions. These responses must by substantiated by your resume. Scientific Knowledge Program/Project Management Written Communication Interpersonal Communication Basis or rating: Category rating will be used in the ranking and selection process for this position. The quality categories and Best Qualified, Well Qualified, and Qualified. You will be rated on the extent are quality of your experience, education, and training relevant to the duties of the position. If you are eligible, your on-line responses to the application questions will determine your placement in the appropriate quality category described above. Your responses must be substantiated by your resume. If you do not respond to the application questions you may be rated ineligible. Veterans’ preference rules for category rating will be applied. NOTE: If it is determined that you have rated yourself higher than is supported in your description of experience and/or education as described in your resume/application, or that your resume or application is incomplete, you may be rated ineligible, not qualified, or your score may be lowered. To preview questions please click here . Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Not Applicable Required Documents Required Documents -If this position requires specific educational course work to qualify, or you are qualifying based in whole or part on education, you are required to provide all unofficial transcripts (undergraduate, graduate, etc.) or list of course work, which includes semester hours earned and grade received, by the closing date of this announcement or you will be disqualified from further consideration. This proof may be faxed, document uploaded, or hand delivered to the servicing Human Resources Office (see "Required Documents" and/or "Contact Information"). Please ensure that all documentation is legible. -If you are claiming veterans' preference you must provide a legible copy of your DD-214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty, member 4 copy or any official documentation or statement from the Armed Forces that confirms your dates of service and that your separation, discharge, or release from active duty was under honorable conditions (i.e., Honorable or General Discharge). Note: If you have more than one DD-214 for multiple periods of active duty, submit a copy for each period of service. -If you are currently on active military duty, you must provide documentation (e.g., campaign document, award citation, etc.), that verifies entitlement to veterans’ preference and that your character of military service is honorable. -If you are claiming 10-point veterans' preference, in addition to the documents specified above, you must also submit documentation that supports your claim, e.g., an official statement from the Department of Veterans Affairs (dated 1991 or later) or from a branch of the Armed Forces certifying the existence of a service-connected disability, or the award of the Purple Heart, etc. The overall rating must be identified on your certification letter or separation orders. -Documentation must be received by the closing date shown in this vacancy announcement. If you fail to submit any of the required documentation, you will not be granted veterans’ preference. Additional information on veterans' preference can be found in the VetGuide . -If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, the Servicing Human Resources Office must receive proof by the closing date of this announcement that you meet the requirements of 5 CFR 330 Subpart F for CTAP and 5 CFR 330 Subpart G for ICTAP or you will not receive priority consideration. This includes a copy of the agency notice, your most recent Performance Rating, and your most recent SF-50 noting current position, grade level, and duty location. Required documents may be faxed, uploaded, or hand delivered to the servicing Human Resources Office (see "Contact Information"). If you are a CTAP or ICTAP eligible, you will be considered well qualified if you earn a minimum score of 85 (prior to the assignment of veteran's preference points). For more information on CTAP/ICTAP please click here . -Required documents may be: 1) faxed to the Agency Contact (see "Contact Information") 2) uploaded directly from your desktop 3) uploaded directly from your USAJOBS stored attachments 4) hand delivered to the servicing Human Resources Office (see 'Contact Information'). \- Auto-Requested Fax : allows you to submit required documentation that will be electronically displayed along with your resume. If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education . Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating. Benefits Benefits A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits . USGS has determined that the duties of this position are suitable for telework and the selectee may be allowed to telework with supervisor approval. The official worksite for the selectee is the duty station identified in this vacancy announcement. The selectee will typically report to this duty location on a regular and recurring weekly basis. For additional information on our internal telework policy, please reference the Department of the Interior Telework Handbook at: http://www.usgs.gov/humancapital/pb/telework.html . Working for the U.S. Geological Survey offers a comprehensive benefits package that includes paid vacation, sick leave , and holidays ; health, life, dental, vision, and long term care insurance, flexible spending accounts , and participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System . Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.