Position Type: Secretarial/Clerical/Secretary Date Posted: 8/8/2018 Location: Brooklyn Middle School Closing Date: Until Filled Description: To inspire and prepare all students with the confidence, courage and competence to achieve their dreams; contribute to community; and engage in a lifetime of learning by providing specialized clerical and technical duties related to the assignment or placement, as well as related responsibilities requiring creative solutions to specialized site/department needs. Answer correspondence and assemble highly confidential and sensitive information. Interact with a diverse group of external customers as well as internal contacts at all levels of the organization. Independent judgment is required to plan, prioritize, organize and carry out a diversified workload, and make recommendations for changes in office practices or procedures. Job Summary: The essential functions of this position include, but are not limited to, the following fundamental job duties: Delivering customer service that embodies the District mission. Assisting site/department leaders with communications. Acting as liaison between parent(s), student(s), guardian(s), community and site/department staff. Communicating and coordinating services with internal and external vendors to ensure adequate service to our school system. Performing general office duties such as typing, filing, copying, faxing. Attending meetings and recording meeting minutes as requested. Scheduling and preparing materials, rooms and sites for meetings, events and/or conferences. Creating, updating and maintaining handbooks and manuals. Developing and distributing communications to site/department and internal and/or external vendors. Maintaining site/department and/or supervisor’s calendar. Assist the counseling department with test preparation, administration, and security. Compile data from past tests for reports using Excel, Access, and Google as well as MDE websites. Assist with training staff in testing procedures and discussions with teacher teams regarding data. Qualifications: High school graduate or equivalent. Vocational or advanced training in office procedures desirable. Previous office experience required. Skills, Knowledge, Abilities: The attributes of an efficacious learner: resourceful, self-directed, responsible, problem solver and skilled communicator. The ability to collaboratively solve problems. The ability to work in an organized, efficient, and process-oriented manner. The ability to apply and follow record keeping procedures and protocols to maintain and process data. The ability to perform work assignments requiring attention to detail, confidentiality, precision and accuracy in accordance with set deadlines. The ability to perform assigned functions with minimal direction in accordance with established set departmental operations. Salary Range: Per contract Work Year: Class II-A 212 days