Job Details Description Job Summary This Technology Security Analyst/Cyber Security will be responsible for the security, compliance and integrity of all systems. This includes analysis and review of events escalated from our automated detection systems, analysis of traffic flows utilizing SIEM/IPS technology and other tools to detect malicious activity, and completion of tasks associated with security monitoring, detection, and incident response on an as needed basis. Job Duties Review and analyze SIEM logs and investigate/report on suspicious activities. Ensure enterprise compliance with government security policies including GDPR, J-SOX, etc. Test against security controls and conduct internal security assessments. Review and update technical security documents and report to InfoSec committee. Coordinate system and network changes with other IT members, management, support vendors and users. Recommend, plan, implement security measures to protect systems, network, information and other. Ensure punctual attendance per defined work schedule and comply with the attendance policy for time reporting, break periods, and overtime if applicable. Provide necessary documentation, status reports, and participate in meetings as needed. Ability to lead a team in a project. Might be utilized to set-up, optimize, maintain and support cloud environments. Other duties may be assigned. Job Requirements Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science or equivalent combination of education and related work experience in network/security administration. Must have at least 4 years of experience in network/security administration. SIEM experience is necessary. IT industry certifications a plus. Preferred experience: 3 or more years of cloud systems administration and/or security administration. QRadar/BigFix experience. Alpine offers competitive salaries with a great work environment. Our comprehensive employee benefits package includes: PPO Health Benefits (medical/dental/vision) Effective on Start Date 401(k) Retirement Plan with Company Match Opportunity for Annual Bonuses Generous PTO and Holiday Schedule Flexible Spending Accounts Employee Assistance Program Employee Product Purchase Discounts Wellness Reimbursement Program Life, AD&D;, Short and Long Term Disability Insurances Alpine values its members as individuals, and is committed to forming an energetic and attractive company where the quality of work is enhanced. Alpine Electronics of America, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. It is the policy of Alpine to consider all job applications on the basis of merit without regard to race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, age, national origin, ancestry, marital status, veteran status, disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, or any other protected characteristic.