About Hive Hive is a full stack deep learning platform helping to bring companies into the AI era. We label training data through Hive Data, a distributed workforce of over 300,000 workers around the world generating millions of high quality pieces of data a day. We then use this data to build machine learning models with applications in verticals like Media, Autonomous Driving, Retail, and Security. Today, we work with some of the largest companies in the world to redefine how they think about unstructured visual data and together we build solutions that completely transform verticals. We are fortunate to be funded by leading investors like Peter Thiel (Founders Fund), General Catalyst, Formation 8, and others. We have ~100 people globally, based in our San Francisco and Delhi offices. If you're interested in the future of AI and want to join us, please reach out! Data Scientist Role In order to execute our vision, we are looking to expand our team of data scientists. We generate an enormous amount of valuable proprietary data in a number of verticals, and we are building a team dedicated to deriving insights from this data. This team will bridge the gap between the "tagged" data that our machine learning team builds and the product team in delivering business insights. Our ideal candidate has experience working with massive data sets (think 10B+ rows of data) and is comfortable with both statistics and engineering. Responsibilities Everything involved in analyzing a production data set, including: Writing code to transform massive raw data output into a structured, usable form Leveraging more traditional machine learning techniques to uncover hidden relationships in our data sets Conducting statistical analysis of results to prove / disprove hypotheses, and Write up reports that our other team members can use to deliver in a product Interface closely with the Product, Business Development, and Sales teams to answer questions about our data sets that our customers and partners are seeking solutions for Requirements You have an undergraduate or graduate degree in computer science or similar technical field, with significant coursework in mathematics or statistics You have 1-2 years of industry data science experience You have successfully worked with complex data sets and are familiar with Hadoop / Spark You know the ins and outs of Python, especially as it applies to the above data processing frameworks You are capable of quickly coding and prototyping data pipelines involving any combination of Python, Node, bash, and linux command-line tools, especially when applied to large data sets consisting of millions of files You have a working knowledge of the following technologies, or are not afraid of picking them up on the fly: C++, Scala / Spark, R, Matlab, SQL, Cassandra, Docker You are comfortable with running and interpreting common statistical tests, and also with common data science techniques including dimensionality reduction and supervised and unsupervised learning You have great communication skills and ability to work with others You are a strong team player, with a do-whatever-it-takes attitude What We Offer You We are a group of individuals who are young and hungry to make a mark on the world and build a machine learning company for the long run. You will be based in San Francisco and we offer all the standard benefits available to top startup companies. At Hive, you will have a significant career development opportunity and an opportunity to learn directly from our founder / CEO. Thank you for your interest in joining Hive.