No calls or resumes will be accepted from outside agencies. Applicants should apply directly online. We are a leading provider of comprehensive design and manufacturing solutions to customers on a global basis. With locations across the Americas, Europe and Asia, Benchmark consistently delivers the highest level of market-focused services and turnkey solutions wherever our customers need them. We have a strategically located design engineering center in each of the three key regions and full precision mechanical manufacturing capabilities, both in the Americas and Asia. We are seeking an experienced and polished Executive Assistant who has past or present experience supporting a President/CEO, Chief Financial Officers and General Counsel level executives. Our Executive Assistant will assume the most responsible level of administrative functions in support of Executive Vice Presidents and above. He/she will performs a variety of complex administrative functions with minimal oversight. The successful candidate will assist in the preparation of board of directors meetings, internal executive meetings. He/she will be responsible for calendaring and travel planning as well as supporting in the preparation of internal documents, maintaining and creating organizational charts and company announcements Essential Functions and Competencies • Excellent written and verbal communication • Effective interpersonal skills • Demonstrated high attention to detail • Effective multitasking skills and ability to take on additional responsibilities as required • Ability to demonstrate discretion, confidentiality and professionalism when representing Benchmark • Ability to support a 24/7 global business operation as required • Ability to work with diverse groups • Ability to work overtime when needed • Participate in a continuous improvement activity • Ability to recognize deviation from accepted practice Qualifications / Education / Experience • Respond to a wide variety of situations and challenges involving the clerical and administrative function of the office • Answer and screen telephone calls for executives and take messages if necessary • Book travel arrangements for the company • Demonstrate the highest level of integrity and trust in dealing with confidential and time sensitive material • Prepare routine and advanced correspondence, including letters, memoranda and reports • Work with varied information and statistics to develop complex analysis of data; Prepare reports and present results to supervision • Interface with all departments, as well as persons outside the company • Prepare complex graphs and charts depicting results of analyses, trends, estimates, etc. • May perform various statistical, budgetary, material, manpower, or time studies, etc.; Utilize past and present information to substantiate analysis; • Monitor schedules or a regular basis and inform management of progress and possible problem areas • Prioritize department assignments depending on nature and criticality of requests • Recommend disbursement of vendor payments based on performance measures • Make recommendations to supervision regarding areas requiring improvement. • Analyze, revise or design forms for the control and distribution of internal information, such as labor, distribution, manpower reports, budgets, etc. • Contact management, peers, etc. to obtain, furnish or exchange information 7 to 10 years of experience in senior level administrative capacities Associate’ Degree required, Bachelor’s Degree preferred