ABOUT This is a chance to work on a product that many people, including your friends and family, use and appreciate. NextBus (acquired by Cubic Transportation Systems) improves public transportation by providing real-time passenger information (RTPI) and web-based management tools. Our goal is to make public transportation a more viable option. Our system is used by over a million daily visitors. NextBus has contracts in San Francisco, Oakland, Boston, Los Angeles, Toronto, and over 100 other cities. This is an opportunity to work for a company that actually receives fan mail from our users. Our system really does make a difference to them. JOB SUMMARY: This position is key to transforming Cubic's worldwide service delivery and operation model of providing technology-led business process outsourcing to public transportation agencies. This journey includes but is not limited to adoption of leading technology and best practice ITIL methodology and further enhancement of already successful service operations via use of intelligent data and advanced analytics. "Operating Global, Acting Local" is how we approach service innovation and 365x24x7 is our service commitment to customers. The Operations Director will work with global & regional leadership to lead planning and implementation of approved service transformation initiatives to achieve desired outcomes. In the process of service transformation, it is expected that this position will work with local stakeholders to carry out change management and communication tasks. In some cases, in order to hit operational efficiency gains, it is possible that this person will be required to have matrix reporting lines with local service delivery managers. This position typically works under limited supervision and direction. Incumbents of this position will regularly exercise discretionary and substantial decision-making authority. The purpose of this position is to direct operations in order to deliver, oversee installation and ongoing support of NextBus software and hardware systems (such as Driver Control Units, Automated passenger counters, Automated Voice Annunciators, LED and LCD signs) in a structured and organized fashion. The Director will plan, execute, and manage the delivery and acceptance of NextBus systems in accordance to deadlines agreed upon with the client to scope and within budget to ensure adherence to quality standards and complete customer satisfaction. This includes acquiring resources in a Matrix arrangement and coordinating the efforts of team members and third-party contractors in delivering systems solutions that include software, hardware and telecommunications technologies. Define project objectives and oversee quality control throughout the project life cycle. Assist support team in providing services when necessary after system acceptance. This position typically works under limited supervision and direction. Incumbents of this position will regularly exercise discretionary and substantial decision-making authority and are highly responsive to addressing customer needs. The director will also act as a liaison between Customers and NextBus staff, such as Engineering and Technical Support in meeting requirements and schedules stipulated in the contract. Maintain communication with new and existing customers in North America as we transition them from their existing NextBus legacy platform infrastructure to Cubic’s next generation Machine Learning based NextBus real time passenger information platform. ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Oversee a team of Project Managers to ensure professional services (installations and ongoing customer support) is executed efficiently and effectively while ensuring customer satisfaction Drive productivity and efficiency by monitoring operational performance, identifying and implementing actions to improve operations and business performance Define project goals, scope, schedule, budget and deliverables to support business and customer goals in collaboration with senior management at NextBus Develop and update project plans and provide ongoing updates to senior management Direct and manage project implementation and support from beginning to end to ensure customer satisfaction and alignment with corporate objectives. Effectively communicate project expectations to team members and senior management Conduct project and team meetings on a regular basis Manage change control and draft/submit change orders when required Manage subcontractor(s) to scope, schedule and budget and ensure quality outcomes Set and continually manage project expectations with customers and project team Identify and resolve issues and conflicts within the project team Identify and manage project dependencies and critical path Plan and schedule project timelines and milestones using appropriate tools Track project milestones and deliverables Coordinate weekly team meetings and provide consolidate status reports from the project team, analyze results, and troubleshoot and resolve any problem areas Proactively manage changes in project scope, identify potential crises and hardware device contingency plans Joint leadership in the local implementation of service transformation initiatives to achieve positive outcomes Review and update performance metrics with global SMO to support continuous improvement for employees and the company Participate in the detailed design of business case for transformation initiatives as part of a global team Manage financial business case to budget against relevant project financial reporting Participate in ongoing reviews and steering of service transformation and innovation work streams Participate in post implementation review for benefits analysis and capture lessons learned Surface local/regional transformation implementation issues promptly to the local and WW team and contribute /manage to resolution. Work with transformation team leads and refine business cases on a continual basis Lead local change management and organization communication; assist local management with relevant process change. Act as a conduit between regional operations and global service management; a member of steering committee to provide local perspective and assist global team with local concerns. Align global CTS Strategy with regional needs. May require extensive travels at times. MINIMUM JOB REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in business, economics or related discipline. Multi-tasking master with 12+ years operations and/or program management experience. Transit experience (or at least transportation) experience preferred. Significant operations, IT transformation experience and knowledge of ITIL preferred. Experience having successfully delivered multi-million dollar transformation projects. Strong familiarity with project management software (P6 and MS Project preferred. Ability to think outside of the box, not afraid to break down silos and suggest hard decisions. Must be self-motivated, creative and have the ability to work closely in a team environment with different functions and individuals at various levels in the organization. Experience working autonomously with minimal supervision. Excellent communication skills (presentation skills) at all levels (line employee to C-Level). Astute negotiation and conflict resolution skills. Willing to travel extensively when needed. _The description provided above is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all job duties, responsibilities and requirements. Duties, responsibilities and requirements may change over time and according to business need._ Worker Type: Employee