Oracle Database Administrator - 18000OHF Preferred Qualifications Perform all activities related to the administration of complex databases to meet customer requirements. RESPONSIBILITIES Design, install and maintain complex databases including all aspects of high availability, backup/recovery, security, integrity, performance tuning. Assist with the development of DB standards and design new systems and procedures to make efficient use of available resources. Provide support and guidance to developers with database SQL and tuning and optimization. Provide primary problem management support by receiving, troubleshooting, and solving the daily problems reported by internal customers. Create and maintain complete documentation necessary for all systems and procedures. Assist with implementing more advanced database modules and features (e.g. replication, clustering, partitioning, etc.). Provide technical leadership and recommendation into the future direction of database technology. REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES Industry experience with all things Oracle, including development tools on UNIX/LINUX and scripting languages. Possess strong technical and task/timeline oriented skills necessary to ensure projects are completed in a timely and accurate manner. Experience implementing new technologies and HA. Excellent problem solving skills and able to handle multiple issues. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with coworkers and clients. Well versed with Security and auditing. Able to design and implement foolproof security solutions. Solid performance tuning skills and able to diagnose problems quickly and efficiently. MINIMUM REQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s degree with 7+ years Production Oracle DBA experience on UNIX and/or LINUX with equal experience using related database tools. 5+ Years 24X7 production support. Must have 5+ Years experience supporting many large databases. Must have done patching and upgrades of several databases. 5+ years with backup/recovery using RMAN. Solid experience setting up and migrating to and supporting RAC, Dataguard. Excellent scripting skills Shell/Python/Perl. Detailed Description and Job Requirements Work with a world class team to provide enterprise-wide, Oracle Database Administration support for production systems and provide DBA services to application development teams, including database design, database generation, coding, and database production support. Provide DBA support with a high degree of customer service, technical expertise, and timeliness. Provide accurate and creative solutions to user problems of moderate nature to ensure user productivity. Provide Development and/or Production support. This includes creating primary database storage structures, designing and creating primary objects, modifying database structure as necessary for enhancements or performance, creating documentation, designing interfaces, database objects, and creating plans. Monitor and optimize performance of the database, plan for backup and recovery of the database, and allocate system storage and plan future storage needs. Create database-related scripts and programs to support development and production environments. Research, evaluate, design, test, recommend, and plan implementation of new or improved RDBMS, ETL and database tools. Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. 5 years of experience supporting relational databases as a DBA, with multiple distributed relational DBSMs or a depth and focus in Oracle and related tools. Exposure and practice at using the DBMS to optimize performance of large databases for enterprise use is preferred. Experience with an organization with a key 24 X 7 reliance on its database is desirable. BS or equivalent desired. Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.