Job Posting - External ARI, part of the Holman Automotive Group and headquartered in Mt. Laurel, N.J., is a billion-dollar global vehicle fleet leasing and management company that prides itself on providing exceptional service. A recognized leader in the industry and the largest fleet management company in North America. Ranked 27 on _FORTUNE_ magazine’s 100 “Best Places to Work” and 17 on Computerworld’s Best Places to Work in IT. ARI has more than 65 years of experience offering its employees a place where their careers and personal development can thrive. Data Integration Analyst - Modeler, Level 3 Job Purpose: Design data models for transactional, reporting, and analytic databases in Oracle and SAP Hana. Define data mappings and transformation logic for loading the reporting and analytic data structures. Provide guidance to the ETL developers during development and implementation of the data flows that automate the movement of data between systems and data stores in an enterprise ETL tool. Essential Functions: Interact as necessary with key business resources to analyze application and reporting requirements and translate these into the technical designs of transactional or reporting and analytic databases. Augment conceptual models based on elements, metrics, and relationships from requirements gathering Design staging, relational, and dimensional data structures at both logical and physical levels. Design, develop, and document processes that consolidate and integrate data per requirements. Develop SQL to load and validate data in the newly designed database structures. Provide timely project and task updates to all concerned parties Tune and troubleshoot functional and performance problems with the SQL for loading the databases. Work with the DBA team to tune and refactor SQL used in ETL jobs Knowledge and Skill Must have strong proficiency in SQL, ANSI SQL, PL/SQL Must have strong proficiency in reading and creating ER diagrams Experience with conceptual, logical and physical modeling using modeling tools such as SAP Power Designer, Visio, ERWIN, or Embarcadero, etc is required Knowledge of Oracle 11g and 12c development is required - SAP HANA experience is a plus Experience querying and loading relational transactional, and dimensional data models in a data warehouse environment are required Minimum 6 years of working experience in transactional, and dimensional data warehousing, modeling development Provide technical guidance to team members and willingly offer assistance to others Excellent verbal and written communication skills with a strong focus on the ability to clearly articulate and discuss technical issues with both technical and business personnel. Strong analytical skills, able to effectively solve problems in a timely manner Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Math or a related IT field or equivalent work experience in an IT field required