Bunker Hill Insurance Company is the home insurance affiliate of Plymouth Rock. Bunker Hill writes homeowner’s and renter’s insurance exclusively. We attribute our growth, success and financial strength to one core belief: if we work hard every day to provide extraordinary customer service – we call it True Service® – the very best homeowners and the finest independent insurance agents will bring their business to us. The company protects over 50,000 Massachusetts and Connecticut households. This position will be responsible for all aspects of the user acceptance testing by means of analysis, testing, documentation, and training. They will work with management and technical personnel to define specifications to meet operational business needs, develop and execute test matrices for system changes and enhancements, devise and participate in roll-out strategies and training both internally and externally, in addition to performing other tasks related to our systems' needs. Additional details and responsibilities: While this position calls for traditional business hours, off-hour, night and weekend testing will be necessary on occasion. Other responsibilities include running queries to analyze data, generating reports to support and facilitate operational workflows, reviewing and reporting on system errors, and providing general support to users on system relation questions. Knowledge/Skills/Education required: A four year degree or equivalent work experience is required. This person must have effective interpersonal skills, both verbal and written, and be able to multitask, manage details and execute effective follow through. Homeowners insurance knowledge is preferred. Experience with web-based applications, insurance systems, agency interface, database query tools, MS suite of products and strong analytical skills required. The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,600 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of "A-/Excellent".