The Opportunity: HomeAway is seeking a dynamic and experienced Finance Director to lead a newly formed finance group at its headquarters in Austin, Texas. This leadership role isa part of the Global Commercial Finance organization and will support Global Partner Success. The role reports to the Sr. Director of Commercial Finance. Commercial Finance supports our retail business organization, local markets, sales, customer service, and technology organizations. This leader will be charged with developing and implementing the optimal analytical and support model for our Partner Success organization. The Partner Success organization acquires and sustains partnerships all over the world with our supply base, working to maximize value for both our partners and HomeAway, in partnership with Customer Experience, whose mission is to deliver the highest quality experience to our travelers and supply partners. This role will also be accountable for HomeAway Payments, ensuring margin is optimized in our merchant business. This leader will be charged with planning and managing more than 1,000 head count across the organizations as well as forecasting and measuring sales for our supply base. What you’ll do: Build from scratch a financial support framework for Partner Success, including forecasting and monitoring of supply retention, acquisition, partner value and monetization, and costs/headcount. Create fully burdened cost projections to enable “make vs. buy” resourcing analysis and influence our global operational foot print. Work cross functionally to ensure consistency in process, projections, reporting and vernacular. Analyze, evaluate and provide recommendations on pricing services from vendors for payments (both payments in and payments out) related to the merchant model business. Lead and develop a team of 4 people, including a Sr. Manager and 3 analysts to drive more informed decisions in our business. Become an invaluable partner to the Sr. Vice President for Partner Success, Sr. Vice President for Customer Experience and Sr. Director of Commercial Finance. Manage the team to meet deliverables while developing professional growth opportunities for team members. Provide financial reviews on a regular basis to senior commercial and finance leadership, identifying financial risks/opportunities and developing recommendations for solutions. Develop models that result in reliable, easy to audit and scalable financial models and projections. Drive efficiencies through new approaches such as machine learning, leveraging data science capabilities and the like. Develop financial metrics and dashboards to drive appropriate visibility to the key drivers in these businesses. Develop a rigorous regional lens for each area with financials and metrics that assist regions with gross profit maximization and drive decisions which balance value and return. Who you are: Comfortable with and demonstrated ability to thrive in a very fast paced environment and highly visible role where priorities are constantly shuffling, and speed without sacrificing data quality is the norm. Thought leadership and relentless curiosity. The candidate must be able to create, sell and execute on a vision from scratch, collaborating along the way with key stakeholders, leveraging new approaches (machine learning, data science, etc)to effectively scale. Exceptional people leadership skills with a demonstrated ability to manage and accelerate high potential talent as well as effectively develop or address under performers. This includes first and second line leadership management. Executive presence is a must. The candidate must portray a strong presence, with a strong ability to challenge the status quo and actively participate in executive level discussions. Some who is very articulate (both verbally and in writing), concise, outspoken, yet respectful will be most successful. Exceptional and efficient at synthesizing and summarizing substantial amounts of quantitative and qualitative data into a distilled, executive level presentation. Prior consulting experience will be very valuable in this regard. Other Qualifications: Bachelors in Finance, Business, or Economics with 15 years of progressive, related experience. An M.B.A. is desired but not required. Prior consulting experience is desired but may not be required. Strong critical thinking skills, with an innate sense of curiosity, that is complimented by an aptitude for learning quickly Track record of building solid partnerships with peers and executive level leaders. Ability to work effectively in team environments, particularly cross-functional teams, without sacrificing speed. Advanced modeling skills that span new “from scratch” initiatives as well as improving the efficiency and accuracy in existing models. Must be able to create models that incorporate currency uncertainty and complexity. Solid experience with financials ERPS or other OLAP based financial planning software such as Hyperion, Prophix, Adaptive,Cognos or Clarity. Foundational understanding of US GAAP Accounting, particularly of revenue recognition. What we offer: Competitive health and insurance benefits. Competitive salary. Annual target bonus or commission. Parental leave for up to 20 weeks (dependent on eligibility). Paid vacation and sick time. Vacation rental on a yearly basis (taxable benefit). Employee Stock Purchase Program. Free snacks and beverages. Frequent company update talks with our leadership team. Free listing on HomeAway.com. Electronic, adjustable stand-up desk. Discounted Metro & Rail pass. Casual dress. Why join us: Expedia Group recognizes our success is dependent on the success of our people. We are the world's travel platform, made up of the most knowledgeable, passionate, and creative people in our business. Our brands recognize the power of travel to break down barriers and make people's lives better – that responsibility inspires us to be the place where exceptional people want to do their best work, and to provide them to tools to do so. Whether you're applying to work in engineering or customer support, marketing or lodging supply, at Expedia Group we act as one team, working towards a common goal; to bring the world within reach. We relentlessly strive for better, but not at the cost of the customer. We act with humility and optimism, respecting ideas big and small. We value diversity and voices of all volumes. We are a global organization but keep our feet on the ground so we can act fast and stay simple. Our teams also have the chance to give back on a local level and make a difference through our corporate social responsibility program, Expedia Cares. Our family of travel brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Egencia®, trivago®, HomeAway®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Wotif®, lastminute.com.au®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Hotwire®, Classic Vacations®, Expedia® Media Solutions, CarRentals.com™, Expedia Local Expert®, Expedia® CruiseShipCenters®, SilverRail Technologies, Inc., ALICE and Traveldoo®. About HomeAway: HomeAway , a world leader in the vacation rental industry, is the place to book beach houses, cabins, and condos with more than two million places to stay in 190 countries. The site makes it easy to find and book the perfect vacation rental for any getaway, often for less than the cost of traditional hotel accommodations. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.