SPINS, a Chicago-based SaaS company, is seeking a Client Data Analyst to join our team based in Phoenix, AZ (85054). By leveraging SPINS’ industry-leading proprietary data and analytics, our technology enables deeper, more engaged relationships between Retailers, Brands and Consumers through our platform, web, and mobile products. WHO ARE WE? We eat collaboration and curiosity for breakfast We communicate quickly and succinctly We believe in roles instead of jobs We take initiative independently and hurdle challenges together We discuss, debate, decide and do with the same rapidity as we iterate our platform We are a talent ecosystem whose health is predicated on each individual’s ability to support every other individual’s success WHO ARE YOU? Someone who begins a project with data and ends with data Someone energetic, empathic and earnest Someone that refuses to give up when the path isn’t paved Someone that consistently delivers quality work on schedule Someone who would rather build the right tool to do the job than wait until they’re handed one A creative thinker as adept at looking at the Big Picture as they are at the details WHAT DO WE NEED? Are you passionate about using data to support the development of growth stories for retailers? Do you have a desire to move into the fast-growing Health & Wellness space by working closely with a rapidly evolving retailer spanning departments from food and beverage to body care and vitamins? Are you an experience user of syndicated data services from leading industry providers? If so, we’d love to talk with you about our Client Data Analyst position in the Phoenix, AZ market. The Client Data Analyst will work onsite with our retailer team to help them identify and capitalize on their largest growth opportunities. They'll report data findings in a concise manner to be understood by various audiences in the organization and monitor and measure key performance indicators within the position and across the organization. The Analyst will work continuously on process improvement and innovation to increase workflow efficiency within the team and across solutions; working directly with the Client Lead at the retailer supporting existing and to be developed business priorities. The Client Data Analyst must be able to work on multiple projects concurrently, and efficiently leverage SPINS Business Intelligence tool and ad-hoc reporting platforms. Experience using syndicated data services and exceptional Excel & PowerPoint skills are a ‘must have’ for this position. The position reports to the SPINS Client Lead and is based in Phoenix, AZ. WE'LL BE COUNTING ON YOU FOR... Your advanced skills with Excel and PowerPoint. Your relentless attention to detail and passion for new methods and skills. Your comfort working within a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment. Your positive attitude and passion for using data to uncover actionable decisions. Your willingness to be onsite at the client daily and juggle competing priorities and a consistent flow of requests. YOU PROBABLY HAVE... BS in Business or related field Advanced Excel skills Problem solving skills Financial analysis experience 2+ years of data analysis and modeling OR 2+ years of experience using IRI, Nielsen, or SPINS syndicated data in your day-to-day work with retailers and/or CPG brands Experience in quality assurance and testing Data interpretation/data understanding Ability to be onsite at the client full-time