PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Provides a full range of comprehensive compensation consulting services and developing, implementing and/or administering compensation programs. Provides subject matter expertise and serve as market expert regarding specific client market compensation issues. Conducts job evaluations; analyze job responsibilities, activities, duties, requirements and organizational structure and recommend internal job placement in the appropriate level, title and FLSA classification. Conducting market pricing, peer group selection, survey analyses, interpreting salary data, financial modeling and special research projects. Analyzing data to determine the appropriate salary level and job title for existing and proposed positions, including more complex positions involving responsibilities within multiple focus areas. Identifying complex job matching and data issues and proactively consulting with Clients and key Associates to determine appropriate course of action; acting quickly to remove obstacles impeding project steps. Effectively keeping the Project Manager apprised of project status, including delays or potential problems; holding self and team members accountable for Client deadlines and deliverables. Assisting with more complex report and proposal writing as it relates to describing and summarizing project objectives, methodologies, analysis and results as well as proofing for accuracy. Serving as a peer reviewer and mentor of technical knowledge to effectively guide more junior Associates in complex research, data collection and analytics. Participating in appropriate Client Delivery Team meetings to understand team and Client initiatives. Establishing Client relationships and acting as a key point of contact for Client inquires, as appropriate. Shadowing Project and Client Relationship Managers at Client meetings or teleconferences, as requested. EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s degree in a business-related field, ideally with an emphasis in finance, economics, statistics, mathematics, accounting or health care administration; Master’s degree preferred. Two to five years of progressive experience directly consulting with Clients required. Three to five years of related analytical experience required, involving data analysis, financial modeling and presentation design. Certified Compensation or Benefits Professional designation is preferred. Experience working within a consulting, compensation or health care-related firm is preferred. Solid technical knowledge and experience working with Excel, Word and PowerPoint. Basic programming experience is a plus. Strong critical thinking skills and the ability to: Determine appropriate data analytic approaches and tools based on project tasks and Client requirements. Analyze, organize and interpret data using a logical and systematic process. Remove irrelevant data when conducting analytical work and developing creative solutions. Visualize and articulate complex problems and concepts. Recognize patterns in complex sets of data and recommend practical models. Identify and recommend solutions to remove obstacles impeding project steps or task achievement. Knowledge of laws and regulations that impact the health care Client population. Ability to provide relevant subject matter expertise and draft well-organized Client deliverables that demonstrate understanding. Ability to present ideas in a business-friendly language and accurately respond to Client or Associate inquiries. Excellent interpersonal, writing, verbal and presentation skills are required, including the ability to: Make clear and convincing oral presentations that achieve a specific purpose. Successfully tailor communications to the audience, as appropriate. Effectively present facts, analysis and conclusions or solutions in a way that demonstrates command of content; factors in perspectives and interests of the audience. Write concise project communications, documents and presentations with appropriate level of technical detail and complexity. Use appropriate writing style consistent with organizational guidelines, templates and brand standards. Excellent project management and organizational skills, and ability to manage and execute tasks in a high pressure environment. Strong attention to detail. BEHAVIORAL ATTRIBUTES Self-starter with demonstrated ability to successfully assist with complex project deliverables in a very driven and changing organization. Flexibility, adaptability and the ability to work under tight deadlines or changing needs. Confidence and ability to work independently, as well as in a team structure. Exceptional employee service orientation. Capable of working in a group as a strong team player. High level of self-motivation. Intellectual curiosity, seeking opportunities to develop new skills. _Applicants for employment must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States (i.e. H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non- immigrant status)._