At Abbott, we're committed to helping people live their best possible life through the power of health. For more than 125 years, we've brought new products and technologies to the world - in nutrition, diagnostics, medical devices and branded generic pharmaceuticals - that create more possibilities for more people at all stages of life. Today, 99,000 of us are working to help people live not just longer, but better, in the more than 150 countries we serve. This position is part of HRIS Team under Global HR Services. The incumbent will lead and support 200+ integrations across multiple systems from Workday and also Implement the vision and strategies for HRIS integration architecture. Responsibilities: Create and document standards and best practices for the overall integration process and strategy for consistent planning, development and support of Workday integrations Manages and coach a team of three Employee subordinates and Manager Contingent Workers. Leads technical design and review sessions/workshops with technical resources at all levels Demonstrates knowledge about the technology and participates in training and development initiatives to keep abreast of current trends and practices. Implements quality standards for own work and monitors and manages work of team members, providing feedback as appropriate. Able to support Release upgrades. Responsible for managing all stages of the integration projects, from technical requirements and definition gathering to project planning and implementation Require Expertise in the following Workday technologies: WS APIs Workday Studio PICOF or PECI. Cloud Connect XSLT Eligibility rules and Notifications Business Process Framework Security. Requirements: Minimum of 8 years of experience with systems integration. 4 Years of minimum experience building integrations in Workday. US Payroll Implementation Knowledge is a Plus Experience leading and participating in technical and cross-functional projects is required Experience implementing Workday or similar applications is required Highly analytical, with strong problem solving and organizational skills Able to build structure in ambiguous situations and establish best practices Excellent written and verbal skills Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and to adapt to changing priorities Excellent oral and written communications skills Excellent analytical and problem solving skills