Essential Job Functions: Review, create and update manufacturing work instructions Organize work instructions in a database, adding pictures and symbols as needed Meet with manufacturing engineers and technicians to evaluate process and receive feedback on work performed Report project status during regular meetings with the customer. Typical reports would include updates on total completed work instructions, assumptions made and information needed. Secondary Job Functions: At QuEST, we often challenge our leaders to temporarily work outside the scope of their primary job functions to broaden their skills and help the organization. Some of these roles, tasks, and opportunities include: Execution within multiple services Technical Leadership and Technical Reviews Cross-functional teams Geographic re-assignments Enabler roles, such as Human Resources, Technology Development, and IT Quality Management and Continuous Improvement Qualifications Diploma, AS or BS in an engineering or technical field Proficiency with MS Office required Familiarity or interest with aerospace industry desired Experience with data organization and presentation desired Experience with manufacturing processes desired Previous leadership experience a plus Personal Work Attributes Financial management skills Superior communication (verbal and written) and interpersonal skills Excellent business management and developmental skills Team/management skills and organizational skills Ability to resolve conflicting situations Computer or technical knowledge Effective problem-solving skills An understanding of QuEST’s business goals and objectives Core Value Alignment: Customer Focus: Strive to exceed our customers’ expectations each and every time Teamwork: Draw strength from teamwork / collaboration irrespective of geographical, organizational, and cultural boundaries. Accountability: We shall be quality conscious, process disciplined and strive for continuous improvement. Change Championship: The speed at which we adapt is critical to our success. QuEST’s continued success is based on the sustained alignment to the core values. Please be prepared to discuss the alignment of your personal values to these core values. Physical Requirements & Work Environment: Mostly Office Environments. Occasional Shop Floor involvement Substantial amounts of telephone and computer work. Heavily Regulated Industries with strict adherence to procedures. Flexibility to meet business deadlines by staying late or arriving early. Typical 8 hour days plus lunch / 40 hour weeks / core (required) hours are 9 AM to 4 PM Ability to use personal transportation to visit customer locations. Due to the nature of the work, all candidates must be a U.S. Citizen or Permanent Resident. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Location: Phoenix, Arizona Travel: Up to 25% Compensation Type: Hourly Status: Full-Time Reports to: Supply Chain Management Program Manager Contact: TAT_NA@quest-global.com QuEST Global is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. EOE/AA About QuEST QuEST Global is an Engineering Solutions company incorporated in 1997 in Schenectady, NY, with current headquarters in Singapore. QuEST’s culture, focused around the QuEST core values (Customer Focus, Change Championship, Accountability, and Teamwork) as well as our passion for engineering, has allowed QuEST to be recognized as one of the leading global Engineering Services providers in the world. The company now employs over 3,400 engineers with aspirations of continued successful growth and innovation. QuEST caters to multiple high technology verticals such as Aero Engines, Aerospace and Defense, Industrial Products, Fast Moving Consumer Goods, Power Generation, Oil & Gas and Nuclear Engineering. Our portfolio of services and solutions covers all aspects of the product development and engineering process such as Product Design, Product Development, Prototyping, Testing, Certification, Manufacturing Support, Product Support (sustenance, repair, documentation, etc.), Product re-engineering, as well Consulting Services. With our diversified portfolio and geographic spread we have been able to conceptualize, design & develop, test, manufacture, certify and support different kinds of products worldwide. QuEST Global Engineering has a Global Product Development framework that is anchored on a local-global approach to Product Engineering to ensure close co- operation between the customer teams and QuEST's Global teams. We have successfully implemented a network of collaboration across teams in 21 geographically dispersed engineering centers catering to an exclusive list of customers. QuEST is a unique company that has cracked the code for stitching multi-national engineering teams to work together as one team to serve our demanding customers providing high quality product design and engineering services. QuEST Global Services-NA, Inc. 333 East River Drive, Suite 301 East Hartford, CT 06108 www.quest-global.com