As an experienced Software Engineer, your mission is to help lead our team of innovators and technologists toward creating next-level solutions that improve the way our business is run. Your deep knowledge of design, analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming will help your team raise their game, meeting your standards, as well as satisfying both business and functional requirements. Your expertise in various technology domains will be counted on to set strategic direction and solve complex and mission critical problems, internally and externally. Your quest to embracing leading- edge technologies and methodologies inspires your team to follow suit. And best of all, you’ll be able to harness massive amounts of brainpower through our global network of technologists from around the world. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: BS/BA degree or equivalent experience Expertise in application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines Advanced knowledge of architecture, design and business processes Proficiency in modern programming languages Keen understanding of financial control and budget management Ability to work collaboratively in teams and develop meaningful relationships to achieve common goals 7+ years minimum experience as a developer, preferably in the financial industry Functional understanding of retail banking Ability to work with product, business and application teams to write technical user stories for the development team Strong written and verbal communication skills Strong interpersonal skills and time management skills Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills Strong experience with Agile development methodologies Strong JAVA skills to analyze existing data and identify gaps/data quality issues Experience writing technical stories in JIRA/Confluence using industry standard notations (like BDD/Gherkin) Experience working in large, complex data environments Experience working on large and medium scale software projects Experience working with diversified multi-location team Experience utilizing Kafka, Cassandra, Spark, and Hadoop, would be a plus Our Commercial Banking division uses technology driven by innovative minds like yours to provide companies, as well as real estate owners and investors with a range of financial solutions designed to help them achieve their business goals. With annual client revenues ranging from $20 million to over $2 billion, the service and the solutions we provide is critical to both our and our clients’ success. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. _It's time to take your career to the next level, and we can help. Apply today._