The Senior Network Engineer (SNE) will serve as the lead architect for the design and implementation of a new, cutting-edge network infrastructure. The SNE will lead a comprehensive network core, building distribution, and data center network refresh in order to support and accelerate the increasingly data-intensive research conducted by the university. The SNE will work closely with the Network Services Manager to design, install, and configure core and edge routers and backbone, data center, and access switches, configure and troubleshoot routing protocols (BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, MPLS, VXLAN with BGP EVPN, Multicast, etc.), and interface with ISPs that provide Internet and WAN access. The SNE will also maintain the integrity of the DNS/DHCP systems and VPN concentrators, as well as device status and network throughput monitoring systems. Firewall maintenance and configuration will be a shared responsibility with the Information Security team within the IT Department. The SNE will also serve as the deputy Network Services Manager as needed, and will mentor and train other Network Group personnel, establishing thorough cross-training programs. Job Requirements Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Computer Engineering, Engineering or related technical degree from an appropriately accredited institution required. Must have at least four years of progressive networking experience. Some experience in an academic environment is preferred. Must have working knowledge of the following: OSPFv2, OSPFv3, EIGRP, EIGRPv3, BGP w/AFI, DMVPN, VXLAN w/BGP EVPN, MPLS, VPLS, EoMPLS, Multicast (PIM, DVMRP), Wireless Controllers, RADIUS/TACACS+, Spanning Tree protocols (PVST+, RSTP, MSTP), strong layer 2 and layer 3 troubleshooting skills, Wireshark, iperf, DNS/DHCP, monitoring tools, IPv4/IPv6 implementation, firewall configuration. The ideal candidate will also have knowledge of the following: Cisco, Aruba, Brocade, and Dell technologies, Infoblox, FlowTraq Netflow monitoring, scripting (Python, Ansible), Telecom- VoIP, Science DMZ design and implementation, perfSONAR, hardware VPN setup over WAN (with and without split tunnels), application load balancers (e.g. F5, HAProxy). Additional Details Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled