Domain Architect - Omni Who we are lululemon is a yoga-inspired technical apparel company up to big things. The practice and philosophy of yoga informs our overall purpose to elevate the world through the power of practice. We are proud to be a growing global company with locations all around the world, from Vancouver to Shanghai, and places in between. We owe our success to our innovative product, our emphasis on our stores, our commitment to our people, and the incredible connections we get to make in every community we are in. About this team Lululemon is looking for a Domain Architect to be our Omni subject matter expert. You will to drive the design and implementation of our evolving technologies. As the Omni SME you will demonstrate your technical depth, thoughtful leadership, authentic interpersonal skills and passion to elevate the e-commerce foundation to the new level. You will be a member of a leadership team to help define the strategy and target state for lululemon’s future. You will be lululemon’s culture ambassador to drive the innovation through “possibility” thinking and pragmatic practices. You will be partnering with enterprise architects, domain architect peers, solution architects and delivery leaders to apply our architecture principles and promote the design patterns & practices of highly scalable and available services and applications. Roles and Responsibilities Own the architecture of our enterprise e-commerce omni service foundation Drive the evolution of service foundation future state and its business-driven roadmap Building and maintaining technical trusted advisor relationships with influential technical decision makers for the successful adoption and deployment of commerce service target state Guide solution architects to establish target state and roadmap per their areas Identify areas of strategic technical debt, do the cost/benefit analysis for resolving this debt and integrate into your roadmap for the management team Track and apply innovative and existing technologies, anchoring them in the business model to assess their potential, and use rapid prototyping approaches to evolve innovations Facilitate the evolution of the architecture program to guide architecture decision making You are a primary steward and mentoring force within the Lululemon architecture community. Promoting best-practices and industry knowledge within its ranks Qualifications: 10+ years architect/design/implementation experience of large-scale, highly available systems with loosely coupled architecture patterns Expert in developing highly distributed micro-service architectures in global environments Hands on experience working with cloud solutions; AWS, Azure, or other Excellent communication skills with the ability to right level the conversation Technical degree required; Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent eCommerce experience in a Retail company. eCommerce Platform and Technology experience related to: Order Capturing, Order Management, Inventory Management, Order Fulfillment across Warehouses and Stores in Global scope Salesforce experience; Sterling Commerce Platform & SAAS & Cloud Integration experience _NOTE: Only those applicants under consideration will be contacted. Please accept our utmost appreciation for your interest. lululemon is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Employment decisions are based on merit and business needs, and not on race, color, creed, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, military service, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions or any other classification protected by federal, state or provincial and local laws and ordinances. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This Equal Employment Opportunity policy applies to all practices relating to recruitment and hiring, compensation, benefits, discipline, transfer, termination and all other terms and conditions of employment. While management is primarily responsible for seeing that lululemon equal employment opportunity policies are implemented, you share in the responsibility for assuring that, by your_ _personal actions, the policies are effective._ Job : Ecommerce Organization : Store Support Center Schedule : : Full-time Unposting Date : Ongoing