About the role The Robotic Process Automation (RPA) Solutions Architect takes ownership of technology related aspects of RPA implementation as part of a client solutions, mobilization, internal initiative or other special program within Avanade’s Intelligent Automation organization. Following Avanade methodologies and industry best practices, this role will be accountable for recommending appropriate technology solutions and delivering architectural and technical solution designs and client proposals. These goals will be achieved leveraging our global network, working together and openly sharing ideas, knowledge and resources Day to day you will: Partner closely with our Intelligent Automation team and RPA Solution Architects to translate the customer's business requirements to define RPA value proposition and solution scope Analyzes client processes, and identifies RPA opportunities Recommends RPA approach and strategy based on analysis and client RPA maturity Assists Project Manager to ensure smooth delivery of the RPA solution Provides continuous advice and best practices to RPA developers and Project Manager related to delivery approach and strategy Facilitate team and client meetings and presentations Travel, as needed, up to 80%. About you You’re an excellent communicator with the ability to listen and understand client needs, then help shape a solution. You have automation experience that covers business acumen, time management skills and a passion for learning. You’re adept at process assessments, and you understand applications of RPA in different business domains. You are able to communicate complex concepts while managing client expectations and conveying the strength and benefits of Microsoft technologies for our clients. In addition, your skillset and experiences likely include: Strong understanding of RPA concepts and market Previous process assessment experience for end-to-end process automation including RPA proof of concepts Expertise in at least one of market leading RPA platforms: Blue Prism, Automation Anywhere, UI Path and deep understanding of technology and architecture concepts Process documentation and analysis (PDD, SDDs), including specification of system requirements for business processes (data, presentation, and logic) Previous experience in business analysis and process re-engineering Strong problem solving, analysis, and design skills Presentation skills with ability to communicate at executive level 7-10+ years of experience in technology or Business Process Outsourcing as senior developer/architect/project manager working with onshore/off-shore teams You likely have previous consulting experience and/or equivalent education. Qualifications About Avanade Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud services, business solutions and design-led experiences delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Our professionals combine technology, business and industry expertise to build and deploy solutions to realize results for our clients and their customers. Avanade has 29,000 digitally connected people across 23 countries, bringing clients the best thinking through a collaborative culture that honors diversity and reflects the communities in which we operate. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation. Learn more at www.avanade.com. Qualifications Years of Experience: 7 - 10 years of consulting project management experience Management Experience: 7+ years of direct people management experience Education: Bachelor's degree in business or technology-related field Other Skills/Knowledge: Technical skills and knowledge Demonstrated ability to think and work systematically and logically Basic knowledge of contract terms Proven skills in customer expectations management Working knowledge of at least one software development methodology Working knowledge of Microsoft platform technologies In-depth knowledge of Microsoft Project Good knowledge of Earned Value reporting Other skills and knowledge Clear and concise oral and written communication Negotiation skills Results oriented / self-directed ability to drive change in unstructured environment Good client interface and presentation skills Business acumen Time management skills Customer oriented attitude and good interpersonal skills. Requisition ID - 52104 Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.com.