Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, one of the world's leading global law firms with almost 4000 lawyers and staff in 30 offices around the world is currently seeking a New Business Analyst in the Client/Matter Administration Department. The position is resident in the firm's Philadelphia office and reports into the New Business Manager. This position will focus efforts on assisting Partners, Associates, and support staff in identifying potential conflict issues and New Business related information. Key responsibilities of this position include: Processes new client and matter reports associated with proposed new business. Performs conflict analysis on all proposed new client representations and facilitate proper communication and coordination of issues related to New Business Intake. Proactively communicates with Firm Attorneys and support staff in each office to understand conflicts of interest issues and independently reviews, researches and resolves conflicts issues related to firm new business. Composes written and verbal correspondence with Attorneys and other support staff. Answers telephone and email inquiries for new business status requests. Proofreads and re-checks material to confirm accuracy. Performs research, locating material from various sources inside and outside the Firm. Enters ongoing status information and maintains on-line documentation in database. Ensures compliance with ethics related to firm policies and procedures. Works as a team member with the other assistants in the New Business department. Experience & Qualifications: Bachelor's degree (B. A.) from a four-year college or university At least 1 year of law firm experience required or equivalent experience in an academic or other professional services organization or administrative research position Creative and analytical thinking Strong written and oral communication skills Strong client service Word processing and administrative skills Strong presentation and leadership skills, including the ability to effectively set goals and manage expectations on an individual and a team level Excellent project management and research skills Ability to effectively organize and prioritize in a deadline-driven environment Ability to interact effectively with all organizational levels and a diverse group Ability to concentrate clearly on highly detailed information, to identify conflicts of interest questions and resolve them in a consensus environment and to keep confidential information regarding Firm New Business matters The successful candidate must also possess a strong knowledge of MS Office products, Outlook, Internet research methods, with Elite Database knowledge being a plus. Typical working hours will be either 9:00 am to 5:00 pm or 10:00 am to 6:00 pm / 35 hours weekly. Flexibility with overtime is also required. Qualified candidates must apply online by visiting our website at www.morganlewis.com and selecting “Careers”. Morgan Lewis is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Pursuant to applicable state and municipal Fair Chance Laws and Ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.