The Senior Data Scientist will be a key member of the Analytics and Data Science department serving as a subject matter expert to various functional business partners. You will partner with our Hosting brands to support critical initiatives focused on improving various customer and financial metrics. You will not only dive deep to find data-driven insights but craft meaningful and articulate recommendations that can be discussed and acted upon with your peers. This role reports into the VP, Analytics, and Data Science and will interface with senior leaders from the organization on a regular basis. Responsibilities: Analyze customer data aimed at improving customer retention and to drive customer engagement strategies Work with the business to develop data-based inquiries, and conduct data exploration and data mining to determine drivers of retention and customer value. Design and evaluate test and learn campaigns aimed at improving customer retention, engagement and success while optimizing business KPIs Partner closely with business stakeholders to ensure insights are leading to action and measuring the business impact Requirements: BS in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science or related field. MS or Ph.D. degree preferred 5+ years of experience in applied analytics or data science roles Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Strong experience with SQL in various database environments (including Big Data/ Distributed systems) Experience with Tableau, Power BI or other BI tools. Experience developing data visualizations to enable data exploration, illustrate an insight or tell a story. Experience with Python and/or R (preferably Spark) Strong Excel skills Practical knowledge applying analytical techniques such as survival and failure analysis, regression, decision trees, segmentation, clustering, and other techniques to describe patterns and make predictions with real-world data. Understanding of sampling and testing methodology including A/B splits and multivariate testing. Curious, self-motivated thinker; always asks why and drives until the answer is clear. Strong communicator with demonstrated experiencing translating analytic findings to business insights and influencing business stakeholders to drive action and improved business performance. Strong cross-functional collaboration skills Comfortable interacting with senior leadership. Preferred qualifications: Versed in SaaS / subscription-based businesses Specific experience with customer churn modeling and financial forecasting Strong writing, and presentation skills.