As the leading integrated energy services company, Shawcor is responsible for protecting the integrity of operational assets across the world. Succeeding in our current markets and pursuing our growth vision is made possible by our people. In addition to intelligence, dedication and professionalism, we look for individuals who embody our values. These include integrity, execution and technology, with a foundation of accountability, respect and doing the right thing. Integrity is the foundation on which we were built. And it’s not just in how we operate—it’s behind every product we engineer. Its part of every new project we take on. And it’s the promise that we give our customers. At Shawcor, we have built a true team environment where all employees are empowered to contribute to the success of the company. The Pipeline Performance business unit focuses on protecting pipelines by using industry-leading technologies. It’s made up of four companies – Bredero Shaw, Canusa-CPS, Dhatec and Socotherm – who together offer full-service support for our customers’ projects. They offer Advanced coating technologies and logistics services for maximum protection and throughput. We want you to join our team! The Business Analyst assists the WH Sr. Vice President and WH Controller with special projects and business analysis. Provides analysis and recommendations for new business opportunities. Prepares financial and business related analyses and research in such areas as financial and expense performance, rates of return, depreciation, working capital and investments. Prepares forecasts and analyzes trends in manufacturing, sales and general business. Complies and prepares reports of data development. Assists in development of business planning for corporate and other departments. Job Responsibilities Analysis o Assist with the analysis of corporate development initiatives including valuations, due diligence, contract preparation and negotiation. o Monthly TOU meetings and coordination. o Provide analysis of monthly operating performance. Business Development o Prepare and analyze new projects/expansions/strategic concepts and opportunities for PPG. o Support regional initiatives. o Gather, process and distribute competitive intelligence. Reporting o Coordinates completion and assists in the composition of the Business Plan. o Prepares monthly (flash, MRM, variances, sensitivities, major projects, bank guarantees) quarterly reports and quarterly presentations. o Sales Force coordination and reporting for WH including open orders reports. Presentations o Prepare and edit presentations for upper management. § Bookings / backlog forecasting and analysis § Revenue, Bookings by Geomarkets § Business Plan Documents Requirements 3-5 years of experience MBA Bachelor's Degree: Engineering (preferred) or Business Administration Good planning and organization skills Strong analytical skills and strategic skills Business research and valuation experience Good oral and written communication skills Interpersonal and negotiation skills Computer literate (technical and other) Team player and self motivated Ability to produce work with limited supervision We thank all applicants for their interest; however we cannot accept telephone calls regarding this position. All recruiting activities are managed via our applicant tracking system. Please apply online to be considered for this opportunity. Shawcor welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the recruitment and selection process. To begin a conversation about your individual accessibility needs throughout our recruitment process, please contact our HR team at accessibility@shawcor.com.