Overview Cerium Networks, the leading Unified Communications (UC) provider in the Northwest, has an immediate employment opportunity for an energetic, professional Contact Center Solutions Architect. This position can be located in any of Cerium’s offices or can work remotely from a home office but must be located in the Pacific Northwest region. The primary role for this position is to support Contact Center presales activities including demos, discovery, design requirements and proposal responses. Design and quote contact center solutions including implementation services. Assist in maintaining ecosystem partner relationships to ensure alignment with contact center portfolio. Responsibilities Provide sales and implementation support for contact center solutions within the defined contact center portfolio. Provide and analyze contact center solution designs to insure their accuracy and that it is the most effective design in meeting the defined customer requirements. Provide customer demos utilizing Cerium’s demo environment as well as manufacture provided demo solutions. Utilize these environments to look for contact center solution offer opportunities that will benefit our customer base and market space. Conduct Contact Center consulting with the customer’s line of business to provide assessments and best practice recommendations both on a pre-sales and paid customer engagement basis. Respond to customer request for information and proposals regarding contact center solutions producing and providing necessary content to support requirements. Communicate proactively and effectively with customers. Provide training, webinars, whitepapers as necessary to establish Cerium as the technology leader in Contact Center. Maintain effective communications with the other practice solution architects within Cerium so that they are aware of the contact center solutions impact and requirements on the UC platform and network infrastructure. Provide internal training as necessary to the technical organization on contact center solutions to enhance Cerium’s implementation and support capabilities. Establish professional relationships with customers and work to build trust in the relationship. Assist in providing accurate implementation pricing of contact center solutions. Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in related field. Minimum 5 years related experience and training in Contact Center Operations and Solutions. Advanced Manufacturer certifications preferred. Knowledgeable of the latest contact center technology and how it integrates into the customers’ environment including UC infrastructure, CRM, and web based applications. Knowledgeable of the latest contact center operation trends including resource management, reporting and analytics, structure, and work flow. Working knowledge of: Avaya Contact Center Solutions and/or Cisco UCCX and/or Enghouse Solutions Worforce Optimization Solutions Contact Center solution integration to CRM preferred Confident presenting to customers for the purpose of providing solution demos, roadmap discussions, and design discovery conversations. Travel 20%