At Lockheed Martin-Space (LMS) we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and visionary thinking, everything is within our reach – and yours as a LM employee. LM values your skills, training and education. Come and experience your future! The selected candidate will function as an Information System Security Officer in Sunnyvale, CA. Candidate must be able to multi-task and work independently. Knowledge of the ICD 503 and the Risk Management Framework. This position requires the development and implementation of government approved information security procedures and system security plans for the operation of networked and standalone classified computers systems, as well as coordinating government agency approvals/accreditation. Must have solid technical knowledge on how to configure, harden, and manage the security posture on Windows based information systems. Consult on the design, development, integration, and analysis of classified computing systems. Candidate will be responsible for periodic system self-inspections/testing, weekly system audits, conduct media reviews and comprehensive investigations of computer security incidents, coordinating with other organizations for expertise as needed. Additional scope will include policy interpretation, ongoing guidance and direction to onsite personnel on Information System Security issues, and participation in applicable Review Boards and Technical Exchange Meetings. Individual will interact with customer personnel on a regular basis regarding ongoing compliance and to coordinate system modifications. Venture into the world of security that most people know only know from headlines and sci-fi. Become part of the Cyber team at Lockheed Martin. You are meant to make a difference! Desired Skills: Experience with Security Directives, Policies, Publications and Regulations Excellent communications skills BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 5 plus years in IT Systems/Information Assurance experience Experience in network security and systems certifications NIST Special Publications 800 Series DoD 8570 compliant certification or be able to attain within 6 months Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.