The Cargo Claims Agent is responsible for administering cargo claims and their respective subrogation needs as required. This includes but is not limited to gathering and researching all documents associated with a pending claim in an urgent but detailed fashion. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Open Claims that are submitted via the Claims Desk on the Intranet Send Notice of Intents (NOI’s) to Carriers involved in the transportation that resulted in a claim. Check Freight Paid Status in ECC to update claims on the claims desk. Contact Carriers for Proof of Delivery (POD’s) Attached claim paperwork to the claims desk once received via email, mail and/or fax from the claimant. Request checks on the Intranet for Settlement Payments for claims. Send out Denial Letters to claimants Update claimants on claims statuses when they send in a status update via email. Attached Certificates of Insurance (COI) to the Intranet Team member and internal customer of RGL Compliance team @ EXO. Subject Matter Expert for cargo claims at RGL and all subsidiary companies. Learns and pro-actively communicates “claims prevention tips and techniques” to Stations and RGL management. Develop working relationships with key Radiant carriers that may be involved in a cargo claim to expedite claim processing, subrogation, and claims prevention actions. Foster an environment of continuous improvement throughout the organization by embracing process improvement, quality metrics, technology and change management in order to meet and exceed claims and quality objectives. Report all claims, and subrogation statistics as required or requested by management. Produce a quarterly Claims & Claims Prevention Newsletter for publication to the Station network with oversite and approval by department management. Adhere to all company policies, procedures and guidelines, such as the Code of Conduct, assigned work schedules, and attendance requirements Perform other duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS 1-2 years’ experience with Cargo claims, and / or Freight Forwarding administration. Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to organize, prepare and assemble documents or reports containing data from several sources. Ability to recognize, prevent and resolve problem situations. Ability to be a team player and establish priorities and meet goals. Ability to work well under pressure. Ability to respond to complex inquiries or complaints from internal and external customers or regulatory agencies. Ability to effectively present information to management and clients. Ability to define problems collects data, establish facts and draw valid conclusions. Computer Skills Intermediate level – Must be proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, and Internet Explorer. Education and/or Experience Business Administration, Transportation, Finance, and administrative experience or related field is preferred. Four years’ experience progressive work experience Language Skills Requires excellent oral and written communication skills. Mathematical Skills Experience performing internal paperwork audits and compiling data metrics. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations or Professional Designations: Must be able to pass a TSA Security Threat Assessment Must be a U.S. Citizen or Legal Permanent Resident ABOUT US Radiant Global Logistics is a comprehensive North American provider of third party logistics and multimodal transportation services. As a non-asset provider, with minimal investment in equipment, the company delivers advanced supply chain solutions through a network of company-owned and strategic operating partner locations across North America under the Radiant®, Radiant Wheels™, Radiant Clipper™, On-Time™, Airgroup®, Adcom®, DBA™, Service By Air™, and Highways and Skyways™ network brands. Our network now extends to over 100 locations across North America. Through its comprehensive service offering, the company provides domestic and international freight forwarding services, truck and rail brokerage services and other value-added supply chain management services, including customs brokerage, order fulfillment, inventory management and warehousing to a diversified account base including manufacturers, distributors and retailers using a network of independent carriers and international agents positioned strategically around the world. BENEFITS Radiant Global Logistics offers a competitive benefits package to our full- time employees. Radiant Global Logistics is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to promoting a culturally diverse workforce.