Business Operations Associate Profile Dallas TX | Austin TX | Santa Clara CA Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in business, finance, computer science or a related field from an accredited institution. MBA preferred. Minimum 2-4 years relevant business experience preferred. 2-3 years in reporting or financial analysis preferred. Medical device or pharmaceutical experience preferred. Demonstrated quantitative aptitude. Experience with customer databases, data warehousing, business intelligence tools, ERP systems, and system solutions. Tableau, Expandable experience preferred. Proven communication, problem solving, and presentation ability. Strong computer skills – strong knowledge of Microsoft Office products. Expert-level Excel skills including familiarity with lookups, pivot tables, macros, visual basic, and other advanced excel functions. Familiarity with basic accounting principles. Capacity to manage multiple projects and make deadlines utilizing time management skills. Team player with a positive attitude and ability to influence others. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Develop, analyze, provide recommendations, and distribute sales reporting tools to track performance and trends for sales force and senior management. Assist in developing sales quotas and monthly/quarterly forecasts. Develop and track key sales metrics. Perform ad hoc analyses to assist management in achieving sales goals and financial objectives. Calculate sales commissions and resolve issues related to commissions, any other items between field sales and internal departments. Develop understanding of ERP system and serve as a resource for sales, finance, and customer service departments. Create presentations on sales trends, key sales metrics, and sales force profitability for senior management and the Board of Directors. Analyze market data and trends to support product and market development opportunities. Create and update sales coverage maps, territory lists, and key accounts. Maintain account assignments. Provides logistics/organizational support for product launches. Assist with annual planning, budgeting and forecasting. Prepare monthly financial reports and analyses for management.