At McKinstry, we’re proud to be a collective group of innovators and problem solvers, builders and engineers, mentors and students. We strive to create a safe and engaging work environment that empowers you to do the work you are passionate about. We believe deeply that energy and facility services, engineering and construction are revolutionizing the built environment – and if you’re driven by our mission to transform ideas into meaningful relationships and together, build a thriving planet, McKinstry may be the place for you. Total collaboration and a diverse, employee-centric work experience are what we can provide you. Integrated delivery and true consultative partnership are what you will help us provide for our clients. Our culture is what differentiates us and because of this, we seek exceptional talent that believes what we believe. Here's where you come in: We are currently seeking an Human Resource Consultant to join our team as a member of our growing Infrastructure division. You're great at: HR Business Partner Support Prepares and processes PCN’s as required. Conducts initial intake for employee relations issues. Conducts investigations and recommends potential outcomes of employee relations issues under the general direction of a Human Resources Business Partner. Creates ad hoc reports, via HR.net, as requested. Researches employee eligibility for rehire or transfer. Audits activities as necessary to ensure consistent and equitable application of company policies and practices. Creates transitions letters to memorialize employee activity including, but not limited to promotions, transfers, off-cycle pay rate changes, department changes, relocations, job title changes and separations. Completes exit paperwork/interviews and identifies trends in data by client group. Serves as acting Human Resources Business Partner for assigned teams/managers. Direct Client Support Advises clients on job changes, promotions, pay alignment, etc.; Identifies pitfalls and recommends changes as needed. Assists with off cycle compensation changes and promotions. Serves as a liaison between clients and HR Operations. Advises managers on questions of attendance and leaves of absence; Collaborates with HR Operations leave team as needed. Supports clients in compliance-related activities as needed. Develops solid business acumen for assigned client groups including financials, short term and strategic plans, its specific culture and competition. Develops relationships with key leaders in assigned client groups including regularly scheduled 1:1 meetings. Coaches managers in interpreting the employee survey results and serves as an advisor as action plans are created. Monitors and manages client activities within performance management processes. Provides day-to-day performance management guidance to front-line managers including coaching, counseling, career development and course correction. Supports managers in performance correction activities and documentation. HR Project Support Provides support (which may include project lead) to specific projects such as employee survey, HRBP process documentation, record keeping, compensation reviews, talent planning, performance management, job family changes, on boarding, etc. What we would like to see from you: Bachelor’s degree in Business or Human Resources field or equivalent work experience required. Four (4) years of experience in Human Resources required. At least two (2) years of experience as an HR Generalist or equivalent relevant work experience preferred. PHR/SPHR or equivalent experience preferred. Previous experience in a union environment preferred. Intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite - Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook and Visio required; working knowledge of SharePoint preferred. Intermediate working knowledge of HRIS systems preferred. Working knowledge of Federal, State and local employment law preferred. The McKinstry group of companies are equal opportunity employers. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and qualified applicants without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, race, color, creed, marital status, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other basis protected by law. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment including, but not limited to employment, advancement, assignment, and training. McKinstry is committed to strengthening our diversity through recruiting and retaining minority and women professionals from all backgrounds. Our commitment is consistent with our recognition that it is the outstanding people within McKinstry who have always been the source of our strength. We recognize that promoting diversity is an integral component of our continuing quest for organizational excellence. This commitment to Equal Employment Opportunity is made equally as a social responsibility and as an economic and business necessity. McKinstry is a drug-free workplace. Employment is contingent upon successfully passing a pre-employment drug and alcohol test, complying with the requirements of the Immigration Reform and Control Act and a Confidentiality Agreement, in addition to successful outcomes of background and reference checks. Anyone with questions or concerns regarding Equal Employment Opportunity should contact their direct supervisor or the Human Resources Department without fear of retaliation of any kind. Back Share Apply Now