Technical Support Specialists provide extraordinary support to our customers primarily using live chat, but also over the phone and via support tickets. What is cool about this job In Customer Support the entire company has your back. From development to the operations team, we support initiatives to increase your efficiency, allowing you to focus on providing an amazing experience for our clients. You are fully empowered to do your job, while ensuring the customer’s experience is the best it can be. At WP Engine we offer careers, not jobs. Start out in support and choose your path. We train and promote from within and support continued learning. The day to day Responsible for all customer support issues. That means you'll be the one our customers turn to when they have a question or problem and providing the solution should be your top priority! Apply creative problem-solving techniques to identify the source of problems while at the same time keeping the customer updated with progress of the issue. Take the initiative to learn about the customer, understand their problem, and figure out the best way to fix it. Be well-versed in all the parts and services involved in running a website. WordPress is at the top of the list, but you'll need to be familiar with plugins, database servers, DNS, FTP, SFTP, and SMTP to name a few. Your expertise and passion 1-2 years experience working in technical support or a customer service position. Technical capability: you have strong troubleshooting skills and are able to easily identify problem. WordPress: you have built, installed or supported a WordPress website. DNS: you understand what CNAME and A Records are. Basic network fundamentals: You understand traceroute and can use ping. FTP: If you know what SFTP is and why you should use it, that's even better. Basic knowledge of Linux command line and SSL. Able to type 50 - 60 WPM. Customer focused: You're a people person who looks forward to helping the person who just called you for help. Team focused: Collaboration with your peers isn't something you just talk about, you believe it and help keep it going. Able to multitask: You can handle multiple requests at once, but you can tell which ones take priority. Detail oriented: You like to take detailed notes of what you're doing so others can see what steps you've taken to help the customer. We work as a team and having detailed notes helps everyone. Excellent communicator: What you say to customers and how you say it matters in delivering service excellence. Basic knowledge of WordPress Plugins and Themes a plus, but not required. The perks & benefits Compensation (We offer market competitive salaries) Stock Options (Every employee is an owner in the company) Health Benefits (100% Paid Employee Medical, Dental, and Vision) 401(k) (Make the most of retirement) Life and Disability Insurance (100% Paid Life, STD, LTD and AD&D) Generous Vacation Time (Who doesn’t like time off) Transportation (Downtown parking or commuter reimbursement) Lunch provided Gym membership discount