Silicon Valley Bank serves many of the most innovative companies in the world. Our clients are forward thinkers. True believers. Optimists. Game-changers. Inspired by them, we're changing the face of banking. We need technology experts with the same can-do attitude as our clients. We're looking for creative thinkers who want to create a truly seamless banking experience on a global scale. When you join the SVB team, you help bring our clients’ world- changing ideas to life. The Product Development and Channel Delivery group is a team of product management, user experience and business implementation professionals that are responsible for SVB’s cash management products and digital channels. As a Business Analyst, you will be responsible for elicitation, identification, analysis, definition and management of business requirements for our digital channels across the project lifecycle, to ensuring high quality projects and solutions are delivered. This role report to the Product Development and Channel Delivery group. ESSENTIAL DUTIES: Lead and manage the business requirements process across the project lifecycle for the Product Development and Channel Delivery group. Elicit and document the business requirements in collaboration with key stakeholders in the business and in IT. Use elicitation techniques such as brainstorming, requirement workshops, focus groups and others. Analyze and interpret requirements for their viability against the business objectives. Ensure all requirements are traceable against the defined customer experience. Partner with the business owners to prioritize requirements to ensure the right requirements are included considering the scope and schedule of projects. Ensure all key stakeholders understand the requirements and obtain written approval on requirements. Validate any new requirements for their effect and impact on the existing requirements of the project. Document, communicate, and get approval for changes. Support and maintain the requirements repository and ensure the quality of requirements, traceability, and re-usability. Work independently and in collaboration with teams located across the enterprise - the SVB business owners, partners, sponsors and the SVB project managers and the Business Requirements Organization. Interact with the larger ePMO team to communicate status and other relevant information. Apply standard templates and processes from the Business Requirements Organization and COE to the business requirements process within the Product Development and Channel Delivery group. Collaborate with the Business Requirements Organization and COE to continuously improve the business requirements practice across SVB. The above duties and responsibilities are representative of the nature and level of work assigned and are not necessarily all-inclusive. LI-EH1 Qualifications Bachelor degree or equivalent combination of education and experience 5+ years of experience building functional and non-functional written requirements using business process diagrams, use cases, user stories and interviews 5+ years of experience with commercial banking and digital products Deep understanding of various requirements capture methodologies, documentation standards, process modeling, and software implementation and test processes Strong elicitation, interviewing, facilitation and observation skills Strong verbal and written communication skills, excellent interpersonal skills, and ability to influence stakeholders at all levels of the organization Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Ability to assess process gaps and recommend best practice solutions Experience with user acceptance testing and collaborating with testing teams Ability to work independently and within a team structure in a dynamic, constantly changing environment Proficient with Microsoft products such as Excel, PowerPoint, Word and Microsoft Office Visio Ability to travel on occasion to other SVB offices and locations