The Director of Enterprise Network Services reports to the Director IT System Services. This position has lead responsibilities for WAN (Wide Area Network) and selected LAN (Local Area Network) for approximately 56,000 users statewide, within HHS agencies and external partners. Key responsibility for requirements analysis, design, development, monitoring and change management activities across the technologies and entities of the Network. Ensures incidents are mitigated and the root-cause of the incident is resolved; engages other internal/external entities to include the original equipment manufacturer (OEM) to resolve problems; rule changes and configurations designs are completed and documented in accordance with Change Management procedures and in compliance with service level agreements (SLA); system level configuration changes to network devices and appliances are created in accordance with established Change Management procedures and in compliance with SLA; standards are met for the automation of HHS tools to perform scheduled maintenance functions across all network devices; internal objectives, agency requirements, and resolution requirements are defined and followed; incident management, escalation, and dispatch processes are standardized and consistent with HHS policies and procedures; complex network designs encompass multiple technologies within the HHS enterprise network; new network technologies are evaluated and makes recommendations to project managers regarding the integration of these technologies into the existing network; and effective integration and optimal network performance for new configurations and systems being added to the network. Works under minimal supervision, with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Essential Job Functions: Oversees the daily operations, activities and budget for Enterprise Network Services department. Provides vision, leadership, and strategic direction essential to ensuring efficient and effective IT services to HHS customers. Directs the overall planning, implementation, coordination, and evaluation of Network Services. Responsibilities include establishing goals, ensuring plans are in place and properly executed, organizing the work based upon best practices, and overseeing day-to-day operations. (20%) Develops and directs the implementation of strategic and tactical planning of LAN/WAN environments for internal customers, including discovery and documentation of user requirements before development design and programming. This includes but not limited to, evaluating network technologies for potential acquisition and directs the evaluation of various hardware and software resources to identify strengths, weaknesses and potential benefits to the agency. (15%) Establishes priorities and manages resources to achieve unit, division, enterprise goals and coordinating and evaluating units activies and budgets. Develop/follow procedures for LAN/WAN administration (e.g., security, reliability) (15%) Manages and directs complex implementation of hubs, networks, routers, and systems hardware; troubleshoot, maintain, upgrade, and provide solutions to complex hardware/software problems; alert management, help desk team, and other IT groups when sensitive issues arise or a major problem is suspected; minimize client productivity loss caused by technology outages, and provide necessary infrastructure for clients to meet their benefit needs. This includes determining operational, technical, and support requirements for the location, installation, operation and maintenance of agency network systems and supporting technologies. (20%) Identify solutions through constant interfacing with appropriate management levels, clients, agencies, and vendor organizations to ensure a cost-effective and efficient infrastructure environment is available to provide the essential communications to agency operations. Includes integration of local area network and/or wide area network requirements into the agency's information resources and business plan. (15%) Advises, consults and negotiates with HHS customers in providing services and evaluating performance in meeting customer needs for Network Services functions, consistent with HHS and DIR plans, standards and guidelines. Provides leadership to internal and external teams / committees across the agency and HHS enterprise for the HHS System consolidation/transformation. Leads and oversees the consolidation of services to achieve cost reductions, transparency, and / or improved services. Maintains up-to-date knowledge of other HHS agencies systems plans and negotiates sharing of resources to achieve service levels across agencies. (5%) Oversees budget and human resources for Network Services. Budget includes participation in the legislative appropriations process and managing various issues related to planning of and limitations to the operating budget for Systems Engineering. Human resource elements include staffing, job classification, interview and selection, supervision, coaching, counseling, developing staff, and handling adverse personnel actions, problem solving and conflict resolution. Also, includes participation in the performance evaluation process, review of performance data, encouraging and recommending appropriate training/development opportunities, and providing accurate and timely feedback to managers and employees. (5%) Ensures compliance with appropriate Federal, State of Texas, and agency laws, rules, regulations, policies, procedures, and Texas procurement regulations. (5%) Knowledge Skills Abilities: In-depth knowledge of network security, command and control architecture and enterprise monitoring methodologies. Extensive experience directing IaaS cloud security environments in support of DevOps environments. •Extensive experience in oversight and management of network contracts, budgets and ensuring vendor contract compliance and service delivery. •Experience with managing network security related audit requests. •Ability to manage assigned department activities; to establish goals and objectives; to devise solutions to complex technology problems; to develop and evaluate network infrastructure policies and procedures; to prepare reports; to communicate effectively; and to plan, assign, and supervise the work of others. •Ability to effectively develop, support, and manage an Enterprise Services Model to deliver reliable and network infrastructure solutions •Knowledge of State of Texas procurement practices and DIR contracts. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Certification as a Certified Texas Contract Manager is required within the first year of service Initial Selection Criteria: Ten (10) years of progressively responsible full time professional experience in technology infrastructure and operations, including at least five (5) years in a senior management capacity. Five (5) years’ experience directing, architecting and managing Network Infrastructure Services, Cloud Services and Security Operations in an enterprise environment. Three (3) + years' experience in ITIL (Information Technology Infrastructure Library) Service Management Processes. Five (5) years experience leading large, geographically distributed IT operations teams in complex and dynamic environments requiring 24 / 7 support Additional Information: Note: There may be no military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. req375639 MOS Code: HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.