Lockheed Martin Advanced Energy Storage is focusing on the development of transformational renewable energy storage technologies that will enable renewable energy sources, such as solar and wind, to power our society anywhere, anytime, and at low cost. We are a small development arm of a mature organization located in Cambridge, MA close to the Alewife T station. This is a full-time, technical position to aid the development of Lockheed Martin Advanced Energy Storage’s novel energy storage technology. The candidate will be responsible for verification and validation testing of large-scale battery installations. The candidate will assess key metrics of battery efficiency and durability and relate these metrics to product performance and life-cycle cost, and will develop relevant experiments under schedule constraints. The candidate will clearly and frequently communicate results to stakeholders within the company. Relocation: Relocation/Housing Stipend is possible for this exciting position. The Locale: Cambridge, Massachusetts and the surrounding communities offer an exciting and vibrant place to work and to live. Cambridge is just across the river from Boston and is located in eastern Massachusetts. Cambridge is home to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Harvard University. Cambridge, is also the birthplace of many startup companies due to the high amount of brain power produced by these schools and also from nearby Tufts University, Boston College, Boston University, Brandies University, Wellesley College, Babson College, and Northeastern University. Nearby communities would include scenic coastal towns such as Swampscott, Salem, and Marblehead. To the west are communities such as Belmont, Brookline, Watertown, Waltham, Lincoln, and Concord. Our Lockheed Martin AES site is located somewhat close to the Alewife Station which is a major MBTA transit hub with access to the Red Line with service to Boston and bus lines with service to surrounding neighborhoods and adjacent communities. If you like living in right in the city, or out in the suburbs, or near the ocean, our location will offer ample choices for you. Where can you get to from Cambridge and Boston? Cape Cod is less than 90 minutes to the southeast. The White Mountains of New Hampshire are 2.5 hours to the north. Providence, RI is about 2 hours to the southwest. Montreal is about 5 hours to the northwest. Desired Skills: We are seeking self-starting individuals with strong technical aptitude and serious interest in renewable energy technologies. Individuals must be flexible, able to adapt to a fast-paced, dynamic work environment, and able to work independently and as part of a group. Relevant experience in energy conversion devices (e.g. PV solar, batteries, fuel cells, electrolyzers) is highly desirable. Demonstrated experience and proficiency for rigorous experimental design and hands-on execution is desired. Programming experience in MATLAB, Python, and/or Excel VBA is desired. Experience in design-of-experiments and software development for rapid data reduction is desired. A familiarity with experimental electrochemical methods is also highly desirable. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelors degree in chemical or mechanical engineering or related field. Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.