Job Description Research Engineer - IVI Software Architect Job description: Research Engineer - IVI Software Architect positions offered by Ford Motor Company (Dearborn, MI). Participate in the design and implementation of In- Vehicle Infotainment software platform and write code. Design and implement strategies for reducing the cost and risk of new and enhanced features. Align software strategy with platform hardware and tools teams. Minimum Requirements: Requires a bachelor's or foreign equivalent degree in electronic engineering, software engineering or a related field 4 years of experience in the job offered or 4 years of experience using C++ 2 years of experience performing Agile software development, code review and CI 2 years of experience performing QNX development on event-driven embedded targets 1 year of experience performing QNX board bring up or driver development 1 year of experience developing or troubleshooting cross-module communication over automotive CAN networks 1 year of experience integrating 3rd party SDK into an embedded target, including navigation, media, and Bluetooth 1 year of experience performing GUI development for embedded target using Qt, Elektrobit Guide or HMI development tool The distance between imagination and …. Creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. And, it can be a road you start traveling right now. When you join Ford Motor Company, your journey begins. You become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. At Ford Motor Company, the distance between you and an amazing career has never been shorter. Join the Ford team today, and discover the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. Ford Motor Company also is committed to take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment such persons.