Why Moss Adams Why Moss Adams? Moss Adams brings more West to business. At Moss Adams, we’re excited by the greatness of possibility and the extraordinary potential for companies and individuals to prosper. With more than 2,900 professionals across 30-plus locations in the West and beyond, we provide the world’s most innovative companies with specialized accounting, consulting, and wealth management services to help them embrace emerging opportunities. Introduction to the team We are currently seeking a Business Valuation Analyst in our office. The Business Valuation Analyst is responsible for conducting financial statement and valuation analysis, preparing industry and economic outlooks, valuation report writing, and conducting specific valuation research projects in regards to the valuation of closely-held businesses. The Business Valuation group is recognized as a leading specialist in the valuation of businesses, securities, and intangible assets for a wide range of tax, transaction, compliance purposes. Responsibilities: Ability to work as part of a team for larger projects Attention to detail & accuracy Analytical and creative problem solving skills Team player and deadline oriented Ability to multi-task and set workload priorities in a fast-paced environment Ability to analyze client financial statements Deliver outstanding client service Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in finance, accounting, economics or related field required Minimum of 1 year of related experience required Experience with a public accounting background or Audit background is a plus Candidate will be expected to prepare for the CFA and ASA designations, etc. Proficient with Microsoft Office applications, specifically Excel Flexibility with travel and hours Moss Adams is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law.