Job Description This high impact, high visibility position is part of Payment Systems Intelligence - a key component of Global Risk's Payment Fraud Disruption (PFD) initiative. PFD's team of technology experts are vital to Visa's efforts to identify, investigate, disrupt and prevent attacks targeting the global payment ecosystem. This role will specifically aid in the all-source and technical analysis of cybercrime and fraud operations targeting the global payments ecosystem. The Sr. Analyst will be the primary all-source intelligence analyst, researching, drafting, publishing, and presenting client-facing and public intelligence reports on behalf of Visa Inc. Key measures of success for this position include: reduced successful cyber fraud targeting merchants and financial institutions, the ability to support early identification of common points of purchase through intelligence and compromised payment card reporting, rapid response, triage and analysis of technical forensic investigation reports and ability to conduct cyber analysis of investigation reports. This position will be filled in October 2018. Primary Responsibilities: Draft, publish, and present intelligence reporting for multiple audiences, including senior leadership, external clients, and for public consumption Identify new fraud and cybercrime threats to the payments ecosystem and communicate them to relevant stakeholders Triage and analysis of forensic investigation reports, identification of technical correlations between the reports, and ability to develop digital infrastructure maps (domains, IPs, malware variants) of overlapping cybercrime operations. Provide intelligence and technical analysis support to the Investigations team during official PCI forensic investigations. Analyze compromised payment card data from multiple reporting sources in order to identify compromised points of purchase (merchant breaches). SECONDARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Identify new fraud and cybercrime threats to the payments ecosystem and communicate them to relevant stakeholders. Provide intelligence and technical analysis support to the Global Risk organization to further protect the payment ecosystem. Conduct all-source analysis of cybercrime and fraud tools, methods, and attacks in order to communicated these threats to internal Visa partners and external clients Provide presentations to global audiences on cybercrime and fraud threats impacting the payments ecosystem Other duties as assigned. Qualifications REQUIRED: 5-10 years’ experience in payment card or information security industry, all-source cyber intelligence organizations, investigating payment card, cybercrime fraud or Bachelor’s degree with real-word experience Excellent written, oral and presentation skills and an ability to synthesize information and make clear, concise recommendations on course of action Moderate understanding of networks, risk management, network security, digital forensics, and security operations Ability to identify emerging cybercrime and fraud techniques in a fast-paced, highly technical environment. Understand network and system vulnerabilities and provide recommended counter measures or mitigating controls to reduce payments risk to an acceptable and manageable level. Conduct in-depth fraud analysis in support of investigations and present findings to clients or internal partners Leverage assistance from local, state and federal law enforcement agencies investigating incidents of fraud Adaptable and able to work well in a fast paced, team oriented environment Prior experience with data analytics, visualization tools and concepts Proficiency with drafting detailed, technical reports Ability to respond after-hours, weekends and holidays to major fraud events Passion for fraud schemes and cybercrime investigations Good interpersonal, facilitation, and demonstrated emerging leadership skills Understanding of payments process and cybercrime and fraud techniques Able to operate at an advanced level of written and spoken communication; write and speak effectively with impact Capable of delivering presentations and comfortably interacting with all levels of Visa and client management Previous experience in developing and producing reports to executive management Ability to prepare reports on meaningful trends and fraud stats High level of self-motivation and initiative PREFERRED EXPERIENCE: Knowledge of transactions, systems processing transactions and overall transaction process. Concepts, terms, processes, policy and implementation of information security Intelligence databases and analytical tools or similar intelligence reporting systems Analysis of cyber threat intelligence and fraud intelligence. CISSP, CHFI, CEH, GIAC certifications Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.