JOB SUMMARY: The Project Engineer is responsible for providing technical support for the Order Winning, Order Fulfillment and field service of engineered-to-order (ETO) business. The objective is to develop drawings and documentation to meet customer specification and order requirements and translate the requirements into our business systems. This position will communicate and collaborate with every level, working particularly close in supporting project managers. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Position will design and detail engineer Grundfos Engineered-To-Order systems including: Fire Package Systems, HVAC Systems and Plumbing Systems. Design of water side distribution system including pumps selection, design of piping system and ancillary equipment with the scope of supply. Perform technical review and data collection from customer documentation and technical standards Identify preorder and quotation requirements through early order screening process Obtain supplier quotes for custom and special components in cooperation with the ETO Buyer Must be able to explore design options and implement design concepts Engineer and design customer specific drawings and documentation from customer specifications, drawings, purchase order and order write up including Prepare and compile shop drawing submittal package. This includes obtaining and qualifying supplier submittal data packages Review returned submittal and shop drawings for changes in cooperation with the Project Manager Update supplier quotes to reflect approved equipment (as required) Coordinate and conduct factory testing as required by Scope of Supply. Create testing configuration drawings as required. Compile installation, operation and maintenance (IOM) package, including creation of job-specific IOMs and qualification of all supplier documentation Perform work, promote teamwork and communicate in conjunction with our culture and corporate standards (Safety/Environmental, Quality, Continuous Improvement, Communication, Internal Controls, etc.) Maintain a well-organized, accurate and up-to-date record of the progression of all assigned projects Maintains and demonstrates a culture of collaboration Other duties as assigned. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Working knowledge of design software AutoCAD, Solid Works, Catia, etc. Experience in Fire Package Systems and HVAC design a plus Good communication skills, both oral and written are a must. A strong work ethic is very important including multitasking ability Understanding of pump principals, pump construction, hydraulics, application of products, and accessories a plus Knowledge of national and/or international standards a plus, particularly NFPA 20 Must have a strong familiarity of computer software including: Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Access, Power Point, Adobe Acrobat, etc.) Must have ability to develop a positive relationship our Customers, sales, production, procurement, quality, and all other internal teams. May be required to travel to meetings with Customers and to field sites EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: Must have a minimum of a four-year technical or engineering degree or equivalent experience in design or applications role Experience with rotating and hydraulic equipment including drivers, controls, and interface is desired Manufacturing related experience is a plus _Peerless Pump is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer_