Shipping and Receiving Coordinator- Austin TX NVIDIA is looking for a Shipping and Receiving Coordinator to join our team. You'll be responsible for sending and packing up of products and processing shipping and receiving paperwork. Maintains open communication with employees on shipment status, questions, and provides proof of deliveries upon request. Aligns with regional support teams on shipping and receiving processes throughout the shipping/delivery cycle. What you'll be doing: Ability to pack up products for shipping, including some heavy lifting and manual handling. Receives and processes inbound shipments, including mail. You'll act as the point of contact and provide customer service support for NV offices/issues and queries. Creates shipping documents and schedules transportation bookings with carriers. You'll be monitoring the incoming/outgoing shipments for delays in transit and/or customs import/export related issues; troubleshoots exceptions. Liaises as required with shipment requestor/vendor, forwarder/courier, and Global Trade Compliance representative to ensure timely delivery and/or goods receipt. Root-causes damage and loss with freight forwarder/courier and follows up on obtaining corrective action plans through the SCAR process. You will maintain updates for the Corporate Claim Log for lost and damaged shipment claims as required and submits claims. Coordinates expedited shipments (e.g., Speed-of-light, Hand-carries, Express services, same-day services, etc.) with carriers and destinations to set proper expectations for internal/external customers. Ensures correct pre-alert parties and timely pre-alerts are obtained and sent for smooth clearances. Monitoring and crafting daily-carrier exceptions and in-transit reports for delays and be able to work with carriers to get the shipments moving in a timely manner. Educating internal customers with most cost-effective routing/carrier/service information. Proposes best carriers and INCOTERMS to internal/external customers to ensure NVIDIA’s Routing Guide is being aligned with (e.g., PO’s, Marketing shipments, etc.) Provides cost and transit time quotes to internal/external customers (including PO vendors). Communicates and audits compliance to Lithium Battery shipping and import/export requirements, as provided by NVIDIA Logistics and Global Trade Depts. Approving freight invoices and supports Finance with cost center queries Maintains hard and soft copy shipping records. What we need to see: 2-3 years of experience in international and domestic transportation including awareness of import/export documentation and regulations. Working knowledge of Express Courier Ship and Track and Trace systems (e.g., FedEx/DHL/UPS) and Incoterms. Ability to lift up to 50 lbs. Works independently with little direction/supervision. Is eager to take ownership and follow-through the issues independently. Computer skills including Microsoft Office applications with emphasis on Excel. Clear analytical, written & presentation skills. Able to successfully handle a dynamic workload with minimal intervention from Management. Customer service skills with ability to develop positive relationships within teams and customer-minded outlook. Think logically and analytically. You'll have a problem-solving mindset with the ability to do in-depth research. Professional, organized, and able to meet deadlines in a rapidly changing environment of multi-task tactical operations. Strong work ethic and dedication to your work. Ability to work after hours and weekends for periodic urgent customer shipment support as needed. 2-year degree, or specialized logistics training a plus. Preferred IATA and ADR Dangerous Goods shipping experience/knowledge. SAP Experience a plus. NVIDIA is leading the way in groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery, and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for phenomenal people like you to help us accelerate the next wave of artificial intelligence. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.