Description At Pearson, we’re committed to a world that’s always learning and to our talented team who makes it all possible. From bringing lectures vividly to life to turning textbooks into laptop lessons, we are always re-examining the way people learn best, whether it’s one child in our own backyard or an education community across the globe. We are bold thinkers and standout innovators who motivate each other to explore new frontiers in an environment that supports and inspires us to always be better. By pushing the boundaries of technology — and each other to surpass these boundaries — we create seeds of learning that become the catalyst for the world’s innovations, personal and global, large and small. The Customer Success Specialist is a key member of the North America Services Organization, reporting into the Director of Faculty Advisement. This position is responsible for working across K-12 schools to guide the success and overall satisfaction of Pearson’s Higher Education digital products. The HeCW Customer Success Specialist is tasked with access code management, teacher onboarding, and training. This position works to ensure customers are setup with the right Pearson digital access, oriented to the digital user experience, and prepared to manage the experience of onboarding their students. Using an established set of customer success milestones, the Customer Success Specialist is also responsible for equipping teachers with the necessary skills, information, and on-going training they need to maximize the impact of Pearson digital product(s) in their course each term. To be successful in this role, the Customer Success Specialist must be technically savvy, able to quickly master Pearson digital products, systems and processes; They must have strong time management skills, be able to think critically and prioritize and handle multiple concurrent requests; They will also need to have great attention to detail, tremendous empathy and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, handling large volume without sacrificing quality. They must be successful in basic account management, proactively identifying customers and customer needs prior to school start each semester. Most importantly, they must have a passion for education and helping teachers succeed in the classroom. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Access, Setup and Onboarding (50%): Maintain technical proficiency of Pearson’s digital products and ensure swift and accurate onboarding of teachers; Ensure appropriate access, proper course setup and configuration. Manage a process for access code distribution and renewals against contracts Ensure instructors are able to enroll students for the first day of class and are prepared to handle student FAQs. Advise educators on features and functionality to facilitate assignment creation, proper Gradebook setup, reporting & more. Responsible for achieving daily/weekly/monthly contact goals and customer satisfaction scores. Effectively manage large volume around spring and fall term starts while maintaining strong customer satisfaction & quality scores. Training & Assistance (50%): Manage high volume of email, responding to instructor questions on features and functionality. Develop proactive outreach campaign to target large numbers of customers with scalable self serve solutions around established success milestones. Conduct virtual training sessions with instructors to help them implement Pearson’s digital products in accordance with best practices and their desired student learning outcomes. Develop guides, tutorials and/or instructional videos as needed. Collaborate with Support, Sales, and Product teams to monitor the instructor experience and resolve any issues; Provide some digital troubleshooting to gather case information to escalate to technical support. Maintain strong working knowledge of Pearson Higher Ed product and service offerings in K-12 market Responsible for maintaining high customer satisfaction & quality scores. Lead and/or participate in other projects as needed Qualifications IRED REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s degree required High School teaching experience highly preferred Prior use of Pearson MyLab or Mastering products a plus Customer service, account management experience preferred Experience with online education and Learning Management Systems a plus SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE/ABILITIES High achievement: recognition for excelling in a college and work environment Motivation: the drive to achieve beyond what is expected Interest in education and educational technology: experience or curiosity about therole of technology in achieving learning outcomes. Technical proficiency: strong digital skills and ability to quickly learn and apply new technologies Communication skills: excellent verbal, written, andtrainingskills. Time Management: Ability to handle large volume while meeting quality goals. Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office applications and Google Applications Critical and creative thinker: ability to reinvent the way we approach customers to maximize success in our onboarding and training efforts Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Primary Location: US-Remote Job: Customer Service Organization: North America Employee Status: Regular Employee Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job Job Posting: Aug 8, 2018 Job Unposting: Ongoing Schedule: Full-time Regular Req ID: 1811281 Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled