JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with operations worldwide. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small business, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at http://www.jpmorganchase.com/. The Global Security & Investigations (GS&I) Team provides investigation, security protection, resiliency and crisis management services in support of J.P. Morgan Chase, its employees, customers, assets, and facilities throughout the world. This responsibility includes the development of security and safety policies and procedures, regulatory and legislative compliance, Security Guard management, alarm response, branch and corporate building security, customer safety, physical crime investigations, workplace violence, fire and life safety, executive protection, due diligence, pre-employment screening, security operations globally, fraud Investigations and cyber security. This mission is executed through the implementation of technology, best in class talent and client collaboration. This position is anticipated to require the use of one or more High Security Access (HSA) systems. Users of these systems are subject to enhanced screening which includes both criminal and credit background checks, and/or other enhanced screening at the time of accepting the position and on an annual basis thereafter. The enhanced screening will need to be successfully completed prior to commencing employment or assignment. This position is an Investigator on the GS &I Regional Investigations team. The position requires an advanced understanding of fraud and risk, working with internal management and the law the enforcement community at the local, state, federal, and international levels. The Investigator will be focused on root cause analysis and quantifying risk, then communicating those findings to management in a fashion that prompts them to initiate systems, process, and procedural change to address the identified areas of concern. Responsibilities Include: Conducts the investigation process with a focus on gathering evidence for investigations. This evidence is then compiled in a logical fashion to identify suspects and perform root cause analysis. Works closely with Risk and other key LOB personnel to analyze controls based on investigation findings and recommend enhancements/remediation. Works effectively with JPMC's cyber technology support teams to discover how frauds occur through a deep understanding of JPMC systems and the processes that support them. Communicates effectively with LOBs when systems or process deficiencies are identified to ensure that they are corrected. Analyzes and identifies fraudulent transactions based on actionable intelligence to mitigate reputation and financial risk. Ensures proper mitigation efforts are taken on any/all significant intelligence leads related to cross channel fraud and risk issues. Recognizes opportunities for addressing fraud issues, risks and exposures. Maintains strong liaison and working relationships with all federal, state and local law enforcement and regulatory agencies, including international enforcement agencies. Develop criterion for items requiring action and to actively seek intelligence that supports specific ongoing investigations or risks. Investigation duties include gathering evidence, interviewing witnesses and suspects, documenting in case management system, working with law enforcement for the prosecution of investigations, complying with regulatory requirements, FP&I (Fraud Prevention & Investigation) policies and identifying control and procedural issues. Completes investigative field work for crimes against the Corporation. May involve forensic investigative analysis to support an investigation. Will come in contact with highly sensitive and confidential information. Bachelor's degree in Criminal Justice, Business, related field or work experience required. Minimum of 10 years experience in financial fraud investigations or related Law Enforcement is preferred Industry recognized certifications such as CFE, PCI, etc. are preferred Knowledge of online banking systems, telephone banking risk management, EFT systems, and/or risk management. A basic understanding of organized criminal groups, online carding groups, digital currencies, and electronic crimes as they relate to electronic fraud. Court room testimony experience is a plus. Experience presenting to an audience regarding fraud or investigations Ability to coordinate, work with and gain the trust of business stakeholders, technical resources, and third-party vendors. Able to articulate sophisticated fact patterns to non-technical line of business risk partners and memorialize investigations into regular reporting requirements. Able to interface with other bank investigators and industry peers in subjects related to cross channel fraud. A demonstrated bias toward action Excellent written and verbal communication skills are required. Ability to communicate effectively with representatives and technology specialists within the Lines of Business. Able to brief GS&I management on key issues in a timely fashion.