Description The foods we make reach customers in many ways. We deliver directly to our customer's homes through our popular food-delivery business, offer well-known retail brands such as _Red Baron®, Freschetta®,_ and _Tony's®_ pizzas, _Pagoda®_ snacks and appetizers, and _Mrs. Smith's®_ and _Edwards®_ desserts, and bring innovative food solutions to our customers in the food-service industry. To learn more, visit us at http://www.schwanscompany.com. As a Director of Warehouse Operations you will beresponsible for developing, communicating, gaining approval, and executing strategies for third party warehouse usage through effective management of costs systems and across the company. With limited interaction with senior management, this position will be the key liaison informing, negotiating, and influencing Vice President level and above. Other Responsibilities Include: Establishes strategic direction for third party warehouses utilized by Schwan's. Leads the review of new and existing sites including: build, buy, or lease decisions. Directs the development and negotiations of contracts for all third party warehouses. Develops and directs working relationships and conducts audits with all third party providers to ensure that the most cost efficient warehousing is used which will satisfy both customers and company requirements. Develops and implements contingency plans in support of third party warehouse operations by visiting and evaluating potential future third party warehouse locations. Manages the development of baselines and financial performance standards in support of logistics/supply chain and business units service to the customers refining and/or reengineering the processes as business conditions and environment changes. Works in conjunction with cross-functional partners to create, communicate, and monitor monthly Key Performance Indicators (KPI’s). Facilitates the development and implementation of loss and damage prevention initiatives in conjunction with the inventory management group. Plans, prepares, and develops budgets as appropriate and applicable to department that reflect improved competitive advantage for the company. Performs ad hoc analysis for internal and external customers using available data resources and tools, performs internal audits, participates in process improvement and continuous improvement efforts. Manages, trains, and develops subordinates. Qualifications Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Supply Chain Management, or equivalent. Years of Related Experience: Typically has 8-10 years of related work experience, preferably in Cold Chain Supply Chain. Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: Intermediate skills in a Windows operating environment including Microsoft Office Suite and Outlook. Understanding of basic accounting analysis and budget processes. Must have the ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously while maintaining the ability to re-direct efforts based on upon shifting demands. Must be able to work with internal customers to provide reporting and explain processes. Possess strong communication analytical problem solving and organizational skills. Must be able to prioritize and meet deadlines. Extensive Travel required. Business Unit: SFC Global Supply Chain, Inc. Req : 18004657