Title: Research Analyst - NGLs Location: Houston Role Purpose This role will focus on North American NGL markets, within our Americas Commodity Analytics Research group. The role holder will support the development and ongoing production of research content related to NGL supply/demand and trade balances, price forecasts and infrastructure development and utilization. Gathering data, updating proprietary models and contributing to the development of the long- and short-term outlooks and other NGL research deliverables will be core to the role. The candidate should be keen to develop industry and client relationships, focus on supporting the commercialization of NGL coverage, learn about the intricacies of the North American market and its impact on international markets, and understand how it interacts with other commodity markets. A client-centric and commercial approach will be essential to deliver success in the role. Main Responsibilities Support development of North American NGL update cycle, including long- and short-term outlooks Contribute to content update process to maintain the publication schedule agreed to with the research leads; communicate status to other teams for integrated content production cycles Develop models and visualizations, update model inputs, develop presentation materials and client solutions for NGL clients Work with data experts to revamp processes, and design and test models and outputs. Maintain and update model input assumptions; recommend changes to data or program structure; interface with data vendors internally and externally Maintain price datasets, capacity and logistics databases Follow North America NGL market activity through analysis of reported data, face-to-face meetings with company contacts, and other sources of information Work with team leadership and thought leaders to develop regional NGL research deliverables, including insights, informs, and potentially other regular deliverables relevant for the market Respond to internal and external inquiries regarding data and analysis focused on the NGL market Additional Responsibilities Understanding of the dynamics of commodity markets (i.e. price behaviour, how logistics costs impact prices, principles of substitute and complementary products, marginal cost/revenue). Broad understanding of the petrochemical industry. Initiative, curiosity, demonstrated interest in the subject matter area. Willing to attend events and form relationships with clients and other Wood Mackenzie teams. Communication and influence management skills. Programming skills in SQL, Python are a plus. People/Team Wood Mackenzie’s NGL team is responsible for our short and long term NGL supply, demand, infrastructure and pricing forecasts and outlooks. The team closely tracks key trends and developments in the industry, and then communicates these to clients. As a research analyst on the team, you will become an integral part of a growing team at the forefront of Wood Makenzie's continued NGL research growth. A creative, collaborative approach and ability to self-start will be essential to adding value to this dynamic team. Knowledge, Skills & Experience Experience in a role that specifically relates to NGLs and/or prior work with an ethylene producer. Prior experience in a deadline-driven environment. Working knowledge of industry terms, experience in the industry or related area; economics, production logistics management, operations research, statistics coursework. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Core Competencies Personal impact Issue identification, problem solving and analysis Building and maintaining relationships Communication Efficiency focused Wood Mackenzie Core Values Wood Mackenzie is a place where we are committed to supporting our people to grow and thrive. We value different perspectives and aspire to create an inclusive environment which encourages diversity and fosters a sense of belonging. Wood Mackenzie values each individual's contribution and helps them reach their full potential while sustaining an organisational culture of health and well-being. Our core values are: Respect for the Individual Integrity Passion Persistence Confidence with humility Excellence Teamwork We understand the importance of bringing your whole self to work and to achieving balance between work, family and other life commitments. We are open to considering flexible working arrangements to enable the greatest spectrum of talent to contribute to Wood Mackenzie's success. EEO Statement Unsolicited resumes submitted to Wood Mackenzie by any external recruitment agency via Internet, e-mail, fax, or U.S. mail become the property of Wood Mackenzie and we are not responsible for any fees associated with those resumes. In compliance with the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities act of 1990 and all other relevant federal and state laws, the policy of this company prohibits discrimination in employment because of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity and/or expression, age, veteran’s status, disability, genetic information or any other group protected by law. Applicants are considered for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity and/or expression, age, veteran’s status, disability, genetic information or any other group protected by law. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access WoodMac.com/careers on-line as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations sending an email to hrenquiries@woodmac.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/V/D, and a member of E-Verify. http://www.eeoc.gov/