Job Title : Big Data Engineer Join us as we build a next-generation analytics platform to serve our world- class agents. As a Big Data Engineer, you’ll help build a platform of robust analytics features that lay the foundation for optimizing agent and broker productivity that bring Realogy’s renowned real estate brands into the next era of data-driven excellence. What we’re looking for: As a Big Data Engineer on the Data Science team your role is to follow the data. You’ll analyze, visualize, and model agent- and sales-related data in order to build and implement machine learning models to make timely decisions. Here at ZapLabs, you’ll have access to unparalleled resources to grow and develop both personally and professionally. What you’ll do: You’ll work with Data Scientists and other Data Engineers to implement ETL processes; to build, train, update, evaluate, and deploy ML models; and to design processes and data models to ensure that ZapLabs data is easy to find and use. As a Big Data Engineer, you’ll work on code that improves our operations and experiences for customers. You will marry state-of-art optimization algorithms with distributed systems engineering to build systems that drive efficiencies in agent and customer workflows. You will contribute to building lasting, scalable data infrastructure. Job duties include: Design, implement, or operate comprehensive data warehouse systems to balance optimization of data access with batch loading and resource utilization factors, according to customer requirements Develop data warehouse data pipelines, including sourcing, loading, transformation, and extraction Create or implement metadata processes and frameworks Create plans, test files, and scripts for data warehouse testing, ranging from unit to integration testing Create supporting documentation, such as metadata and diagrams of entity relationships, business processes, and process flow Design and implement warehouse database structures Develop and implement data extraction procedures from other systems, such as leads, listings, and public records Develop or maintain standards, such as organization, structure, or nomenclature, for the design of data warehouse elements, such as data architectures, models, tools, and databases Implement business rules via stored procedures, middleware, or other technologies. Map data between source systems, data warehouses, and data marts. Design and develop data graphs, charts, reports and visualizations that create agent and broker consumable data features. Job breakdown is: 10% Data Analysis 10% Develop data pipelines 20% Develop data optimization algorithms 20% Develop learning models 20% Develop data lake data models 10% Develop data mart data models 10% Develop data visualizations Skills, accomplishments, & interests you should have: BS in Computer Science or Machine Learning Deep knowledge of computational complexity theory, with ability to code time- and space-efficient algorithms with good scalability. This skill is required due to the familiarity with computer science fundamentals, algorithms and data structures required to be successful in this role Ability to understand and mathematically model practical problems within real estate and/or eCommerce domains Proficient with at least one of the object-oriented languages: Python, Java, C++ Nice to have’s: Solid knowledge in state-of-art algorithms such as random forrest, naïve Bayes used to solve high complexity domains with learning models Experience with building operations research/machine learning algorithms, and productionizing them at scale in a distributed computation environment We’re always looking for folks to join our culture of passionate hobbyists! We have a tendency to nerd out on everything from LOTR and Star Wars to competitive baking to our company soccer team, the Lab Rats. LI-LY1 HTF1