Do you want to help to shape the future of education? Do you want to be part of the team that’s building the applications and services that will revolutionize the learning experience? If yes, then we have just the right opportunity for you! We have a series of new initiatives under our Education team which is chartered with creating unique sets of experiences for students, teachers, administrators and parents. Our goal is to empower every student and teacher in the world to achieve more and help students share their voice. In Education, institutions around the world are defining 1:1 learning initiatives to increase student and educator access to technology and truly enhance the learning opportunities in and outside the classroom. Transforming an education agenda for the 21st Century is about much more than providing a child with a low-cost computing device. Central to the success of these projects is an end to end and holistic approach that combines not just devices, but also systems architecture, applications, content, professional development and training, services and clear definition of outcomes that can be measured and supported by all the stakeholders. Microsoft’s mission is to help students and educators throughout the world realize their full potential by providing real impact for better learning outcomes through Microsoft technology, programs and thought leadership. Responsibilities In what is one of the most exciting areas for both our customers and Microsoft as a company, Microsoft Product Team is looking for experienced, talented leader in the role of Teacher Innovation Lead, responsible for the Educator audience, reporting to the head of User Engagement for Flipgrid. The Teacher Innovation Lead will be responsible for actively engaging the educator community via social media, emails, the Student Voice Ambassador Community, Flipgrid Educators Facebook community, and in-person. The role will need to proactively communicate with the engagement team for Flipgrid/Microsoft Education Product Team and listen to, ideate on, and improve upon current initiatives. Some of these initiatives include: event engagement (attending and hosting), professional development events, blog posts, customer visits, amplifying community educators, and conducting webinars. Qualifications Qualifications are: Bachelor’s Degree in Education or related discipline required. 3+ years of in-classroom education experience 3+ years of engagement experience with an emphasis on teacher and student classroom communication A strong working knowledge of different social media outlets 1+ year of experience working on educational programs involving technology in the classroom, with measurable success metrics and broad communication requirements Bonus Credit for: Deep understanding of core educational issues and trends, both in the United States and internationally Ability to think strategically to bring about successful bold bets for the Educator audience and remain competitive in market Ability to build strong partnerships across organizational lines Understanding of the Education industry and drivers of educator audience within this community Strong presentation, written, and verbal communication skills and working across various geographical and cultural environments as they would serve as spokespeople Demonstrated strategic time management and multi-tasking skills Is a resourceful problem-solver, leveraging internal and partner resources where and when needed to do what’s right for the customer and for the organization Working effectively within a virtual team, taking strategic direction and considering inputs from team members Passion for education, the customer and driving disruptive change Flipgrid Ambassador, Google Certified Educator, or Microsoft Innovative Educator Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.