Are you interested in supporting the ever-changing technology needs of the U.S. Government by providing services that support defense initiatives? Come look at Stratagem, where we help the U.S. Government solve some of the most difficult and fun problems in the world. Stratagem is hiring motivated, creative, and technically-minded individuals with a passion and skill for building the state-of-the-art in emerging technologies. We understand that candidates may not be able to check the boxes for all desired qualifications, but what is most important to us at Stratagem is that candidates have exceptional problem-solving skills, creative out-of- the-box thinking, and comfort with quickly learning, evaluating, and deploying new technologies. Successful employees are self-starters, excellent communicators and positive individuals with a passion for delivering uncompromising quality products. TS – SSBI Required This is a coding position in Valley Forge, PA, and we are not hiring your average Java Joe’s. We are looking for the Macchiato with a double shot. You will be given substantial feature ownership, and we'll expect you to contribute product ideas as well as code. Your ideas will help shape the future of Stratagem. Responsibilities & Skills Our ideal candidate is a full-stack developer with a love for learning, the ability to pivot directions quickly, and someone with a conceptual understanding of UI/UX best practices. You should love to work on the front- end, helping integrate sleek web design, as well as enjoy implementing the core of the system, down to the database. As a software engineer, your responsibilities include: Integrating with a diverse team to deliver in an agile-like manner Designing and building aspects of a web-accessible system Prototyping ideas/concepts to prove a solution quickly Building a user-facing system that people actually want to use Your core skills/experience include: Proficiency in Java Proficiency in AngularJS (or similar like Backbone and Ember) Experience with version control systems like git or BitBucket Minimum of 1 years’ experience or a Master’s degree You are the proud owner of a TS/SCI SSBI clearance Bonus points if you have experience in any of the following: Experience with cloud Infrastructure - AWS or C2S preferred Experience with Microservices Familiarity with containerization - Docker preferred About you You are an exceptional problem solver, a quick learner, and a creative out-of- the-box thinker who values team work. You are comfortable with the pace and ever-changing requirements of a small development company while maintaining a healthy work life balance. Who is Stratagem Stratagem is a small and fast-growing technology company built around the idea that we can make a lasting impact for our customers and employees. We believe in a culture of innovation, fun, empowerment, and family. We want you to learn new skills so you can become more fulfilled in both your personal and professional life. At Stratagem, our goal is to make our company the last company you work for!