Start a Rewarding Career with Alliant Why Alliant? We’re not a typical financial institution – we’re better. We’re an innovative, fun-loving, highly-engaged group of professionals that are committed to our company and the communities we do business in. We love to recognize and celebrate each other. Over 90% of our employees say we are a great workplace that is focused on our mission, vision and the future of banking. What will your day look like? The Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst turns raw data into information by building reports and dashboards. The incumbent will work as a part of a cross- functional scrum team, serving as the report/ dashboard developer. The BI Analyst is tasked with high complexity ad-hoc dashboard/ report development that meets/exceeds existing and emerging reporting and analytical needs. Responsibilities Do you see yourself doing this? Monitor historical and real-time performances of key metrics to detect and report anomalies Develop and modify reports, verify information integrity and design BI dashboards, scorecards, charts/ graphs, drill-downs, and dynamic reports to meet new information needs Apply business analysis skills to complex business wants/needs and make recommendations for leading practice solutions, with consideration of associated business benefits, risks, cost and timescales Derive actionable insights through critical analysis and data visualization Understand the business stakeholders’ objectives, the metrics that are the most important to them, and how they measure their performance Create innovative and easy to understand visuals for reports to enable more effective consumption of data Serve as Subject Matter Expert on BI tools Lead company-wide training and development of BI tools usage Curate and create training material for publishing on company SharePoint site Educate and train analysts on best practices Qualifications What makes you a great fit? You’ll be a great fit if in addition to the completion of a Bachelor’s degree Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Advanced Mathematics, Statistics or Information Systems (Master’s degree preferred) with a minimum of 4+ years of relevant experience in report development, data science, business analytics, business intelligence or comparable data engineering role, you have: Experience with BI tools such as SAP BO and Tableau Experience with business systems analysis or data analytics / business intelligence requirements gathering Excellent verbal and written communication skills; ability to simplify complex concepts and messages to the essential components and deliver effective messages to a wide range of audiences Strong desire to learn and continuously grow impact of the role Self-starter, well organized, extremely detail-oriented and a highly collaborative team member Experience writing specifications and/or user stories utilizing graphical UI concepts and process maps that are clear, concise and well organized Highly effective time and project management skills, including ability to coordinate development, testing and implementation When you’re happy, we’re happy! As a thank you for joining our team, you’ll benefit from: Competitive medical, dental, and free vision benefits Competitive compensation plan Contributions towards gym memberships Generous PTO and banking holidays off Still not convinced? We’re on the list of 100 Best Medium Companies to work for, check it out here. For more details you can also visit our Glassdoor and LinkedIn profiles.