This is a Limited Term Employee role to backfill someone who will be out on parental leave. The role is targeted for 15-18 months starting in August/September 2018 however the start and end dates for this assignment may change. Internal candidates are required to have a conversation with their manager to confirm support before applying to this position. Managers have the right to decline a request to apply for a backfill assignment, regardless of tenure in role. Please apply to this posting to indicate your interest in the role, rather than contacting the hiring manager directly. See additional internal information below. Summary Ensures the security of the foundation's information assets and systems through a systematic, proactive approach that balances risk with business requirements and outcomes. Supports the Director, Information Security in developing and executing the information security program including: risk assessment; controls design; standards development; awareness and communication; monitoring and incident response. Collaborates across all levels of the organization, partnering to manage information security risk. Core Responsibilities Program Execution : Assist in developing and executing the foundation’s information security program, including: recommendations for capabilities and prioritization, strategy execution, development of standards and procedures. Identify key environmental data for communicating risk through information security metrics. Participate and lead Information Security awareness efforts. Risk Assessment : Conduct information security risk and vulnerability assessments. Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to understand business requirements and recommend appropriate solutions and controls. Information Security Controls Design : Design and communicate technology and process controls, including aspects related to: network, infrastructure, applications, and services. Monitoring and Compliance : Understand the ever-changing technology environment to identify techniques to detect and address anomalies and security violations. Stay current with new developments in technology and the security industry, including adversary tactics, techniques, and procedures, vulnerabilities and malware. Incident Response : Respond to information security incidents, including investigations and forensics, leading cross-functional teams as necessary. Vendor Management: Provide vendor management, resource allocation, budget, invoice, and/or billing reconciliation. Guidance: Guide the development and implementation of business solutions across multiple projects. Provide direction to technical teams during project delivery. May validate and approve the deliverables of the technical team. Core Knowledge and Skills Experience with Information security program frameworks and best practices Experience with information security technologies (e.g., PKI, firewalls, secure web gateway, intrusion detection/prevention, endpoint protection) Experience with infrastructure technologies (e.g., firewalls, routers, servers, databases, web servers). Strong written and verbal communication skills, including technical and non-technical presentations and documentation. Planning, organizational skills, ability to handle multiple projects without direct supervision. Strong analytical and problem-solving ability. Knowledge of technical architectures, common endpoint operating systems, and service platforms for SaaS, IaaS, PaaS. Knowledge of programming or scripting capability. Ability to create clear strategies, policies, procedures and system documentation. Ability to work on, facilitate, and support multiple projects and real-time support issues. Ability to lead small teams of engineers and vendors, overseeing work delivery and quality. Strong interpersonal and customer relationship skills, including the ability to communicate to multiple levels of the organization and with non-technical partners to derive technical requirements and priorities. Education and Experience Bachelor’s in computer science with 7+ years of experience, or equivalent experience. May require technical certification depending on technology specialization. The employee transfer policy applies to internal backfill positions. An employee may apply for an open position after at least 12 months in their current position. If you meet this requirement and wish to pursue a backfill opportunity, you are required to have a conversation with your manager to confirm their support before you apply. In rare cases, the requirement of a minimum of 12 months in a position may be waived if a transfer is critical to the foundation’s goals and is approved by the current manager and their HR Consultant (HR Business Partner or Generalist). All backfill positions are posted as LTE roles. With current manager support, if selected for the role, FTEs will retain their FTE status during the backfill assignment. Managers will have the option of backfilling for the individual moving to the interim position for a similar duration via the same hiring channels and options as this position. However, current managers may be unwilling or unable to hold headcount for the duration of an interim assignment and may deny the employee’s request. In such cases, the employee may apply for the open LTE position, but if selected, would effectively be resigning as an FTE and would be hired as an LTE for the duration of the interim assignment. As an LTE, employment with the foundation is expected to end at the end of the assignment, and the employee would not be eligible for severance. As part of our standard hiring process for new employees, employment with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation will be contingent upon successful completion of a background check. _The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is dedicated to the belief that all lives have equal value. We’re committed to creating a workplace where employees thrive both personally and professionally. We also believe our employees should reflect the rich diversity of the global populations we aim to serve—in race, gender, age, cultures and beliefs—and we support this diversity through all of our employment practices._ _All applicants and employees who are drawn to serve the mission of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation will enjoy equality of opportunity and fair treatment without regard to:_ _Race_ _Color_ _Age_ _Religion_ _Pregnancy_ _Sex_ _Sexual Orientation_ _Disability_ _Gender Identity_ _Gender Expression_ _National Origin_ _Genetic Information_ _Veteran Status_ _Marital Status_ _Prior Protected Activity_