Classification/Grade: Non-Exempt/Grade 63 UltiPro Job Code: RVDTAANL Site/Program: Administration/Claims Operations Department Reports To: Data Analytics Manager POSITION SUMMARY: The Database Analyst is responsible for the administration of the accuracy and efficiency of Pacific Clinics databases and the data extraction from the county and EHR systems; the designing, managing, validating and monitoring the development, implementation, and effective use of automated and manual databases, reports, and applications. This position serves as the subject matter expert (SME) of the internal reporting application development and maintenance, and the databases related to the County system, EHRS, Eligibility, Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), Cost Report and all other databases that are created and maintained by the Claims Operations Department. The incumbent will collaborate with all departments concerned with designing and developing a centralized, validated and structured data warehouse/data mart for all departments’ utilization, to improve and maintain database and reporting systems efficiency and accuracy, develop advanced methods to validate data reliability amongst all systems. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Identify user needs to create and administer databases; ensure that the database operates efficiently and without error. Make and test modifications to the database structure when needed. Backup and restore data to prevent data loss, merge old databases into new ones. Manage, monitor and validate regular data downloads from the county and EHR systems. Ensure that all data are up-to-date and take appropriate actions when discrepancies are found. Independently identify and solve data download problems, informing all parties concerned. Collaborate with all parties concerned to design and develop a centralized, validated and structured data warehouse for all departments’ utilization. Serve as the subject matter expert (SME) of the internal reporting application development and maintenance, and the related databases that are created and maintained by the Claims Operations Department. Promote the use of automated web reports and train team members on web report creation and maintenance. Recommend and implement alternative automatic reports publishing method. Design, develop and automate financial, statistical and key performance indicator reports used for revenue cycle and performance decision support. Extract and compile data from all available data sources to provide ad hoc support in data research, analysis and reporting. Create and maintain dashboards and ad hoc reporting using a variety of source systems and presentation software. Provide analytical insight regarding all reports. Evaluate and automate database and reporting systems regularly to improve and maintain efficiency and reliability. Independently monitor, analyze, identify, report, categorize, and investigate data anomalies or inaccuracy patterns and trends in order to assist the agency to continuously improve/reduce the claim denial rates and consistency/accuracy of performance indicators reporting. Develop advanced methods to monitor and validate data reliability and consistency amongst all systems. Maintain data integrity when manipulating data files for the purpose of analysis, validate data thoroughly by using multiple data sources or criteria when necessary to ensure accuracy of results. Communicate systems and claims related concerns to supervisor in a timely fashion, ensuring that appropriate attention is given to material issues for timely resolution. Document all essential duties and processes in a manual format for training purposes. Attend meetings and trainings according to clinics’ Policy. Attend and participate in department activities and staff meetings, provide clear and useful input on department procedures and targets. Provide backup support within the team when requested. Follow HIPAA policies. Perform all duties and work projects as assigned by supervisor. Communicate effectively in a culturally competent and diverse consumer population and promotes favorable interaction with managers, co-workers and others. Report to work on time and maintain reliable and regular attendance according to clinics’ Policy. This position may require working additional hours based on clinics’ needs. Willing to work overtime during the weekdays and weekends (Saturday and/or Sunday) when requested. QUALIFICATIONS : To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty independently and satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. ORGANIZATIONAL RELATIONSHIPS/INTERACTION: Initiate and maintain professional interaction and communication with clinics’ employees and/or others. Participate as part of a multidisciplinary team and interacts with all levels of organizational staff and management; outside auditors and/or Agency vendors. Maintain professional and effective working relationships, following all policies and procedures and approaching challenges with a proactive and positive attitude. Develop strong, trusted relationships with colleagues and customers. Maintain the confidentiality of all business documents and correspondence. Model Pacific Clinics’ approach, mission, and core values in all communication and correspondence. Participate as part of a multicultural team, being sensitive to the cultural and linguistic needs of the clients and families served. Requirements EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE/POSITION REQUIREMENTS : Knowledge, Skill and Ability Requirements: Knowledge of an Electronic Health Record System (EHRS) used in Healthcare for billing clinical services in Behavioral Healthcare. Knowledge of healthcare claim payors and third party insurance payors. Knowledge of the Healthcare billing structure and codes. Proficient in using Windows system, Microsoft Word, Outlook, Excel, Access or Oracle or SQL Database/queries and SQL Server Management Studio. Skilled in speedy and accurate computer data entry with the ability to use a computer keyboard proficiently, above 35 wpm. Skilled in making decisions and using good judgment, dealing with ambiguity and change, and producing high quality results. Skilled in critical thinking, deductive reasoning, data analysis, problem solving, multi-tasking, completing repetitive tasks with accuracy, and improvising with a creative approach to problems and obstacles. Skilled in being very detail and results oriented, approaching tasks methodically, following through on projects to achieve results, being organized and prioritizing competing deliverables. Skilled in customer service. Skilled in verbal & written communication. Ability to prioritize extremely time sensitive document submission; must be flexible, organized, and conscious of these timelines. Ability to communicate effectively with a competent and diverse population and promote favorable interaction with managers, co-workers and others. Ability to adapt and be flexible in a rapidly changing environment, be patient, accountable, proactive, take initiative and be a Team player and work effectively on a team. Ability and willingness to learn new topics, systems, and methods. Ability to independently analyze and resolve complex issues related to billing and database applications. Ability to work with minimal supervision. Ability to demonstrate leadership when necessary. Ability to work a flexible schedule as needed to fulfill departmental and Agency needs, which may include weekends, evenings, and holidays. Education and Experience Requirements: Bachelors’ degree in Information System, Database Administration, Business Analytics, Business Intelligence, or equivalent preferred. Or 3-5 years database management / programming experience. Must possess a valid California driver's license and maintain a driving record acceptable to Pacific Clinics’ insurance carrier. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: While performing the duties of this job the employee is frequently required to stand or sit. The employee is required to use hands to produce records and/or documentation in manual or electronic format. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 5 pounds and occasionally move or lift up to 10 pounds. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to moving mechanical parts and outside weather conditions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. Local business travel is also required. SITE SPECIFICS: A review of this description has excluded the marginal functions of the position that are incidental to job performance of the fundamental job duties. All duties and requirements are essential job functions. This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by this employee. The employee will be required to follow any other instructions and to perform any other duties requested by his or her manager and/or supervisor. This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an “at-will” employment relationship. Qualified applicants with arrest and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with Federal, state and local laws, including but not limited to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring.