Account Technology Strategist Are you interested in being part of the most exciting transformation occurring at Microsoft and in the industry overall? The Account Technology Strategist is a virtual Chief Technology Officer for our customers and engages with customer business and IT decision makers to strategize on how Microsoft can enable them to achieve their IT and business goals. You will be leading the technical partnership with the largest customers in the world helping align Microsoft’s capabilities to accelerate their digital transformation. Candidates should be highly-motivated and have a strong, proven IT leadership background, a passion for solving business problems with technology, and familiarity with the broad range of technical products and solutions including, but not limited to Microsoft’s offerings. The candidate must be able to (1) work in close partnership with the Account Executive towards their shared strategic goals; (2) build “trusted advisor” relationships BDM/TDM’s including CIOs, CTOs, and Enterprise Architects; (3) drive adoption and consumption of Microsoft cloud services; (4) identify opportunities for Microsoft solutions within the account; and (5) maintain high levels of customer satisfaction. Responsibilities The ATS works closely with the Account Executive, and a wide range of Microsoft technical, sales and Services specialists, to define and execute territory and account strategies. The ATS is responsible for developing the account technology vision and strategy to support the overall business objectives for Microsoft and its customers. The ATS coordinates technical resources in developing and executing deployment plans and adoption roadmaps, and drive relationships with technical leaders from senior executives and down. The role includes coordinating and guiding the account team on technology-related matters and acting as the voice of the customer to prepare the extended Microsoft team for customer interactions. A strong leader is required to ensure Microsoft engages its best resources, well-briefed, in front of the customer. Microsoft is looking for a self-starter who is passionate about making immediate contributions and exhibiting the Microsoft Core Competencies detailed below: Drive for Results Work in partnership with your Account Executive to achieve your common revenue, adoption, and customer satisfaction goals. Develop a multi-year technology vision and roadmap for your customers while considering potential obstacles and immediate and long-term consequences. Discuss, compare, and build a technical and financial business cases for Microsoft solutions, particularly regarding Cloud Services and Devices. Provide foresight in the deployment and adoption of Microsoft technologies. Persevere in completing tasks, even in the face of resistance or setbacks. Customer Focus Exhibit a passion for understanding your customers’ key business strategies and objectives, technology strategy & technical infrastructure. Map solutions to meet customer business needs and lead customers through solution evaluation. Focus on ensuring satisfaction with Microsoft solutions from evaluation through post-sales support in conjunction with your extended team. Develop and propose technical strategies that transform and propel your customers’ business. Collaboration Build trust and respect with people within and outside of your immediate Microsoft team. Communicate with individuals from other teams or organizations, and listen carefully to how they perceive mutual issues or opportunities. Remove barriers by working with others around a shared need or customer benefit. Incorporate diverse perspectives to thoroughly address complex business issues. Orchestrate regular meetings with key contacts to ensure close cooperation and collaboration between customer project teams, Microsoft resources and Partners to drive adoption. Write technical planning documents independently and collaboratively (with customers and/or peers). Integrate with Account Manager, Services Executives and extended team members to systematically identify and close new business. Manage and orchestrate complex deployments, building and defining execution plans in conjunction with customer. Influencing for Impact Think strategically, then influence your peer teams and customers to execute with excellence. Lead pre-sales specialists and Microsoft product group resources to prepare for and meet customer needs both tactically and strategically. Engage with Business and IT leaders at your customers to understand their imperatives and initiatives. Act as a trusted resource and advisor to a wide network of customers and colleagues with diverse personalities. Effectively engage and influence customers and Microsoft stakeholders with clarity and persuasiveness. Listens for the priorities and concerns of others, and acknowledges differing perspectives. Develop yourself as a technical leader at Microsoft and in your community. Judgment Accurately identify problems, and generate multiple reasonable resolutions. Make decisions within your business with support from others. Become a credible technical leader and Microsoft trusted advisor to the CIOs, CTOs, Enterprise Architects, and IT Directors at your customers. Effectively advocate for your customers. Leverage a broad technical knowledge based - ideally inside and outside of Microsoft. Adaptability Demonstrate deep curiosity and professional insight. Passion for continuous learning. Effectively change plans, goals, actions or priorities to respond to changing situations. Qualifications Qualifications for this position 8+ years’ experience in large enterprise businesses, ideally in IT architecture. Broad knowledge of global enterprise IT architecture, engineering and operations. Executive presence with strong written and verbal communication skills. Proven technical and leadership experience in the IT industry. Demonstrable experience leading teams and projects. Proven strategic planning, risk analysis, and business justification experience. Demonstrable and proven customer-facing experience gained with a major vendor, consultancy, or systems integrator. Excellent business acumen - ideally pre-sales experience or consultative selling. Proven ability to develop a vision, strategic plan and execute successfully. Ability to manage executive meetings to achieve objectives. Strong drive for results and willingness to be accountable for success. Solid understanding of Microsoft technologies and strategic directions or a solid understanding of competitive solutions and the ability to quickly gain solid understanding of Microsoft technologies, solutions, and business value. Relocation assistance not available for this role; located in the twin cities area. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.