We are a 100+ person team funded by top-tier firms. We are based in Santa Monica, CA with a satellite office in San Francisco. We are a low-key but tight-knit group of hard-working people working to fix America's broken healthcare system. Americans spend over $400 billion per year on prescriptions, and too many people simply can't afford the medications they desperately need. Join GoodRx and help us solve meaningful problems that help us make people’s lives better every day. About the Role The Senior Manager, Analytics & Optimization will be responsible for overseeing the collection and analysis of data insights that inform key decisions and strategy related to internal operations, customer support decisions, and product projects. This role will partner with the internal operations, customer support, and data teams to provide action-oriented recommendations that lead to effective and efficient decision making. Responsibilities Build and manage actionable marketing and product insights and KPIs to continually improve performance Develop insights to help quantify impact of operational efficiency Develop a solution for continuous optimization of pricing operations and customer service Optimize segmentation and mix of support channels to inform operational decisions Improve end to end operational flow of customer support to reduce spend and increase ROI Partner with the data team to procure all necessary data elements Partner with the product and engineering team to procure necessary product knowledge Partner with key stakeholders to develop strategy based on operational insights to contribute positively to the business Skills & Qualifications: 4+ years experience in an analytical role Strong quantitative skills High SQL and Excel proficiency Excellent cross-functional working skills Experience with operational process improvement and implementation Strong presentation skills and ability to formulate strategic initiatives Exceptional written and oral communication skills Exceptional organizational skills Good To Have: 2+ years experience leading an analytical team Business optimization experience Healthcare experience Management consulting experience About GoodRx GoodRx is America’s leading prescription price transparency platform. More than 8 million people use the GoodRx website and our mobile apps each month. GoodRx helps consumers save up to 80% on their medications by delivering prices and available discounts at nearly every pharmacy in the U.S. Thousands of physicians and employees use GoodRx, and its services have been positively reviewed by Good Morning America, the American Heart Association, The New York Times, ABC News, AARP, Forbes and many others.