Icertis is the leading provider of enterprise contract management in the cloud. The Icertis Contract Management (ICM) platform is an innovative, easy- to-use platform that is highly configurable and continually adapts to complex business needs. It has been acknowledged as the leading solution in the category by Gartner, Forrester, Spend Matters, and several other analyst firms. Icertis was also recently named the 2018 Microsoft US Partner of the Year across all categories. The ICM platform is used in 90 countries around the globe, and we have offices in Seattle, WA; San Jose, CA; Edison, NJ; Stuttgart and Frankfurt, Germany; Paris, France; London, UK; Zurich, Switzerland; Sofia, Bulgaria and Pune, India. We will be opening offices in Singapore and Sydney, Australia later in 2018. Today, the ICM platform is used to manage 5+ million contracts, by 2+ million subscribers, in 40+ languages. With its intelligent workflow and built-in analytics, ICM provides ongoing contractual insights and best-of-breed contract management. ICM enables customers to increase compliance, improve governance, mitigate risk and enhance user productivity, thereby maximizing ROI and accelerating time to value across the global enterprise. For more information, visit www.icertis.com. Role & Responsibilities The Director, Enterprise Sales is an individual contributor and field-based sales role responsible for driving sales in the identified region for Icertis Contract Management Product. In this role, the Director, Enterprise Sales will be responsible for overall deal strategy and providing leadership and direction to the pursuit team including Pre-sales Solution Architects, Delivery Teams, etc. This role will be responsible for customer interfacing and relationship building with C-Level contacts, crafting the proposal, pricing and ultimately the successful negotiations and deal completion with the customer. In short, you will own the opportunity from inception to deal close. Qualifications 8+ years of successful enterprise software sales experience Experience in Solution Sales or SAAS is essential Experience selling CLM products is a plus Track record of exceeding quota year over year Ability to identify new sales opportunities and manage complex sales cycle and close strategic deals Experience in closing large enterprise software sales opportunities Ability to develop executive level relationships and lead strategic initiatives with customer, and present Icertis’ value proposition to C-level executives Experience in managing enterprise accounts, business pipeline, and revenue forecasts Excellent verbal and written communication, negotiation and strategic thinking skills Education Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience with a keen business sense is required Icertis is not open to 3rd party solicitation or resumes for our posted FTE positions. Resumes received from 3rd party agencies that are unsolicited will be considered complimentary. Icertis, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Icertis, Inc. complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.