The Reporting Analyst works onsite at a SIRVA client to provide reporting and data analysis support their mobility programs. This position will be responsible for supporting the client's mobility program by working closely with the business leaders and Human Resources team. Responsibilities: Prepare, format, maintain, and audit various periodic and ad hoc reports. This includes identifying and investigating anomalies and exceptions to ensure data accuracy and perform clean up tasks to correct any inaccuracies. This also includes maintaining and owning daily logs of reports and action taken. Analyze reports at a high level to see if the report is in sync with similar reports; at mid-level to check whether categories align with pervious iterations; at a deep level to verity that data at the individual level is clean and make sense. Identify and develop new process improvement opportunities on data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize efficiency, consolidation, and overall client experience over data and reporting. Complete Invoice review which includes verifying invoices for valid and accurate cost centers. This also includes logging invoices and sending verified invoices to the Finance department for processing. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Minimum 3 years of reporting and data analysis experience Intermediate+ Excel skills, (V-lookup, Pivot Table, IF formulas working experience required) Ability to work with large and multiple data sets, with high level of patience for granular level review and analysis Analytical and critical thinking with an uncompromising attention to detail and a good mix of logic and reasoning - thinking through a concept or idea without basing solutions on pure logic Ability to handle multiple tasks, in high-volume, high-intensity, and fast-paced environment. Ability to adapt and flex to various situations with patience and flexibility, and embrace new ideas and changing requirements Excellent team player High school diploma required Undergraduate degree preferred SIRVA is a leading partner for corporations to outsource their mobility needs, relocating and moving their executives and staff globally. SIRVA offers an extensive portfolio of mobility services across approximately 170 countries providing an end-to-end solution to deliver an enhanced mobility experience and program control and security for customers. SIRVA brings together strong, collaborative people in a dynamic culture of mutual respect, support, and passion for the brand and product. We believe innovation drives winning performance, and we constantly challenge ourselves to be the very best we can in every aspect of our business. You will be surrounded by some of the brightest and most driven people in the industry. At SIRVA, you will be in great company! SIRVA is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The Federal EEO Law Poster may be found at http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability of any part of the employment process, please send an email to Human Resources at HRSIRVA@SIRVA.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. SIRVA has a portfolio of well-known and recognizable brands including Allied Van Lines, northAmerican Van Lines, SMARTBOX, and Allied Pickfords. For more information please visit www.sirva.com. Required Skills Required Experience