Launched in 2014 and based in New York, Clearpool Group, Inc. delivers holistic electronic trading solutions and provides independent agency broker- dealer services. Clearpool’s Algorithmic Management System (AMS) is transforming electronic trading with a fully customizable suite of algorithmic trading tools, offering total visibility and control from strategy to execution. We’re passionate about working together to make the markets more transparent and helping our clients effectively source liquidity and achieve best ex. FIX Analyst / Client Onboarding Engineer / Technical Operations / Financial Services The candidate’s primary job responsibility will be to support growth of FIX- based API services through improved functional testing and client integration projects. The role will include design and implementation of comprehensive automated test strategies for new functionality and regression. Candidate should also expect to manage customer integration projects, including client communication, and client testing. Responsibilities \- Complete client integration projects, including API Conformance/Certification tests to support the customer on-boarding process \- Be part of the quality assurance team for all development and enhancements pertaining to FIX-based API services \- Contribute to and review technical specifications relating to the FIX-API, including documents used by customers for purposes of integration and testing \- Perform and maintain automated functional and regression testing on all internally-developed applications to certify them for production implementation \- Review business and functional requirements in order to produce a change- management and test strategy \- Report and manage software issues and test activities throughout the software development life cycle \- Analyze and respond to client technical inquiries on API integration and, when necessary, production incidents \- Contribute to development of internal API monitoring and support tools, utilizing scripting where necessary Skills / Requirements Candidate must have outstanding organizational skills, and demonstrate experience handling multiple project deliverables with success Candidate must have outstanding verbal and written communication skills, and demonstrate command in prioritization and reporting project status Bachelor’s degree (B.S.) from a four year college or university with a major in computer science, engineering, finance, mathematics, or equivalent 1+ years’ experience and demonstrated mastery in FIX protocol 1+ years’ experience in automation testing Prior experience interacting with external clients is highly preferred. Experience with electronic trading client connectivity, FpML, and VeriFIX a plus Must have basic understanding of at least one scripting language Must have basic understanding of SQL Strong background in functional testing with the ability to design and develop comprehensive automated test strategies and test cases Must be knowledgeable with Windows & Linux OS platforms. Self-motivated, able to work and excel autonomously on job responsibilities Desire to define and execute new, repeatable business processes You love technology. We love technology & finance. Want to create some Fin- Tech together? We are on a mission to create advanced trading technologies and deliver the highest quality of service to our partners. We work hard, we laugh a lot, we learn from each other, we challenge each other and we agree to disagree. But at the end of the close we know we’ve done our best to make the markets more transparent, effectively sourced liquidity for our clients, and helped them achieve the best execution. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.