Job Title: Data Scientist Join us as we build a next-generation analytics platform to serve our world- class agents. As a Data Scientist , you’ll help build a platform of robust analytics features that lay the foundation for optimizing agent and broker productivity that bring Realogy’s renowned real estate brands into the next era of data-driven excellence. What we’re looking for: You’re a talented, creative, and motivated data scientist who loves data, who’s ready to work with a team of individuals who share your passion. With a related degree under your belt-and maybe even some experience-you’re ready to take your programming and database knowledge to the next level. You enjoy challenging projects involving large data pipelines, cleaning and transforming data, and algorithm development. With your strong analytical skills, unwavering commitment to quality, excellent technical skills, and collaborative work ethic, you’ll do great things here at ZapLabs. What you’ll do: As a Data Scientist, you’ll be responsible for mastering our data and designing the systems which enable us to use it most effectively. You’ll be designing and implementing processes around machine learning, business intelligence, and predictive analytics that meet the needs of millions of agents, brokers, home buyers, and sellers. Your role will involve collaborating with a team of talented engineers, product managers and designers to investigate new data sources, perform data modeling, and deploy new features. Skills, accomplishments, & interests you should have: BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or related technical discipline or equivalent combination of training and experience Proven experience with machine learning/data modeling projects and algorithm development for solving business problems At least 2 years of Data Science/Analytics experience ETL, data cleaning and transformation experience Solid knowledge of Python or R for statistical analysis as well as machine learning solutions (scikit-learn, tensorflow, etc) Confidence working with SQL Excellent analytical, statistical, and troubleshooting skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English Nice to haves: Familiarity with Big Data technologies (Hadoop, Spark, Cassandra, HDFS, etc.) is a big plus! Experience with Spark Streaming, Spark MLlib Knowledge of real estate, leads, CRM, commission structures and plans Graduate degree and/or published research in a related field Current experience with Amazon EMR, EC2, S3, Redshift Ability to work quickly with an eye towards the big picture We’re always looking for folks to join our culture of passionate hobbyists! We have a tendency to nerd out on everything from LOTR and Star Wars to competitive baking to our company soccer team, the Lab Rats. LI-LY1 HTF1