Bloom Energy, a solid oxide fuel cell company, is looking for an Inbound Logistics Coordinator to join its world class team. This individual should be a dynamic professional who is looking for a rewarding future in one of today’s most exciting technologies. The Inbound Logistics Coordinator will be responsible for tracking incoming ocean containers and air shipments with carriers to ensure on-time delivery of product. Effectively communicate with various internal customers: supply chain, procurement, manufacturing, receiving, shipping, warehouse, third party warehouses and BE Distribution Centers. The Inbound Logistics Coordinator is responsible for administrative support for their assigned area. The above job description may not include all tasks necessary to complete the job, the job description is a listing of the most common tasks the associate will be required to perform in that job area. Role and Responsibilities: Coordinates with purchasing team to identify all inbound deliveries and identify product prior to their arrival Email carriers with freight information Ocean cargo and air shipment tracking Coordinating/scheduling inbound/outbound appointment times with shippers, transportation companies Ensure all orders are routed and released in a timely manner to ensure on time delivery Proactively identify, track, maintain, and update dock schedule based on department input and escalate as necessary to meet schedules Works with warehouse supervision team to schedule inbound deliveries based on labor availability Photograph incoming containers for warehouse records as needed Entering data into excel spreadsheets Manage and resolve problems regarding missed pickups, missed deliveries, delivery issues and scheduling conflicts in a timely manner Process weekly reports as required Work with Transportation Management System Assist warehouse operations group with administrative tasks as needed Skills and abilities: Oracle ERP experience preferred Ability to work under minimum supervision Demonstrate a strong and independent work ethic Must be detailed oriented and results driven Maintain professional relationship with the carriers, vendors and internal customers Clear and effective verbal and written communication skills are required Adapt at multitasking several high profile projects while managing time and delivering results. Experience and Education: Minimum of 2 years of experience within Dispatching/Logistics and/or Warehousing of relevant experience in logistics Previous experience in WMS (Oracle, SAP) is preferred A high school diploma, or equivalent About Bloom Energy: Bloom Energy will make clean, reliable energy affordable for everyone in the world. Our technology, first developed for NASA's Mars Program, will dramatically change the way that the world’s energy is produced, distributed and consumed. Bloom’s unique on-site power generation systems are among the most efficient on the planet, providing significantly reduced operating costs and producing dramatically lower greenhouse gas emissions. Pioneering a new class of stationary fuel cells, Bloom is not just creating a new product or company; it is driving a whole new industry. As one of Silicon Valley’s most promising startups, Bloom was the first clean energy technology investment for Kleiner Perkins and NEA, two of Silicon Valley’s most revered venture capital firms. The company has assembled a super-star board, experienced management team, and top-notch technical staff. Bloom Energy is growing quickly and is looking to add to its dynamic team. Bloom Energy is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We are committed to compliance with all applicable laws providing equal employment opportunities. All qualified applicants, will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability. Bloom Energy makes reasonable accommodations, consistent with applicable laws, for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified applicant or employee with a disability, who can perform the essential job functions, unless undue hardship would result.