The Business Intelligence Analyst will be an integral part of our business systems team by proactively designing, developing and evolving high quality, usable and extensible BI solutions and interpretations of results. Utilizing strong data analysis and information mining skills they will build intuitive reporting to help management better utilize systems and information to make business decisions. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Developing data structures to support requirements specific to various business units within the organization Extracting data and working directly with senior and executive level personnel on interpreting data Develop functional specifications for data acquisition, transformation and load processes, and reporting Conduct data analysis and data quality profiling Cube and Power BI modeling Conduct model reviews and participate in the database technical design Perform complex analytics involving diverse data sources that require considerable integration and reconciliation to provide a previously unavailable basis for strategic decision making. Design and develop reports and dashboards to transform data into useful information Work with technical staff to better understand validity and criticality of data and how it impacts operations KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Proven analysis, reporting, and troubleshooting skills. Hands on experience with Microsoft SQL, SSRS, SSAS, SSIS, SSDT, Power BI. Experience in IT development, application delivery, and SDLC process. Willing to take ownership, and able to independently work toward implementation. Able to manage complex and ever-changing workload. Strong communication skills (verbal and written) with the ability to communicate complex issues to technical and nontechnical audiences that include peers, lines of business partners, and senior management.. Ability and willingness to participate in a variety of different IT/development roles. Strong documentation skills to be able to write design and support documentation. Excellent attention to detail and ability to raise questions and seek resolution to outstanding clarifications required. Highly organized, able to deliver and follow through on deadlines. Values collaboration and teamwork to achieve common goals. Other duties as assigned. EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: 2-4 years industry experience building ETL and data modelling preferred. Expertise in SQL query building and optimization. Associate’s degree in Business Administration, Technology or equivalent. Minimum 1 year of experience working in an information technology related environment Development experience with Business Intelligence tools like: Microsoft SQL, SSRS, SSAS, SSIS, SSDT, Cubes, Power BI Equal Opportunity Employer – race, sex, veteran or disability status, gender identity, sexual orientation