Who is Virgin Pulse? Virgin Pulse, part of Sir Richard Branson’s famed Virgin Group, helps organizations build employee health and wellbeing into the DNA of their corporate cultures. With its award-winning, mobile-first platform and focus on behavior change, the company engages employees every day in cultivating habits that drive positive outcomes across all aspects of health and wellbeing. A global leader in the health and wellbeing market, Virgin Pulse is committed to helping change lives and businesses around the world for good so that people and organizations can thrive, together. Today, more than 3100 organizations across the globe are using Virgin Pulse’s solutions to increase employee wellbeing and engagement and create strong workplace cultures. And now we are making history in our newfound partnership with RedBrick Health! Together we will deliver the industry’s only global, one-stop-shop for employees and employers. Together we are Engagement Revolutionized! Who are our employees? At our combined Virgin Pulse + RedBrick Health, we’re passionate about changing lives for good®. We want to make a difference in the world by helping people be their best, every day, at work and home. Our award-winning solutions support leading employers in transforming their cultures and engaging employees. But our world-class products and programs are nothing without our people – the employees who design, build, promote, sell, test and perfect the latest innovations in workplace wellbeing. Our people are our top priority and we invest in their health and happiness. At Virgin Pulse, we have so much more than a strong, supportive company culture - we have a shared vision for a healthier, happier world. Who you are You are a talented Software Engineer with the desire to find a position on a technology team focused on continuing the growth of our next-generation SaaS application. As a Software Engineer at Virgin Pulse you will work on implementing stories, bug fixes, unit tests, and general R &D; with minimal oversight. You bring to the table a broad understanding of many modern open- source web technologies, and are dedicated to l earning more. You will work on a scrum team, collaborating with our Tech Leads, Product Owners and other talented Engineers to deliver great solutions on an exponentially growing application. Position l evel dependent on skills and leadership ability. In addition to the above you possess a number of desirable traits including: You have outstanding problem solving and analytical skills You are a good communicator (written and verbal) You are enthusiastic about working in a team, and have great people skills A passion for learning technologies and applying them to the right projects will make you successful in this position. Our technology Our next generation SAAS platform is using an exciting mixture of technologies: Large scale, public-facing websites built in Angular/Angular2 and leveraging tools like Pug, Grunt and NPM to make things automated and repeatable. Our Java/Kotlin-based REST API is built on Spring Boot and Hibernate which serves traffic to both web and mobile consumers. We’re using a combination of both PostgreSQL, Cassandra and Redis. Redis, specifically, is used extensively in a distributed locking system, responsible for supporting real-time data processing. We use Machine Learning to personalize, recommend, and monitor services on our platform. Our ML applications are packaged as containers with RESTful interfaces. All of this uses Amazon Web Services extensively for stability and high availability. We practice Continuous Integration using TeamCity; as a result we have continual smaller releases to our environments (Development, QA, Staging, Production), with integrated unit tests and code coverage analysis while eliminating the risk taken on with only a few large releases/product updates. What Your Day-to-Day Looks Like Participate in scrum meetings - Daily Standup, Grooming, Retrospectives, Kickoff, etc. Check on the health of applications and models in New Relic Develop frontend solutions utilizing AngularJS/Angular Develop RESTful APIs with amazing documentation Work closely with the product team Occasionally jump on a conference call with a vendor Write great unit tests Perform code reviews for your teammates Submit well-formed pull requests Train and deploy ML models in Python Research new features for model training to improve model quality Gather and cleanup data sets What you bring to the team In order to represent the best of what we have to offer you come to us with a multitude of positive attributes including: A 4 year degree in Computer Science or similar 3+ years of experience working as a software developer Solid Object-Orientated development skills Solid grasp of modern (RESTful) web applications Solid Java or similar language skills Solid grasp of SQL; PostgreSQL is a plus Common front end technologies such as Pug, Bower/NPM, Grunt, Angular, etc. Unit testing experience Agile Scrum or Kanban methodologies Scrum tools (Jira, confluence, etc.) Git with pull requests in a team environment Linux TCP/IP basics Knowledge of Continuous Integration / Delivery method experience (i.e. Teamcity, Jenkins, etc.) Teams or similar communication tools What makes you stand out Hibernate / JPA Spring or Spring Boot Tomcat/Jetty Cassandra AWS/SNS/SQS/RDS Docker Python and scikit-learn/Keras/Tensorflow Passion and/or aptitude for mathematics and statistics Technologies come and go, but your passion for learning technologies and applying them to the right projects will make you successful in this position. APPLICATION NOTE: In order to be considered, we require that you include a cover letter with your resume/application. Why Work here? We believe a career at RedBrick Health should provide competitive pay and benefits, a collaborative and supportive work environment, plus cutting-edge technology and services — more reasons to love it here.