Job Description: Why Work for Us? The Michaels Companies, Inc., is North America’s largest arts and crafts specialty retailer, with more than 1,300 stores in the United States and Canada. Together the teams in our stores, distribution and manufacturing centers, and support center work together to help our customers make creativity happen. We offer career growth, benefits packages, retirement plans, tuition reimbursement, and more. Michaels Team Members also enjoy a wide variety of ways to save including discounts at our stores, select fitness and childcare centers, restaurants, hotels, and more. What will you be doing? Basic Function: The Manager - Pricing Analytics plays critical role in revenue and margin management for the Merchandising organization by performing various pricing analyses to exceed the financial targets. This highly visible position manages the daily and weekly promotions for print and digital marketing vehicles, so to be successful strong analytical skills and business savviness is vital. The manager develops and uses analytics tools to draw insights and provides actionable recommendations while exhibiting higher-order critical thinking under ambiguous situations. Primary Responsibilities: Accountable for promotional revenue and margin attainment that directly impacts the total company revenue and margin Conduct analyses to identify actionable insights around promotions that Merchants, Marketing, Inventory Planning and Divisional Pricing Managers can utilize Complete deep-dive analyses on the performance of various promotional and discount vehicles to formulate formulates data-based hypotheses for testing, implement tests, and evaluate results Manage the day-to-day promotional pricing activities of Ad financial reviews, offer discount reviews and approvals, post-event analyses, and other business priorities Develop and implement user-friendly analytics dashboards and tools that perform complex analysis manipulating large data sets to identify actionable business insights Initiate, partner with internal teams and complete promo process improvement initiatives Ad-hoc projects as identified by the supervisor Job Requirements: What you will need to do your job... Required Skills and Experience: Bachelor’s Degree required. MBA, or other Master’s degree in related field preferred Advanced MS Excel required. Tableau, Alteryx, SQL is preferred 5 or more years of relevant work experience with an ability to consistently think on your feet Has a high degree of personal accountability and ability to initiate and manage projects under minimal supervision Demonstrated ability to influence individuals to garner support for ideas backed by facts Strong analytical skills with experience in manipulating large datasets and a thorough-eye for detail Excellent organization, prioritization, and time management skills Ability to be flexible under shifting priorities is essential