Location: Seattle, WA Category: Staff Posted On: Fri Jun 1 2018 Job Description: Customer Engagement Serves as an advocate of the CIS HelpDesk customers' best interest. Responsible for the timely and thorough completion of customer help requests by taking ownership and seeing each task through to the customer's satisfaction. Responsible for coordinating computer support activities with multiple user departments and CIS internal teams, as well as third party vendors. Builds and maintains positive, constructive partnering relationships with the campus community. A high level of interactions with others through regular verbal and written communications is required. The position necessitates a strong belief in providing excellent customer service under any circumstance. Hardware and Software Support Provides high-level troubleshooting, maintenance, and end-user support for client hardware and software. Consults on a wide range of areas to identify technical solutions, provide analysis, design, development and maintenance support for client hardware and software. Technology Training Provides end-user support and training on all tools and services that CIS offers to the campus community. This training will range from creating and publishing HelpDesk materials and documentation, to working one-to-one with campus community members, and potentially offering training classes to SPU Faculty and Staff members for the purpose of educating them in the effective use of an offered campus technology. Documentation and Procedures Develop, implement and manage technical support processes, procedures, and documentation for end user support. Documents and procedures will serve to enforce standards, communicate best practices, define roles and responsibilities, and sustain the optimal technical support in the SPU community. Supervisor and Mentor Support and supervision of student employees as they help you to support the SPU community (train, support, mentor, evaluate, and assign tasks). Continuous Improvement Stays current on all current technology related to pc computing, audiovisual technology, industry best practices, tools, technologies and methodologies. Incorporates new knowledge and ideas into long range planning for client computing and standards. Maintain working knowledge of current security issues, laws and policies related to data and enterprise systems. Adaptability Accepts new or different conditions in varying capacities and adjusts quickly and cooperatively. The employee experiences routine interruption, heavy telephone usage, and must maintain a calm composure under any circumstance. Team Player Anticipates, self-initiates, and appropriately responds to team needs, workflow, and HelpDesk support. Committed to a collaborative and collegial mindset and positive attitude. Places the needs of the university and CIS above the preferences of oneself. Performs other related duties as assigned in order to support the mission of the team. Job Requirements: PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES: Strong analytical and problem-solving capabilities Well organized and extremely detail oriented Strong customer service ethic and great communication skills, both oral and written Passionate about delivering quality no matter what you are doing Can work both independently and in a collaborative team-oriented environment A self-starter, motivated to push the limits and think outside of the box Fondness for solutions that are simple, elegant, and effective Ability to work with and maintain confidential information ESSENTIAL QUALIFICATIONS: BS/BA in Computer Science or related technical field, BS/BA required for tier II and III positions. Experience for Tier II: At least four years of experience in technology support and PC repair. Experience supporting client software (Microsoft Office Products, Project, anti-spyware and anti-virus software, etc.) Experience working with central systems, operating environments and Internet tools, Active Directory, and other client hardware and software management tools required. Experience for Tier III: At least six years of experience in technology support and PC repair. Experience supporting client software (Microsoft Office Products, Project, anti-spyware and anti-virus software, etc.). Experience working with central systems, operating environments, Internet tools, and other client hardware and software management tools required. Extensive experience with PowerShell or other scripting languages. Ability to create and manage OS images for quickly deploying multiple PC's. Licensure/Certifications: Tier II/III - A+ Experience with : Multiple hardware and software systems, Windows OS, and Mac OS (Tier II), SCCM, WSUS, PowerShell, AD Group Policy, Windows & Mac OS (Tier III). Licensure/Certification: A+, and/or Microsoft Certification. For all levels: Excellent verbal and written communications skills a must. Strong interpersonal and teamwork skills. Proven customer service experience and skills. Software and Equipment Used: Windows OS, and Mac OS. Additional Information: The department will be hiring multiple positions. Tier placement depends on qualifications and experience. Please indicate in your cover letter which tier you think best matches your qualifications and interest. A wide range of candidates will be considered for these positions. The department encourages entry level to advanced candidates to apply, even if the qualifications met are not an exact match. Salary range: DOE Tier II starts at $60,000 annually Tier III starts at $70,000 annually