SUMMARY Responsible for ensuring cost effective transportation of materials and product, both domestically and internationally. Acts as corporate trade compliance representative and ensures adherence to US import/export regulations. Manages others responsible for daily domestic & international traffic, receiving/stores, and inventory control functions. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Administers and maintains corporate trade compliance programs. Prepares and files required reports as specified by government agencies, including US Departments of Homeland Security and Custom and Border Protection. Serves as primary contact for customs brokers, freight forwarders, import/export compliance matters, and government inquiries or notifications relating to compliance issues. Stays abreast of U.S. import/export regulatory changes and proposed legislation. Actively supports operational process controls through guidance and training with Sales, Finance, Marketing and Distribution functions to keep the company compliant with trade regulations. Negotiates freight and related contracts for ground, air, and ocean shipments. Ensures overall inbound and outbound freight costs are controlled and minimized. Manages customs brokers and performs audits against customs reports, broker data, vendor and shipper invoices, and import/export documentation. Studies shipping notices, bills of lading, invoices, orders, and other records to determine shipping priorities, work assignments, and shipping methods required to meet production schedules and /or customer requirements. Establishes and maintains operational procedures for verification of incoming and outgoing shipments, handling and disposition of parts and components, and keeping accurate warehouse inventory records. Determines work procedures, prepares work schedules, and expedites workflow; issues written and oral instructions. Insures accurate, timely receipt and delivery of materials and/or finished goods to internal and external customers. Managers the maintenance and accuracy of the inventory control system. Regular attendance is an essential function of this position. Compliance with all Company policies is required, including adherence to Company ISO 9001 Standard, Affirmative Action Plans, and Company Safety procedures & policies. Compliance with Company policies concerning maintaining a drug free workplace is also required. Employee must incorporate the Standards of Excellence as outlined by TWMC (Pride, Desire, Teamwork, Attention to Detail, and Follow Through) into their daily activities, in order to create a Total Quality Environment though a personal commitment to excellence. Other functions are, or may be required (non-essential functions). SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES Manages subordinate supervisors who supervise employees in the warehousing and logistics areas. Is responsible for the overall direction, coordination, and evaluation of this unit. Also directly supervises non- supervisory employees. Carries out supervisory in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and training, employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; approving performance; rewarding and discipline employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems. QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE Bachelor's degree in a Business or Technical subject area and 7-10 years of years of experience in land, sea, and air transportation logistics, including international transportation and import/export regulatory compliance. MUST BE FAMILIAR with C-TPAT procedures. Three to five years of experience in warehousing/shipping/receiving operations. Minimum of three years of experience in a management role. High level of proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite: Word, Excel, Power Point, and Outlook. LANGUAGE SKILLS Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public. MATHEMATICAL SKILLS Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference, and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry. Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations. REASONING ABILITY Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. P HYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to stand, walk, sit, and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel; stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl; and taste or smell. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. MANAGEMENT DISCLAIMER TECO-Westinghouse Motor Company's (TWMC) Management reserves the right to revise, change or modify the duties and responsibilities of this position at any time to meet business and organizational needs. This position description may not list all duties for this position. The incumbent in the position may be asked to perform other duties. This position description is not a contract for employment and either the incumbent or TWMC may terminate employment at any time, for any reason.