Job Category: Management/Executive Department: IT Operations & Infrastructure (420) Location: Los Angeles HQ, California, US Position Type: Full Time Requisition ID: 511 Established in 1997, L.A. Care Health Plan is an independent public agency created by the state of California to provide health coverage to low-income Los Angeles County residents. We are the nation’s largest publicly operated health plan. Serving more than 2 million members in five health plans, we make sure our members get the right care at the right place at the right time. Mission: L.A. Care’s mission is to provide access to quality health care for Los Angeles County's vulnerable and low-income communities and residents and to support the safety net required to achieve that purpose. DUTIES The Telecommunications Integration Manager manages all administrative, integration, planning and monitoring aspects of Call Center, IVR, phone Conferencing, Right fax, Work force management, scripting and Cisco Unified Contact Enterprise (UCCE, PCCE). Is also responsible for planning and managing the installation, configuration, and design of telecommunication devices and services. Plan and guide telecomm disaster recovery exercises to demonstrate the capability of establishing Telecommunications in the event of an outage. Perform research, evaluation, installation, and upgrades of Telecom hardware and applications. Ensures Member Services Department is effectively supported to meet their member support mission. QUALIFICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS EDUCATION Required: High School Diploma Preferred: Associate's or Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field. EXPERIENCE With High School Diploma: 12 years of experience in telecommunications administration with at least 5 years of experience working with Call Center systems, IVR, Conferencing, Right fax, Cisco Universal Call Manager, WebEx, IM, NICE, Nuance, Noble and UCCE, Work force management and with the demonstrated experience on the following list of stated knowledge/experience/ skills and with at least 3-5 years of supervisory/ management experience. Experience in managing and owning telecommunications technologies. Preferred: With Associate's Degree: 9 years of experience in telecommunications administration with at least 5 years of experience working with Call Center systems, IVR, Conferencing, Right fax, Cisco Universal Call Manager, WebEx, IM, NICE, Nuance, Noble and UCCE, Work force management and with the demonstrated experience on the following list of stated knowledge/experience/ skills and with at least 3-5 years of supervisory/ management experience. With Bachelor's Degree: 6-8 years of experience in telecommunications administration with at least 5 years of experience working with Call Center systems, IVR, Conferencing, Right fax, Cisco Universal Call Manager, WebEx, IM, NICE, Nuance, Noble and UCCE, Work force management and with the demonstrated experience on the following list of stated knowledge/experience/ skills and with at least 3-5 years of supervisory/ management experience. L.A. Care offer a wide range of benefits including Paid Time Off (PTO) Tuition Reimbursement Retirement Plans Medical, Dental and Vision Wellness Program Job Segment: Medical, Call Center Manager, Call Center Supervisor, Call Center, Healthcare, Customer Service