The BI Engineer, Tableau will be expected to help design and principally implement intelligent new analytics product offerings in Tableau; while helping to guide the establishment of our analytics applications using requirements from our internal and external customers. The candidate must be a skilled data visualization expert that has experience with data governance. Your Responsibilities Collaborate Swisslog Healthcare Technical Product Management resources to implement market and customer driven requirements as-code or as appropriate within the Tableau development environment. Provide technical support as appropriate for data engineering and data scientist resources for development of data governance systems and policy within the Swisslog pharmacy analytics application framework in Tableau. Provide thought-leadership and a high degree of skill and expertise with respect to how requirements are best implemented as features within the Tableau development framework. Develop and support external and internal data analysis and visualization/dashboarding in Tableau with features (dashboards) that support these application requirements. Work with Tableau Desktop and Tableau Server to manage and curate various live and extracted (TDE) datasources Design and implement complex queries utilizing SQL Commands, Views, Stored Procedures Work closely with Quality Assurance personnel to plan and codify product capabilities and requirements so as to be testable and verifiably correct. Assist with critical analysis of test results and deliver solutions to problem areas Identify and research data structures and challenges with minimum documentation Performs other duties, as assigned such as assist Tier-3 support from time-to- time on critical matters. Your Profile Demonstrated experience delivering effective visualizations to business users. Familiarity with best practices around data visualization design principles Thorough knowledge of, and experience with, data warehousing concepts and structures, to be able to recommend aggregated data structures or calculate data elements in order to optimize dashboard performance Experience visually exploring data and creating production ready dashboards in Tableau. Familiar with Tableau's advanced analytics capabilities including: calculated fields, table calculations, LOD expressions, trends, parameters, and stats. Considers the ultimate impact of decisions and actions on internal and external customers. Experience working with SQL (MSSQL, PostGreSQL, data warehousing concepts) and ability to write complex SQL queries Migration and ETL experience with moving on-premise data in/out of AWS cloud services including S3, RDS, and Redshift Excellent interpersonal and communications skills (both verbally and written), can effectively convey logical rationale for decisions and explain the results and implications of experiments Advanced Degree in related quantitative fields would be ideal or clear demonstration of 2-5 years of relevant experience as a minimum prerequisite. Desirable but not Essential: Experience with inventory and supply chain management is a plus Experience in the Healthcare industry a plus Experience developing BI/analytical dashboards to enhance business decision- making capabilities Experience in Python or R We Offer Swisslog offers challenging work in a globally networked environment as well as competitive base salary, comprehensive benefits including health/dental and above-market 401K! OUR SOLUTIONS DELIVER RESULTS. OUR EMPLOYEES DELIVER SOLUTIONS. Swisslog is an EEO Employer, Females/Minority/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Swisslog’s FMLA policy can be found at: http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/fmlaen.pdf Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you require reasonable accommodation to complete the application or to perform your job, please contact Human Resources at jobs.healthcare.us@swisslog.com . Contact Andy Levine Talent Acquisition Manager