_Your Talent. Our Vision._ At Empire Blue Cross , a proud member of the Anthem, Inc. family of companies, it's a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we're creating greater access to care for our members, greater value for our customers, and greater health for our communities. Join us and together we will drive the future of health care. This is an exceptional opportunity to do innovative work that means more to you and those we serve. Process Improvement Consultant Work location: Office in one of the following New York locations: Albany, New York City Responsible for tracking, analyzing, monitoring and ensuring all aspects of strategic sales initiatives are being executed successfully. Responsible for generating reports on sales initiatives, gathering competitive data and packaging for management review. Contributes to achieve department's objectives by serving as key contact for researching and implementing initiatives Primary duties may include, but are not limited to: Will work closely with the Account Management and Sales teams to track progress to goals. Prepares data reports for all measured goals, identifies gaps and makes recommendations. Gather and track competitive data. Pull data from Salesforce to track progress. Represent the department on special projects and implementation of sales initiatives. Acts as the subject matter expert on new initiatives being rolled out and responsible for training of sales associates . Manage projects as assigned. Review / analyze monthly workload reports to ensure goals are on-target (timeliness, backlog) to meet customer expectations. Identify gaps in execution of sales responsibilities that may impact ability to achieve goals. Requires a BA/BS degree in a related field, 5-8 years of related experience; or any combination of education and experience, which would provide an equivalent background. \- Successful Project Management experience preferred. - Previous experience in high-volume department required. - Ability to gather data, analyze and put into standard reporting packages .- Excellent oral, written and interpersonal communication skills required. - Strong analytical, organizational, planning, problem solving and project/decision facilitation skills required. - Some/limited travel may be required.- Incumbent must be highly organized, detail oriented and possess the ability to complete things accurately and on time. - Ability to work in a fast-paced sales environment required. Anthem, Inc. is ranked as one of America's Most Admired Companies among health insurers by Fortune magazine and is a 2017 DiversityInc magazine Top 50 Company for Diversity. To learn more about our company and apply, please visit us at antheminc.com/careers. An Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veteran