The King Open School Community: The King Open School is dedicated to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s dream of equal opportunity for all children. Our inclusive learning community supports academic achievement and equity through culturally responsive learning experiences exploring in-depth themes and projects. Our students pursue themes such as the U.S. Constitution, the Charles River, Resistance to Slavery, and Immigration. Students read nonfiction, historical fiction and primary sources; and create projects such as map-making, playwriting, and mock citizenship tests. Our students extend their learning through curriculum-driven field trips. Recent examples include attending a Mock Boston Massacre Trial at Faneuil Hall, traveling to Plimouth Plantation, exploring the battlefields of Lexington and Concord, and taking hikes along the Charles River. King Open is home to the Olá English-Portuguese two-way immersion program. Olá students develop academic excellence through proficiency in reading, writing, and speaking in both languages. Portuguese study continues through 8th grade at Cambridge Street Upper School. King Open Extended Day (KOED) is our unique afterschool program, made possible through collaboration with the Department of Human Services. Extended Day creates explicit links between in-school and out-of-school learning experience. Academic supports are offered within a more holistic focus on children’s social and emotional development. The Role: The ICTS school based team, comprised of a Library Media Specialist, Instructional Technology Specialist, and Technology Support Technician, and building administration work as a team to provide support at the building level. Under the direction of the Principal and Assistant Director of Educational Technology, the Instructional Technology Specialist is responsible for ensuring that technology is an integral part of the classrooms, curriculum, and administration of the school building. Key Responsibilities : Teaching and Learning: Collaborates with teachers and other instructional staff to develop curriculum that effectively integrates technology and ensures proficiency of the MA Digital Literacy & Computer Science Framework Evaluates, selects, and models appropriate technology tools to support instruction Designs, teaches, and supports professional development opportunities for staff Collaborates with the Library Media Specialist to design integrated projects Follows a plan for professional development and actively seeks out opportunities to grow professionally Meets bi-weekly with the principal to problem solve current/potential issues as well as to orchestrate opportunities to amplify the use of technology at KO for students, staff and caregivers Information Access & Delivery: Educates students and staff on the district’s Acceptable Use Policy and other related policies and procedures Explores, evaluates, and shares emerging technologies with staff and students Works with the Technology Support Technician to create and maintain student, teacher and staff accounts in a variety of software and online applications Program Administration: Supports the Technology Support Technician with on site troubleshooting for technical difficulties within the building Works with the ICTS department to develop, implement, and update the district Technology Plan and incorporates principles into school technology planning Attends regular school and department meetings Performs other duties as assigned Your Skill Set: As the incoming Instructional Technology Specialist you will possess many, though perhaps not all, of the following characteristics and qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree or higher in the field of Education with coursework or advance degree work in the area of Technology Integration in Education. Three years of teaching experience or equivalent in the field of technology preferred. Knowledge of G Suite for Education, iOS, Chromebooks, Mac OS and Windows operating systems. Experience in network technology, hardware, software and assistive technology. Experience in collaborative group work that focuses on technology integration and information literacy. Massachusetts Licensure in Instructional Technology or Digital Literacy & Computer Science. How to Join Our Team: Please upload a resume and thoughtful cover letter, outlining how your skills, experience, and commitment to equity in education meet the qualifications of the position as well as stating how you heard about this opportunity At the Cambridge Public Schools, we are committed to cultivating an environment where diverse perspectives and backgrounds are embraced, acknowledging that a team reflecting diversity of race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, marital/domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, and veteran status allows us to serve our communities better. To that end, we welcome and encourage applicants to bring their authentic selves when considering employment opportunities within our school district.