Req ID: 20464 Shift: Weekends Employment Status: AP - Active - Regular - Part Time Job Summary The Family Relations Coordinator is responsible for direct oversight and successful delivery of service operations for The Connelly Resource Center for Families, CRCF, and the library, located on the 8 th floor of the Main building, the Buerger Welcome Center, and The Little Rock Family Resource Room, LRFR, located on the 1 st floor of the Children’s Seashore House. The coordinator partners with families and staff to locate health information, navigate the organization and provide necessary resources to support safe, high quality care experiences for patients and families.. The coordinator will actively maintain resource information, periodicals and up- to-date materials in the centers and designated CHOP sites. Responsible for inventory of supplies and contacting appropriate departments to ensure safe and clean conditions. Provides oversight and direction to Volunteers and Light Duty staff assigned to Family Relations Department. The coordinator will work in collaboration with the various unit Charge Nurses to assign the Connelly Center Sleep rooms and distribute keys to the appropriate families on the units. In addition, the coordinator is responsible for capturing relevant data in the centers and the library. The coordinators will record daily data metrics for the center and inventory supplies. Staff will also be asked to lead tours of the center, library and resource room for patients, families, visitor and invited guests of the Hospital. Finally, the coordinator will exemplify the tenets of patients and family-centered care within the hospital at all times. Job Responsibilities Customer Service Is committed to delivering services founded on the principles of Patient and Family-Centered Care: Dignity and Respect, Participation, Collaboration, and Information Sharing to orient patients and their families to the centers. Greet patients and families as they enter the centers and the library. Talk with parents or caregivers to determine specific needs and help families find the information they requested using the available resources in the centers or redirect to more appropriate resource/department and arrange hand-off. Abides by and enforces Hospital’s safety policies in regards to unaccompanied minors, infection control and visitor restrictions. The Centers and Library Orient families to the centers and library and assist with requests. Review and implement sign-up and assignment procedures for allocated resources (sleep rooms, linens, supplies). Exercise sound and fair judgment allocating resources. Must assess resource supply and needs of families to create priority assignments. Collaborate with Unit Charge Nurse and Unit to prioritize the needs of the families who have signed up for a sleep room and assign families to overnight accommodations located with the hospital. Use the library’s automation system to locate books and other resources from the collection. Registering patients and their family members when they desire to check out material. Review all pertinent information on the library’s registration form and enter this data in the patron module of the library’s system. Verify return date on book pocket, book card and the module for material circulation. Use the available resources within the library and the Internet to assist families in identifying pertinent pediatric health care information. Redirect family members back to their health care providers here at CHOP to help them understand and interpret the information that they have obtained. Assist patients and families identify appropriate adaptive equipment and software; find resources and other material upon request in the Little Rock Family Resource Room. Maintain a special resource list for hearing, developmentally and visually impaired patients to share with families as needed. Orients and trains new staff and light duty personnel assigned to the centers. Identify potential barriers to workflow and collaborating problem-solve in order to deliver safe, high quality experiences to patients, families and staff who utilize centers and involved services. Job Responsibilities (Continued) Daily Operations Maintains a consistent presence in the resource centers. Responsible for providing prompt attention and assistance to patient and families to best match needs and resources. Cross-covers to ensure optimal staffing for all of the Family Relations’ support areas. Check-out and check-in material from the library, input family data in the library’s database. Answers the telephone in a timely fashion, at least by the third ring. Ascertains that equipment, microwave, coffee maker, washer/dryers are operating properly for families Follow standard procedures for infection control before material are re-shelved. Contact the IS department to place a service call for computer repairs when needed. Inform co-workers of any significant issues that may impact the services to families during the schedule work day and at change of shift. Provide tours of the center, the library and the resource room as needed, documenting the group’s name and the number of people receiving the tour. Update and utilize the centers’, and the library’s list of most frequently used telephone numbers. Job Responsibilities (Continued) Required Licenses, Certifications, Registrations None Required Education and Experience Minimum H.S. diploma Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic preferred A.S., B.S., or B.A. in related discipline with a minimum of 3 years related work history or 3 years of customer service experience. Additional Technical Requirements Excellent computer skills, the Microsoft Office Suite of programs, plus experience using the Internet to conduct basic consumer health literature searches. Proven capability of problem solving and conflict resolution. Ability to work collaboratively with hospital staff, volunteers and professionals affiliated with hospital services. Demonstrates cultural competence and sensitivity to special needs, various coping styles and sophistication for working with patients and families under duress. All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer). Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 866-820-9288 Email: TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu