Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, one of the world’s leading global law firms with almost 4,000 lawyers and staff in 30 offices is currently seeking a Business Operations Analyst for its firm-wide Operations Team resident based in our Philadelphia office. The qualified candidate will report to the Director of Business Operations, with a primary focus in the eData/IPPG Practice Groups. The position requires a combination of analytical, project management and interpersonal skills to support the daily business operations, financial management and strategic vision of our Practice leadership team. Key responsibilities of this position include: Developing financial and business analyses using Qlik, MS Access, MS Excel, and/or other financial software; Creating financial and statistical models and other tools to enhance and streamline reporting processes; Contributing to the annual budget preparation and subsequent quarterly variance reporting and analysis; Assisting with inventory management, matter budget development, pricing support and performance analysis. Providing support for special projects and initiatives at the request of Practice leadership. Qualified candidates will have: A Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting or related business discipline One to two years of relevant analytical experience. Excellent financial and analytical skills (including demonstrated proficiency in MS Excel, MS Access, MS Word) Excellent communication skills, outstanding judgment, a strong service orientation The ability to manage multiple priorities while delivering the highest quality work product. Qualified candidates can apply online by visiting our website at www.morganlewis.com and selecting “Careers.” Morgan Lewis is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Pursuant to applicable state and municipal Fair Chance Laws and Ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.