23andMe is looking for a Manager, Data Analytics who will build and create data and metrics that will power our Operations team as we scale our business. Who we are Since 2006, 23andMe’s mission has been to help people access, understand, and benefit from the human genome. We are a group of passionate individuals pushing the boundaries of what’s possible to help turn genetic insight into better health and personal understanding. Who you are You bring an analytical mindset and business knowledge when designing and executing strategic business metrics as well as new workflows, with the goal of identifying business opportunities, process optimizations, issues, and enhancing management’s visibility into the business. You deliver analytics, large data analysis and recommendations, critical business insights and have exceptional written and oral communication skills. You have strong attention to detail, bias for action, ability to partner, and the ability to work in a fast-paced and changing environment. What you’ll do Deliver data-driven insights and actionable recommendations to key stakeholders Perform exploratory data analysis to identify trends, patterns, correlations, and insights. Plan, manage and influence the activities of a team or teams of specialists that provide business intelligence and strategic planning support for business segments or the company at large. Lead initiatives to analyze complex business problems and issues using data from internal and external sources. Monitor existing metrics, analyze data, partner with internal and external stakeholders to identify process and system improvements and develop key metrics and performance indicators to evaluate overall operational and financial performance. Make recommendations on system integration improvements and general system infrastructure. Partner with internal and external organizations to drive these improvements to realization. Present written business recommendations to leadership in a clear and compelling way. Identify data quality and process improvement opportunities. Think like a customer and bring data to drive business decisions that ultimately improve the customer experience. What you’ll bring Bachelor's degree in Business, Engineering, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or related experience; MBA or Ph.D a plus 5+ years of experience in a business analyst/data analyst/statistical analyst role Microsoft Excel and Data Warehouse experience a must Project management and process improvement experience / LEAN a plus Attention to detail and general organizational skills Excellent communication (verbal and written), interpersonal skills, and an ability to effectively communicate with business and technical teams Success communicating across organizations at all levels and managing various levels of employees. Financial acumen with experience overseeing operational and project budgets. Analytical and problem-solving skills. Familiarity with Laboratory Operations, CLIA, CAP, and / or Biotech, etc is a plus Experience hunting data in SQL as well as other business applications. Experience conducting advanced statistical analyses and translating the analysis for executives and / or business partners. Advanced Microsoft Office (Project, Excel and PowerPoint) skills. About Us 23andMe, Inc. is the leading consumer genetics and research company. Our mission is to help people access, understand and benefit from the human genome. The company was named by MIT Technology Review to its “50 Smartest Companies, 2017” list, and named one of Fast Company’s “25 Brands That Matter Now, 2017”. 23andMe has over 5 million customers worldwide, with ~85 percent of customers consented to participate in research. 23andMe is located in Mountain View, CA. More information is available at www.23andMe.com ( https://www.23andme.com/ ). At 23andMe, we value a diverse, inclusive workforce and we provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to an individual’s race, color, sex, gender identity, gender expression, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you are unable to submit your application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at accommodations-ext@23andme.com. 23andMe will reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities to the extent required by applicable law. Please note: 23andMe does not accept agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Thank you.