Company Overview Mitchell International, Inc. is a leading provider of information and workflow solutions to the Property & Casualty Claims Industry and their supply chain partners. We solve interesting and complex problems that directly affect the customers our clients serve. We are constantly adapting to stay on the forefront of emerging technologies and we work diligently to maintain our position as a thought leader within our industry. Job Description This position will act as a member of a team of Network Engineers. Willingness to work with new technologies and work independently within the team is a must. The general environment is blended and this engineer would be expected to be able to work with and troubleshoot issues across the various network platforms. These include Cisco, F5, Arista, and Palo Alto. Candidates must be self-starters, comfortable with spending time in a data center, and have the ability to work independently. DUTIES Implement new network hardware and software as needed including load balancers, firewalls, routers, switches and intrusion prevention devices. Work with cross-functional teams to support our data centers with upgrades and maintenance activities. This will include occasional after hours support, cabling, and physical hardware installation. Seek out and correct security shortcomings and with products such as Nessus, Saint, and the many online tools. Meet with other teams throughout the company to discuss and propose new projects and new potential directions in network specific projects. Troubleshoot connectivity issues in a high-speed critical uptime environment; experience with Wireshark and other sniffing tools a must. Act an escalation point for research and team education throughout the WAN and LAN. Configure, test, and manage critical network data center and WAN infrastructure across an international network. Deploy infrastructure network technologies consistent with corporate standards and in collaboration with Enterprise IT architects. Maintain standard technical, support, operational and security documentation. Act as higher-level support during incident response activities. Capable of working independently in a high paced highly dynamic environment. Qualifications 5-8 or more years of related experience supporting LAN/WAN Wireless networks and VOIP in large (1000+ user) environments. Bachelor's Degree in related field or equivalent experience required. Advanced computer skills from a Network WAN and VOIP perspective. Hands-on experience implementing, administrating, and troubleshooting Cisco switches and routers devices. Internet based IPSEC and SSL VPN tunnel experience. A thorough understanding of the OSI network mode, Ethernet, HTTP, and TCP/IP. Some experience with IP routing OSPF, BGP, EIGRP, and WAN technologies. Strong level of knowledge with LAN switching and VLANs including VRF’s. A practical level of experience implementing and administrating common TCP/IP based services, including DNS, NHCP, HTTP, FTP, SSH, SMTP, etc. MPLS, Point 2 Point L2, and VPLS mesh network experience helpful. Experience with Splunk and supporting Spunk on Linux. Linux experience in general is a plus. Experience with Cisco ASA, and Palo Alto Firewalls is a plus. Experience with scripting, specific plus for experience with Python or JavaScript. Experience with the management, configuration, and engineering solutions on F5 LTM, APM, and GTM appliances with irules is a plus. Experience with Linux variants, AD, and other OS’s is a plus. Experience with various advanced and developing technologies such as Citrix, VMWare, UCS, OTV, and LISP is a plus. Knowledge and understanding of ITIL and process management. Mitchell International, an equal opportunity employer, values the diversity of our workforce and the knowledge of our people. Mitchell will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex/gender, age, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.