Location: Houston | Austin Responsibilities include but are not limited to: BA/BS degree in a technical field. 5 years of industry related experience. Enterprise Windows fleet management background (access rights, GPOs, etc.) in a mixed environment (Linux, Windows, Mac OS X, etc.). Understanding of network configurations, including routing and switching infrastructure in enterprise environments Lead projects and work autonomouslyAs an IT Systems Specialist at Percento, you take ownership of and provide support to the needs Percento’s clients at all levels. Percento values diversity in the skill sets of our personnel and IT Systems Specialists will be working with all equipment and systems in the IT environment. You’re highly technical and work directly with the Percento Team to ensure reliability and sustainability of client networks as well as compliance with internal policies. Success in this role means you are able to support systems in a mixed operating system environment and work efficiently with client users of all skill sets. Clients rely on your guidance when it comes to planning and design decisions so you’ll have a direct impact in keeping their businesses productive. A healthy Windows infrastructure is critically important to Percento’s success, and, like all other functions at Percento, we strive to be the best. An IT Systems Specialist at Percento is responsible for the core services required to manage, maintain, and support the needs of the user base. You will work directly with a team of Percento personnel to ensure reliability and sustainability of the environments we manage. This role isn’t just for someone keeping Windows afloat — it’s a role in a dynamic environment for someone who thinks about innovating.Responsibilities Architect, Automate and Manage the IT platform for a variety of environments, each with its own set of specific challenges. Develop and implement process improvements in how we build, secure, manage, and maintain our user communities. Architect creative solutions leveraging Percento’s production infrastructure. Be innovative in your approach to systems design and management. Be a driving factor in improving our clients’ experience. Minimum qualifications Experience with the management, security and optimization of Windows deployments including but not limited to Windows 8, 10 and Server 2010, 2012. Experience with designing and implementing build automation, and configuration management for operating system platforms Experience architecting, implementing and managing virtualized desktop and server infrastructure (such as Citrix, VMware, etc.). Experience in automation using programming/scripting languages (such as Python, C, C, C++, PowerShell). Additional Desirable Qualifications .Career Form