What does a Best Buy Apple Computing Master do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. Best Buy Apple Computing Masters excel at selling products and services, working closely with other members of the sales team. They accumulate the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self development. Then, armed with the right tools and knowledge, they create ease and add value to the Best Buy shopping experience, ensuring customers’ end-to- end needs are met. As a trusted adviser and partner, Best Buy Apple Computing Masters deliver unique customer value by developing strong relationships with customers, bringing them a little closer to family and friends by helping them close the gaps with technology. You’re a techno learner who enjoys working with people-employees and customers! Apple Computing Masters must not only know latest products-mobile devices, laptops, tablets-but stay ahead of the curve by frequently exploring and learning about new products and solutions. 80% of your time you will: Engage customers using selling skills to build complex, connected solutions in a fast-paced, dynamic environment where customers feel supported and leave delighted. Inspire customers by showing them what’s possible with technology. 20% of your time you will: Use innovative training tools to stay current, confident and complete, driving profitable growth and achieving individual and department goals. Accumulate and apply the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self-development, enabling you to provide an excellent customer shopping experience. Maintain your department’s merchandising and readiness to serve customers. Back up the sales team for phone and store pickup. Perform other duties as assigned. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Apple Computing Master? Basic Qualifications 1 year of experience in sales, customer service or related field Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications Prior experience serving as a specialist/enthusiast in premium, luxury or complex technology product/services 1 year sales experience 1 year experience working with consumer electronics products/services What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.