About the Role WeWork is currently seeking an expert in indoor environmental quality for the Sustainability & Wellbeing team, to guide the company's efforts to ensure high-performing environments for WeWork's members and employees. As the in- house expert on the indoor environment and its impact on human health and cognition, this individual should have a solid background working with the built environment in practical applications, although research experience is also helpful. The role will involve collaborative work across disciplines with architects, designers, engineers, operations professionals and others to hit WeWork's goals for healthy environments. This is a great role for someone looking to implement cutting edge technologies and design interventions in areas such as distributed sensor networks, biophilic design, and IEQ performance measurement programs. Responsibilities (including but not limited to): Report to the Head of Sustainability & Wellbeing Develop a performance measurement program to assess WeWork member sites in a variety of health-related realms including acoustics, lighting, thermal comfort, toxic exposures, and physical well-being. Conduct evaluations and research to find impactful and scalable ways to optimize indoor environments for health & wellbeing. Educate colleagues on best practices, standards and protocols, and the science behind the health impacts of the built environment. Assist project team members and other leaders in pursuing measurable improvements to health and productivity outcomes in WeWork locations. Stay up-to-date on global trends, relevant case studies, and the latest research in the field. Lead and support reporting of wellbeing metrics, data and analysis, for the WeWork portfolio. Develop training and communication materials for internal audiences. Qualifications: Master's degree in a related field is required, PhD in a related field is ideal. 6+ years of professional experience, including 2+ years of research experience and 2+ years of experience in the building industry. Strong technical mastery of all IEQ categories, including a technical mastery of, and experience with, measurement methods and protocols in all areas (areas include air quality, acoustics, thermal comfort, and light at a minimum). Ability to influence and to work cross-functionally in support of sustainability team objectives and goals. Excellent interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills and outstanding relationship building skills at all levels inside and outside the organization. Strong quantitative analytical skills, including a mastery of Microsoft Excel and large datasets. Results oriented with an ability to operate multiple projects. A self-starter with superior organizational skills. Demonstrated industry experience within the building/construction industry. Familiarity with industry research and trends, and ability to distill substantial and complex data into key insights and relevant takeaways. Subject matter expertise in construction and building materials. Proven ability to work in a fast-paced, changing environment, and effectively manage and meet multiple, simultaneous deadlines with minimum assistance while maintaining a sense of humor. Fluency in English Who you are: Someone who is ready to get their hands dirty Gets happy and excited that no two days are the same Loves working with numerous people day to day Never take yourself too seriously