Job Description As Packaging R&D; Engineer for Intel’s Materials Technology Development organization, candidate would work to develop, qualify, and ramp materials for use in products across multiple segments. The candidate should have a good understanding of the fundamentals of materials/polymers, processing, and structure-property relationships. Technical skills must include data analysis, and statistical design. This includes working with ATTD Module Engineering and Core Competency teams to identify material needs, working with suppliers to develop solutions to those needs, and interacting w/ Global Supply Management and the Corporate Quality Network to enable those solutions in high volume. Candidate will need to perform material characterization experiments, identify potential failure modes, understand the structure-property-performance interactions , conduct material technology assessments, and make material technology recommendations. Travel to materials suppliers’ sites is required. _This is an entry level position and will be compensated accordingly._ _The ideal candidate should exhibit the following behavioral traits:_ Effective communication and presentations skills (written and verbal) Be a team player. Demonstrated project management skills, and well developed influencing skills. Problem solving. Ability to closely collaborate across multiple teams. Qualifications You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work/classes/research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences. _Minimum Qualifications:_ Possess a Ph.D in Materials Science, Mechanical Engineering, Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, or Metallurgy, with excellent understanding of materials characterization tools and techniques. Willingness to travel on a average time of 10% to materials suppliers’ sites. _Preferred Qualifications:_ Strong understanding of Die Prep, Assembly, Surface Mount Technology (SMT) process-equipment is desired Strong understanding of heat transfer and its relation to material properties Knowledge of statistical methods, Design of Experiments Inside this Business Group As the world's largest chip manufacturer, Intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state-of-the-art - from semiconductor process development and manufacturing, through yield improvement to packaging, final test and optimization, and world class Supply Chain and facilities support. Employees in the Technology and Manufacturing Group are part of a worldwide network of design, development, manufacturing, and assembly/test facilities, all focused on utilizing the power of Moore’s Law to bring smart, connected devices to every person on Earth Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.