Transforming the future of healthcare isn’t something we take lightly. It takes teams of the best and the brightest, working together to make an impact. As one of the largest healthcare technology companies in the U.S., we are a catalyst to accelerate the journey toward improved lives and healthier communities. Here at Change Healthcare, we’re using our influence to drive positive changes across the industry, and we want motivated and passionate people like you to help us continue to bring new and innovative ideas to life. If you’re ready to embrace your passion and do what you love with a company that’s committed to supporting your future, then you belong at Change Healthcare. Pursue purpose. Champion innovation. Earn trust. Be agile. Include all. Empower Your Future. Make a Difference. Summary: Our team (HealthQX) within Change Healthcare is the fastest growing and most looked up to in the entire company for the impact of its work. We are cutting edge in terms of the technologies and always innovating. If you’re ready to embrace your passion and do what you love with a company that’s committed to supporting your future, then you belong at Change Healthcare. We’re looking for a skilled, detail-oriented individual to fill an important role on Change Healthcare’s Value Based Payment (VBP) Development/Implementation Team. The VBP Development/Implementation team is responsible for executing our VBP processes in a production environment, analyzing a customer’s health care claims data, and implement customer specific business rules. Attention to detail and stringent adherence to our data quality standards are a must. You’ll need great SQL and ETL skills, the ability to both follow directions and think for yourself, and strong analytical skills. Some weekend and evening work may be necessary. An understanding of health care claims data will definitely help you, as will any programming skills you’ve acquired. POSITION: ETL Developer/Implementation/SQL Server LOCATION: King of Prussia, PA Responsibilities: Conduct daily operations centered around VBP processing of customer data Perform preliminary validation on customer data Aid in gathering client requirements regarding new data formats or features Develop, design, tune and maintain ETL processes Generate, modify and maintain data object scripts (DDL) Perform with exemplary accuracy and attention to detail Critical Requirements: 3+ years of experience with SQL Server and at least 1 year of experience with SQL Server 2012/2014/2016 2+ years of experience with ETL development utilizing SSIS 3+ years of experience of SQL Skills 1+ years of experience with production data operations/high volume; preferably healthcare claim data Additional Skills & Knowledge: Knowledgeable on SDLC processes. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Experience with cloud platforms, such as Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services Experience with big data technologies including PolyBase and Hadoop C programming knowledge Education: Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or equivalent related experience Benefits & Company Statement Change Healthcare is one of the largest, independent healthcare technology companies in the United States. We are a key catalyst of a value-based healthcare system working alongside our customers and partners to accelerate the journey towards improved lives and healthier communities. We provide software and analytics, network solutions and technology-enabled services that help our customers obtain actionable insights, exchange mission- critical information, control costs, optimize revenue opportunities, increase cash flow and effectively navigate the shift to value-based healthcare. Our solutions enable improved efficiencies and insights for all major stakeholders across the healthcare system, including commercial and governmental payers, employers, hospitals, physicians and other providers, laboratories and consumers. Change Healthcare is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer minorities/females/veterans/persons with disabilities. Qualified applicants will not be disqualified from consideration for employment based upon criminal history. Agency Statement No agencies please. Join our team today where we are creating a better coordinated, increasingly collaborative, and more efficient healthcare system!