Republic Finance is looking for a senior professional to build and enhance the organization’s approach to loss forecasting and performance variance identification. This individual will build and perform qualitative and quantitative assessments of all aspects of the forecasting framework including calculation mechanics, theoretical approach, model design, identification of key drivers and assumptions, and details on execution as well as data quality and integrity for inputs and outputs. Job responsibilities are as follows: Lead the development of loss forecasting models that leverage risk rankings, roll rates, and other relevant portfolio stratification factors to anticipate the probability, timing, and magnitude of delinquency, losses, and recoveries on both a horizontal and vertical basis. Perform implementation and performance monitoring to ensure precision in implementation and understanding of variances to expectations. Prepare comprehensive documentation of the framework and implementation that will meet or exceed internal and external standards. Interacts with credit policy and modeling subject matter experts to ensure robust feedback between observations in forecasting, approach to forecasting, relevant credit analysis, and key business questions or concerns. Interact with business leaders within Republic to better understand the portfolio, risk exposures, key business questions, and modeling needs. Qualifications Five to ten years hands-on experience in portfolio performance and loss forecasting within consumer lending. Familiarity with technical forecasting methodologies to include relevant statistical and modeling techniques. Proficiency with relevant data mining, data visualization, and statistical packages. Ability to translate detailed results and observations into summaries appropriate for management consumption. Strong communication and presentation skills, a high level of initiative, intellectual curiosity and creativity, attention to detail, and a robust understanding of the consumer lending business that includes the various facets of a specialty lending operation. Bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline is required, advanced degree is attractive. Benefits We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package including: Health/Dental/Vision Paid Vacation 401 (K) and employer match Company provided Life Insurance & Long Term Disability Additional benefits with Republic include: Regular drawings for sports tickets Employee of the Month Program Philanthropic support for charities such as Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation and the American Cancer Society Professional offices with a friendly team environment _Republic Finance, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, national origin, age disability or veteran status in employment opportunities and benefits. Republic Finance, LLC maintains a Drug-Free Workplace._