The selected applicant will lead the development of novel machine learning algorithms to decode cognitive states based upon multichannel intracranial time series data from human and nonhuman subjects. He/she will implement dimensionality reduction techniques and evaluate and implement large-scale data processing architectures (Hadoop, Hive, Spark, etc.) to manage the analysis of hundreds of terabytes of neural and behavioral data. He/she will interface with principal investigators and senior research staff at leading neuroscience institutions and medical device companies, and present results to project sponsors. The ideal candidate will possess exceptional statistical and programming skills, and the ability to communicate complex concepts through sophisticated data visualizations. Qualifications Required Qualifications Background in machine learning, regression modeling, feature discovery/selection, optimization, exploratory data analysis, data mining, pattern recognition. Experience with the development and implementation of novel machine learning techniques. PhD in computer science, statistics, engineering, neuroscience or directly related quantitative field, or MS with at least 2 years relevant post-graduate experience. Experience with Python, C/C++ and object-oriented programming techniques. Experience with scientific computing languages (Python, R, SAS , Matlab). Preferred qualifications Experience with neural time series analysis. Experience with large-scale data storage processing architectures (Hadoop, Hive, Spark, etc.). Experience with collaborative software development. Experience with Windows, Mac and Linux development environments. Good communication, interpersonal, and leadership skills. Affirmative Action Statement Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.