Driving Infinite Possibilities Within A Diversified, Global Organization As the Offering Manager for Predictive Maintenance, you will be responsible for driving Predictive Maintenance SaaS/Service solutions for the Two Step channel (through distributors to contractors to end users). The preferred location for this role is Minneapolis, MN, USA but other US cities would be considered for the right candidate. You will work closely with our internal and external customers, and the HBT channel and sales teams to understand their needs and deliver products and solutions that will give HBT and its channels a long-term competitive advantage in the market. This role will be responsible for leading the new product innovation (NPI) for the Two Step channel and will partner with engineering to create innovative software-based solutions to meet our customers current and future needs. In addition, you will work closely with the Offering Managers responsible for the Direct and Partner (One Step) channel to leverage our software capabilities across channels and prioritize feature development globally. As well as having a Two Step channel focus, you will also specialize in developing our capabilities to predict mechanical maintenance needs using technologies such as machine learning. In this area you will need to take the needs of the other channels into account. You will be part of a fast paced, exciting team of product management professionals and you will report to the Global Software Offering Director for Predictive Maintenance. You will set the pricing strategy for your solutions, and play a leading role in the launch activities. Position Responsibilities: Lead and initiate voice of the customer (VOC) activities within global marketing channels working with our internal (sales and marketing) and external customers to uncover their unmet needs Keep a strong connection with key internal and external customers and industry stakeholders to anticipate trends and influence industry direction. This will require travel 10-25% of the time. Drive the software and services planning and roadmap execution processes. Develop and present to Honeywell’s executive leadership team, a compelling product development and marketing plan to meet the needs of our customers, differentiate against competition and to ensure that our core platform is evolving in line with market trends. Escalate issues related to product prioritization. Engage with the Brand business directors to align the offering roadmap and STRAP/AOP requirements. Understand new technology and its effects on HBT and work with technical experts to make appropriate decisions in the long term interest of the platform. Identify and drive partnerships where they enhance our ability to respond to market needs. Lead new offering projects to ensure excellent customer experience and a differentiated value proposition. Develop and execute project plans to support new product innovation (NPI) initiatives Develop dynamic pricing strategies for assigned products to create value for both our customers and the business. Work closely with Regional/Channel Marketing and Global Engineering to develop and execute on a compelling launch plan, kick starting Go To Market activities by producing core sales and marketing materials. Drive the process to ensure the right IT infrastructure is in place and functional transformation occurs. Guide the relevant technical experts and support teams to manage day to day issues with the products. Establish financial and operational performance metrics to measure success and call out where course correction is required. You will be responsible for the overall success of the offering and the business this enables for HBT. The position involves close interaction with external customers, line of business GMs, channel/brand marketing managers, regional marketing, engineering, and other functions. 20 New Product Introduction 20 Create Product Roadmaps 20 Marketing Plans 20 Project Planning 20 Value base price strategy YOU MUST HAVE Bachelor’s Degree – technical WE VALUE MBA preferred Deep understanding of building automation software systems Software platform experience or software product management experience Experience developing cloud based products Experience working in an Agile environment Experience virtually coordinating global teams Track record of defining, developing, and taking to market complex products / systems and delivering outstanding growth and profitability in complex B2B environments Experience in managing multiple, complex projects and changing priorities, making sound decisions and working effectively in a matrix environment Excellent strategic, operational, and project management capabilities Global mindset and cross-cultural sensitivity Proven ability to build senior level executive relationships Outstanding communication skills and ability to operate across countries, communicate and coordinate effectively across organizational boundaries Exempt How Honeywell is Connecting the World INCLUDES 1st Shift Continued Professional Development ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Job ID: HRD32273 Category: Marketing Location: 1985 Douglas Drive North, Golden Valley, MN 55422 USA Honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.