Accelerate Your Career _Drive global technology_ With more than $2 billion in revenues, CDK Global is a leading global provider of integrated information technology and digital marketing solutions to the automotive retail and adjacent industries. Focused on enabling end-to-end automotive commerce, CDK provides solutions to dealers in more than 100 countries around the world, serving approximately 28,000 retail locations and most automotive manufacturers. CDK Global solutions automate and integrate critical processes from pre-sale targeted advertising to the sale, financing, insurance, parts supply, repair and maintenance of vehicles, with an increasing focus on utilizing data analytics and predictive intelligence. We’re large enough to make a difference but small enough for your voice to be heard. This means that we are an organization where every person matters. You can make an impact on the success of our business and that of our customers regardless of what career you decide to pursue. From data scientists to sales and client service experts, we’re hiring to support your growth and ours - Green light your career. CDK Global is hiring a BI Analyst! THE IDEAL CANDIDATE WILL POSSESS : . A background in web analytics or online advertising. Prior experience in a digital advertising/marketing agency preferred. . Strong experience with Google Analytics. . Experience with SQL and Tableau. PRINCIPLE DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES CDK Digital Marketing is seeking a BI Data Analyst II who will help guide stakeholders through the process of designing data solutions for clients, while having the technical skills to build and implement those solutions through our Enterprise Data Warehouse. This role will report directly to the BI Data Analyst Managing Lead for the CDK Agency Insights Team. The successful candidate will be able to think strategically about business issues and will have a strong command of data warehousing platforms, reporting automation, data visualization, digital marketing analytics and basic statistics. In addition to these technical skills, we are looking for someone who is comfortable working directly with stakeholders to understand their concerns, use data to address them, and present the results to a non-technical audience in a clear and concise manner. Candidates with a history of owning data driven projects and overcoming obstacles are desired. The BI Data Analyst II will be able to take direction, but will also pro-actively drive projects to completion. A comfortable relationship with various flavors of SQL and experience with a fact/dimension based Data Warehouse is essential. Knowledge of “Big” data platforms such as Hadoop, and any experience automating data workflows is a plus. Extracted data will be manipulated, merged, and analyzed to produce reports, graphs, dashboards and other output to ultimately reveal performance of our products for internal and external users. A history of delivering “actionable insights” to stakeholders is desired; CDK is looking for Analysts who want to go beyond reporting. CDK’s Agency Insights Team wants people who are curious about data. The ideal candidate is not intimidated by large and complex data sets and is naturally inclined to view things from an analytical perspective. Industry experience and knowledge of current data visualization and warehousing trends is encouraged. The successful candidate will work closely with OEM Consultants, BI Engineers and other Data Analysts. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: . BA/BS in a business or technical field; an Advanced Degree is a plus . 3-6 years experience in a Data Analyst role or related role . Experience with digital marketing concepts, cookies (1st & 3rd party), pixel tags, privacy standards, SEO, social media, advertising attribution methods & models . Experience with website and digital media analytics . Must have experience with SQL & Tableau . Must have experience with Google Analytics . 3+ years’ experience writing SQL queries against a data warehouse or similar data store . 3+ years’ experience with data visualization using tools such as R, Tableau, Excel . 1+ year experience with regular expressions and unix scripting languages such as python, perl, bash, etc. . Experience with Data Warehousing platforms (Oracle, SQL Server, etc.) . Experience with multiple reporting & visualization techniques . Strong MS Excel and Database skills . Proven ability to multi-task, handle multiple priorities and adapt to a fast-paced environment . Comfortable writing technical summaries or whitepapers . Comfortable working with stakeholders, understanding business requirements and delivering results . Experience defining products & solutions containing large data sets from multiple sources . Experience with statistical significance calculations as they relate to A/B testing or pre/post analysis a plus (Chi-Squared, T-Test, etc.) . Experience with Atlassian products a plus (Confluence, JIRA, FishEye) . Experience with Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Pig, MongoDB or other big data technologies a plus . Demonstrated ability to communicate technical topics to non-technical audiences . Comfortable presenting results to stakeholders and writing technical summaries . Automotive vertical experience a plus . Prior software engineering experience a plus ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: . Communicate with business consultants, agency partners and enterprise sales to gather and understand requirements . Visualization of data using tools such as Tableau, Excel, R, etc. . Ability to manage a backlog, establish priorities, multi-task and work proactively and independently . Data mining from data warehouse, using SQL, RegEx, json, pixel logs, and other big data formats . Analyze web analytics and other quantitative and qualitative data . Data discovery and data cleansing . Communicate complex technical issues to non-technical team members . Improve the efficiency of the team by automating data project CDK Global knows you have passions outside of work. You have family, friends, sporting events, and lots of things going on. That’s why we offer a comprehensive benefits package to not only take care of you but your family as well. All of our benefits are effective the first day of employment including 401K matching, paid time off to re-energize, donate your time to volunteer in your community, and tuition reimbursement to name a few. At CDK, we pride ourselves on having a diverse workforce. We value and celebrate the uniqueness of individuals and the different perspectives they provide. We offer equal opportunity employment regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, or protected veteran status.