Job Description Crop Consultant- Toppenish, WA Why work at Nutrien Ag Solutions? Great question! Safety is a core value at Nutrien Ag Solutions. Keeping every employee safe, healthy and secure is our top priority. Nothing is more important than seeing our people go home safe at the end of every single day. While working here you will have the opportunity to grow your career while helping us feed the future. We pride ourselves in hiring from a variety of backgrounds and truly believe that it is our differences that make us stronger so we hope you will join us. In addition to exciting and challenging opportunities, Nutrien Ag Solutions offers competitive salaries, great benefits and performance based incentives. Outside of the skills and necessary qualifications, you will be committed to sustaining our safe and positive work environment while welcoming working side by side others in a diverse culture. Culture at Nutrien Ag Solutions is the core of everything we do and all employees are respectful of diverse opinions and views. Key Tasks: Sells company products and services Maintains sales programs within assigned territory/accounts Responsible for meeting annual sales goals Monitors competitive activity and trends May be required to keep records and prepare reports on sales activities Knowledge of product features, benefits, and use Responsible to continue education on marketing techniques, products and services Provides training to employees as needed Initiates trials that will support marketing efforts Interprets soil, tissue, and water analysis Researches and responds to technical inquiries Develops proprietary fertilizer formulations Publishes and distributes periodic summaries of agronomic observations and research Maintains and builds customer contracts Other duties as assigned Qualifications: Demonstrated supervisory experience in vocational agricultural or a combination of education and work experience Agricultural based degree desired Valid driver's license is required Background in hops and/or orchards desired Familiar with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within the agriculture industry as well as the application of agricultural chemicals Uses own judgment to plan and accomplish goals Works under general supervision; reports to a location or division manager - must be accommodating CCA License a plus, member in good standing, or able to test for credentials Nutrien Ag Solutions is committed to creating an inclusive workplace. We encourage applications from all well qualified candidates who reflect the diversity of the regions where we operate. This includes recognizing the voluntary identification of status such as gender, sexual orientation, visible minority, Indigenous status, persons with disabilities, and veterans, where applicable. If this sounds like a good match, apply now. You may be required to undergo a background check and substance test in accordance with Nutrien Ag Solutions' policies. While we appreciate all applications we receive, we advise that only candidates under consideration will be contacted.