At Google, data drives all of our decision-making. As part of the Finance Business Intelligence team, you will use data to inform business and product decisions across the company. Using your technical skills, business acumen and creativity, you will build tools to automate reporting and generate insight that will allow clients to quickly and accurately see how our key business products and processes are performing. Previous experience managing finance systems projects, with emphasis on providing business intelligence and data driven insight through reporting, will have equipped you well for this role. You’ll be involved in projects from inception to delivery, ensuring that your reporting delivers high-quality and relevant data to intelligently grow our business. You will also have extensive knowledge of key financial systems, such as Oracle and Hyperion, and experience working with a range of other business intelligence tools and platforms. As a Senior Business Intelligence Analyst, you will combine business acumen, technology and innovation to organize data, enable insights and create the world’s most data-driven and efficient Finance organization. You are a self- starter with the ability to thrive in environments with multiple cross- functional stakeholders with differing priorities. You have the people skills and drive to provide training and support to team members and partners. The name Google came from "googol," a mathematical term for the number 1 followed by 100 zeros. And nobody at Google loves big numbers like the Finance team when providing in depth analysis on all manner of strategic decisions across Google products. From developing forward-thinking analysis to generating management reports to scaling our automated financial processes, the Finance organization is an important partner and advisor to the business. Responsibilities Partner with Finance leadership and their teams to understand needs, ensuring data solutions are an excellent fit to their evolving needs. Partner with Engineering to shape Google’s data infrastructure, including business intelligence, reporting and analytics platforms. Manage and deliver multiple data work streams on an ongoing and ad-hoc basis. Contribute to the development of the team’s tools, skills, culture and impact. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BS degree in a quantitative discipline, or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. Experience designing relational databases, including ETL design, schema design and dimensional data modeling. Experience working with statistical software (e.g. R, Python, MATLAB) and database languages/tools (e.g. SQL, Tableau, Qlikview, Looker). Preferred qualifications: MS degree in a quantitative discipline. Experience building data infrastructure (e.g. designing architecture, building data pipelines, implement scalable monitoring). Experience building analytical solutions (e.g. project identification, modeling, tuning, deploying to production and monitoring). Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Knowledge of financial systems such as Oracle and Hyperion. Excellent stakeholder and project management skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.