Nalco Water, an Ecolab company, is seeking a Production Associate who will be responsible for all aspects of operating, filling, packaging, and tote washing. Incumbents in this position should have the ability to perform any of the tasks within the production department, with the exception of mixing and bulk receiving/shipping. What’s in it For You: Opportunity for a long term career path Access to best in class resources, tools, and technology Thrive in a company that values sustainability, drives a safety-focused culture and has been recognized as one of the most ethical companies in the world Comprehensive benefits package starting day 1 of employment- medical, dental, vision, matching 401k, company paid pension, stock purchase plan, tuition reimbursement and more! What You Will Do: Reviews filling and packaging instructions at beginning of line runs. Ensures that the correct packaging materials are available. Ensures that the correct Personal Protective Equipment is available and other safety procedures are understood and followed. Asks Supervisor for assistance, if needed. Ensures that the line is set up correctly per the filling and packaging instructions. Adjusts the line as necessary or asks Supervisor or Maintenance Tech for assistance. Operates filling and packaging equipment continually. Types of equipment could include filler, sleeve labeler, cappers, tape machine, bar coders, ink jet printer, hand wrenches, hand stamps, palletizers, and lid presses. Adjusts equipment to control weight, closures, or other as required by the specifications. Performs all operations on the lines, including loading lines with empty containers, labeling, filling, capping, bar coder generation, taking samples, keeping area clean and organized and other related activities. Actively participate in Kaizens, 5S and special projects Continuingly identify opportunities for system and process waste elimination Completes and documents activities that measure quality and productivity in an accurate and timely manner. This could include taking weights and performing basic quality tests. Enters results on paper or in computer. Completes packaging and filling assignment meeting or exceeding the standards. Assists with line changeover, including the collection of wash water. Maintains a clean and safe work environment. Position Details: Work week and shift: 1st Shift Minimum Qualifications: High School diploma or equivalent One year experience in plant or warehouse Ability to use basic math, including addition, subtraction, multiplication, division of whole numbers, fractions, percentages, and decimals No immigration sponsorship available for this role Physical Demands: Must be able to lift/carry 50 pounds Must be able to pass a drug screen and physical exam Preferred Qualifications: Ability to complete training and master skills that are required by position (including but not limited to Hazardous Material Safety and DOT training) Ability to understand and track safety, quality and productivity data, including run rates, fill weights, and averages Mechanical aptitude Experience with Total Production Management (TPM) & Continuous Improvement Systems Strong attention to detail, good communicator and a team member Ability to meet physical requirements of position About Nalco Water: In a world with increasing water shortage and contamination challenges, Nalco Water, an Ecolab company, helps customers conserve more than 161 billion gallons of water each year. We work with customers across the world in the light industry (institutional, food & beverage, transportation and manufacturing), heavy industry (chemical, power and primary metals industries), paper and mining operations to reduce, reuse, and recycle their water while protecting their systems and equipment. Nalco Water provides the unique opportunity to work with a broad suite of technologies to deliver automated monitoring systems, data analysis and deep technical expertise to increase efficiency, sustainability and performance for our customers.