Requisition Number: 66541 BlueMetal, a Division of Insight's Data and Analytics team is responsible for designing, building and implementing world-class BI, big data, predictive, and data-visualization solutions and products for a variety of companies across many industries. Our clients rely on us to produce craftsman-quality solutions and strategies that meet their needs today, tomorrow and in the future. We are growing our team to provide for the emerging needs of our expanding client family. What you’ll do at BlueMetal/Insight: Work directly with client stakeholders and an award-winning team of engineers, architects and thought leaders to discover, design, build and implement an exciting variety of mission critical, line of business applications as well as cutting-edge cloud, big data and predictive analytics solutions. Drive the discovery, design and execution of a wide variety of data solutions for external clients Provide hands-on guidance and oversight on all aspects of solution delivery: sales, estimation, design, management, implementation, delivery and more Aggressively grow your skillset and translate your new capabilities into high-quality execution What you’ll need to join Insight/BlueMetal: 10+ years of professional data and analytics solution design and development experience with expertise is several of the following areas: Big Data technologies such as Hadoop or HDInsight, Hive, Pig, Python, Spark, Oozie, or any of the other tools with the Hadoop ecosystem Predictive analytics: R, Azure Machine Learning NoSQL topologies using tools like Hadoop, Cassandra, Mongo, etc. In-depth knowledge of data warehousing, ETL/ELT and in-memory/cube use cases and patterns SQL Server, Azure SQL Database, Azure SQL Data Warehouse SSRS, Power BI, Tableau SSAS and DAX Reporting Services SSIS Demonstrable experience in several of the following: Azure Data Factory PowerShell scripting Azure Automation Azure Data Lake and Azure Data Lake Analytics Knowledgeable of cloud and hybrid-cloud implementations including IaaS, PaaS and SaaS Strong analytical and reasoning skills that result in clear, robust, flexible architectures Proven ability to drive complex design and development efforts in an agile environment Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related discipline Can be based anywhere in the West US area. Minimal travel may be required. The position described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight. For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, click here. Internal teammate application guidelines: Meet the minimum qualifications and requirements of the position; Have completed twelve (12) months service in their current position; six (6) months of service in warehouse roles; Not be under a disciplinary evaluation or suspension period; Have satisfactory performance in their current position; Have their current manager/supervisor recommendation Do you know someone who would make a great Insight teammate? Referrals are the best way to build quality teams – and a great way for you to earn a little extra cash. Please visit the Teammate Referral Policy page on Inside.Insight to find out how you can refer someone to this job at Insight. About Insight Insight’s success begins with our people making meaningful connections every day. Our culture lives in our teammates. Insight is looking for great people who will embrace our values of Hunger, Heart and Harmony. Hunger to create new opportunities for our clients. Heart to make a positive impact in people’s lives. Harmony to celebrate each other’s unique contributions to bring solutions to clients. Join our team as we work to deliver the best solutions through Intelligent Technology Solutions™, the new IT. Global technology provider of IT hardware, software and service solutions Fortune 500 company founded in 1988 with clients around the globe $5.5 billion in revenue for 2016 6,400+ teammates worldwide 2017 Arizona’s Most Admired Companies (AZ Business Magazine), 2016 Best Places to Work (Phoenix Business Journal) 2017 Dell EMC Titanium Black Partner, 2016 HP US Personal Systems Reseller of the Year, 2016 Cisco Gold Certification in North America, Microsoft’s largest global partner Today's talent leads tomorrow's success. Learn about careers at Insight: jobs.insight.com. Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. Posting Notes: Dallas || Texas (US-TX) || United States (US) || NETINF || None || US - Texas, TX || LI-AR1 IND123 GLDR2