The Cloud Architecture Technical Leader must have a strong programming and software development background and be able to lead other development teams located globally to produce proof of concepts that demonstrate how new technologies should be used, and to launch commercial services to the public and be able to lead engineers to propose a basic design utilizing the cutting- edge technologies of strategic IT partners. In addition, the Cloud Architecture Technical Leader must be able to effectively and professionally realize concepts into real services, solutions and software. The Cloud Architecture Technical Leader reports to the Sr. Manager, Technology Unit Development in Japan. This person will collaborate with team members in the organization and other engineering teams in Yokogawa. This is a global role that requires travel to Japan, Singapore, India, Canada and Europe. The person must be culturally flexible and able to effectively co- work and collaborate with people in each of these cultures to drive development. The ideal candidate will have experience in the B2B type of Information Technology for industries. DUTIES/RESULTS : Drive IIoT Foundation development and contribute to Yokogawa’s new business model, meet business requirements, maximize customer value, and increase Yokogawa’s global competitiveness. Plan, design and program IIoT Foundation which includes Cloud services, Fog computing, Co-innovation environment, cellular network access for the sensors, security services, deep learning services and management tools/process for all business units in Yokogawa as a Yokogawa standard. Interface, communicate, discuss, find the mutual fit and co-innovate with technology partners for those non-core areas. Effectively and efficiently transfer knowledge to, and guide, other development centers to allow them to make use of the IIoT Foundation and the results of proof of concept projects. Collaborate with other engineers both of affiliate companies and partners to leverage each other’s knowledge and experiences. Keep abreast of industry trends, requirements, and competitive solutions. Responsible for providing uncompromising quality to all work processes in designated areas of responsibility. Has the authority to stop those work processes at any time it is believed quality is being compromised. Publish the Intellectual property to protect a competitive technology against other venders. Performs other duties as assigned. DIMENSION: Develops innovative technology and industry proof of concepts for Yokogawa IIoT Foundation (Co-innovation Space). Learns new technology concepts and quickly assesses how they can be used on IIoT Foundation as a common feature. Effectively communicates complex ideas clearly to a variety of audiences. Excellent organization skills & ability to work effectively, both as a team leader and independently, while prioritizing tasks in a fast changing environment. Natural leadership abilities to coach, mentor, teach and develop others. Ensure cooperation and interaction across technology and engineering society for both internal and external to the organization. SPECIFICATIONS: Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Physics with strong emphasis in computer science or equivalent is required. Multiple or advanced degrees a plus. Experience: Development Project Management: Experience in handling about 10 people as a development project lead and done through the real production especially experience in a multiple located project organization is a PLUS. Software Development: Experience on Agile process, especially SCRUM method is PLUS. Software Technology: Knowledgeable on cloud services like Azure, AWS, and GCP, and capable enough to design an architecture from servers to Web applications with bird eye vision. Travel: Position requires 25-50% travel Desired Skills: 10+ years programming experience including experience with C/C++, C(.Net), Java, JavaScript, Node.js and python on Windows OS and Linux. Experience development on PaaS based cloud service in Azure or other cloud environments Experience developing real-time embedded software applications on RTOS Experience assessment and knowledge of Security such like encryption, authentication, access control and secure communication Experience with DevOps like CI/CD management Strong interpersonal and presentation skills. Strong communication skills in English (written and verbal) with varied audiences. Ability to express complex concepts effectively to diverse groups of people. Ability to quickly learn new areas of knowledge and constantly expand areas of expertise. Ability to articulate the relationship between business strategy and technology strategy Excellent time management and project management skills Flexibility to respond quickly to changing customer requirements Problem solving skills, strategies and tactics in a variety of project areas Analytical skills and ability to make decisions in the presence of ambiguous and/or conflicting information Desired Qualifications: Flexible & versatile technical & soft skills Comfortable adapting existing experience to new environments Passionate about technology and applying it to business processes