Job Description Startups are exciting. That’s why we’ve never stopped. For over a century IBM has been a company of inventors and innovators. We power the most important industries on the planet from finance to telecommunications to scientific research. You may not know it but there's hardly a part of your daily life that isn't touched by an IBM Systems client. You’re a multichannel marketing innovator and you know all the channels - digital, email, marketing automation, lead nurturing, paid media, SEO, events, print –you name it. So, let’s talk about what you’ll do. At IBM Systems, you’ll invent things. A new way to tell a story. A smarter strategy. Better ways of working. You’ll be part of a top performing team who has fun, learns from failures and innovates every day. (You don’t get to be 105 years old any other way.) The IBM Systems team has first dibs on just about every cool pilot in the company. We're design thinkers who get to spend time honing new skills. We’ve changed the way IBM does marketing. Oh yeah, and we make mainframes –the Big Iron beneath the hood of just about everything big anyone’s ever done with data –and all the data storage and software that it takes to build the next gen IT infrastructure that can think, learn, predict, and compete in the cognitive era. For most, the future is coming. At IBM Systems, we're already delivering it. If you like the idea of working on a legendary brand –yes, the one that invented the typewriter, the personal computer, the mainframe, and put a man on the moon –then come create with us and help amplify our voice. IBM Systems leads in transformation. What we do for our clients, we’re doing for ourselves all the time: reinventing, learning what it takes to stay ahead of technological shifts and building what comes next. We’re good at change because we’ve never been afraid of it. If you’re the same, join us in our next big reveal. About Your Role You are a proven campaign strategist who is creative, collaborative, and has a passion for demand marketing. We are looking for an innovative thinker with experience in developing integrated campaigns that attract new customers, cross-sell to existing customers, and progresses pipeline to deliver outstanding results. This role will specialize in developing wholistic integrated marketing campaigns and programs across all relevant channels (events, digital, social, paid media, nurturing programs) and is someone who is ready to roll up their sleeves and jump right in. The Marketing Campaign Strategist is responsible for co-creation and execution of the end-to-end campaign strategy and activities that support our business objectives. Pipeline creation, along with generating new leads, is at the center of what we do. The candidate will apply analytics and insights to better profile and target prospects driving continual optimization to deliver higher quality responses and improve conversion rates all along the funnel. The candidate will work with WW content, digital, social teams to develop an integrated strategy that engages the target audience and ensure the marketing objectives are strategically aligned across the buyers’ journey. Responsibilities: Work with the portfolio marketing team to translate business goals and objectives from marketing plans into actionable integrated campaign strategies that deliver engagement, leads, pipeline and revenue. Set priorities in implementation and development of campaigns that support the business and program strategy/objectives, integrating the right mix of Demand Generation tactics Work with internal and external agencies and the integrated marketing team to ensure world-class quality marketing materials are produced including web content, marketing campaign assets and offers, emails, ads, graphics, webinars, videos, etc Work closely with the entire WW, Digital Marketing Centers and North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa, Greater China, and Japan performance marketing teams taking a leadership role to ensure timely campaign delivery, execution, feedback and optimization Negotiate with cross program and business unit peers to deliver exceptional customer experiences through the campaigns Manage internal and external agency partners as the primary lead in the development and delivery of campaign plans, assets, tactics and event execution Develop and deliver breakthrough ideas and innovative campaigns that attract new buyers through both digital and face to face channels Work to analyze and identify root cause and action plans to address program performance issues and drive continual improvement in both worldwide and regional campaign results Track, measure and report on the global campaign performance against agreed-upon metrics, working across regions to identify and analyze gaps and actions plans to course-correct as the campaign execution unfolds Manage the overall creation and execution of campaigns on budget, on time and on target Communicate effectively on a regularly scheduled cadence to ensure stakeholder alignment Required Technical and Professional Expertise 5+ years in Digital Marketing and campaign management 2+ years preferred experience in technology hardware marketing with companies like EMC, Dell, Hitachi, Lenovo, Cisco Experience in marketing automation tools such as Silverpop, Marketo, Eloqua, Hubspot Experience in creating and executing strategies to drive demand through digital channels as well as events, nurture campaigns, sales plays, list building, tele-qualifying tactics Understanding of marketing metrics and funnel analytics to optimize existing campaigns as well as advise team on best strategies to drive demand A natural digital storyteller who understands what it takes to engage clients through multiple channels Expertise in planning, executing and measuring paid media campaigns Detail-oriented, self-directed team player with a positive attitude Demonstrated expertise in database marketing and segmentation for email marketing and a deep understanding of database health and how to nurture responders and leads Preferred Tech and Prof Experience None EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.