Under general supervision, oversees and supervises the daily activities of a team of Community Health Workers engaged in providing education, care coordination and access to resources to program clients to improve their health and well-being. Works in both clinic and community settings, including client's homes. Adherence to HIPAA. Reliable transportation or ability to navigate SEPTA in a timely/efficient manner. Represent a positive and professional image of the practice to patient, families, community institutions, internal and external customers. Responsible for establishing trusting relationships with patients and their families while providing general support and encouragement. Providing ongoing follow-up, basic motivational interviewing and goal setting with patients/families. Follow-up with patients via phone calls, home visits and visits to other settings as applicable. Excellent oral and written communications skills, which includes and is not limited to active listening. Timely, accurate, data input. Skilled in identifying problems and recommending solutions. Help families to coordinate appointments as well as encourage patients/families to attend appointments. Knowledge of transportation and other barriers to care that may be encountered by patient/families. Assist with breaking down these barriers to ensure health care compliance. Knowledgeable about community resources appropriate to needs of patients/families. Skilled in establishing and maintaining effective working relationships with patients/families, medical staff, and internal and external customers. Sensitivity to unique/non-traditional life circumstances and the ability to support members to improved healthcare outcomes. Ability to react calmly and effectively in emergency situations. Updates and documents in Electronic Patient Record and Electronic Patient Management system, in an accurate, timely and efficient manner. Ability to work independently and with a team. The team will include, but is not limited to, Tenet HealthCare employees, as well as various payer employees. Lead Responsibilities: Supervises community health workers, to include work allocation, training, and problem resolution; evaluates performance and makes recommendations for personnel actions; motivates employees to achieve peak productivity and performance. Assists in the creation of training modules and continuing education curriculum for Community Health Workers. Conducts weekly group sessions and peer discussion of cases and clients for support and education. Works collaboratively with the Population Health Team and ongoing projects related to data collection, quality improvement and partnership with the insurance companies. Trains new Community Health Workers and provides ongoing staff development instruction. Reviews staff reports for clarity, content, spelling, grammar and follow through on client month to month plan of care. Serves a limited caseload of clients in a similar manner as Community Health Worker, taking on more complex cases as needed. Works collaboratively and effectively within a team. Establishes positive, supportive relationships with participants and provides feedback to other members of the team. Performs miscellaneous job - related duties as assigned. Skills and Abilities: Bilingual preferred. Excellent customer service and problem solving skills required. Excellent oral and written communication skills required. Excellent organization skills and attention to detail and accuracy required. Excellent computer skills including, but not limited, to MS Office required. Ability to utilize Electronic Health Records and Electronic Patient Management systems, required. Ability to prioritize and/or multi-task required. Knowledge of HIPAA required. Knowledge of medical terminology preferred. Knowledge of ICD-9 and ICD-10 preferred. Previous experience working in a fast paced health care environment preferred. Ability and willingness to provide emotional support, encouragement and motivation to patients/families required. Lead Skills and Abilities: Skills in organizing resources and establishing priorities. Ability to make administrative and procedural decisions and judgments on sensitive, confidential issues. Ability to supervise and train employees, to include organizing, prioritizing and scheduling work assignments. Ability to develop and present educational programs and/or workshops. Employee development and performance management skills. Knowledge of community education agencies and resources. Working knowledge of multi-system outreach programs related to clinical education and health related services. Ability to plan, implement and evaluate individual client care plans. Knowledge of transportation and or other barriers to care that may be encountered by client. Ability to communicate medical information to health care professionals and care coordinators over the telephone. Skill in use of personal computers and related software applications, including e-mail. Creative and analytical thinking. Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing. Training & Education: High School Graduate or equivalent required. Completion of Accredited Community Health Worker Program required. Some college credits preferred. Experience: Minimum of one year experience in a fast-paced health care environment preferred. Supervisory Responsibility: Oversee all CHW's (Health Navigator) on campus apart of SCPA Practice Plan. Required Licenses: None