Mission Senior Systems Administrator Who We Are Founded and continuously led by inventor and entrepreneur Tony Aquila, Solera is a global leader in digital technologies that connect and secure life's most important assets: our cars, homes and identities. Since its inception in 2005 as a garage-based startup, Solera has grown aggressively with over 50 acquisitions across its platforms. The company's current product solutions include Audatex, Autodata, AutoPoint, CAP/HPI, Colimbra, Digidentity, Enservio, Explore Data, Hollander, Identifix, Inpart, LYNX and TitleTec, as well as the company's flagship Digital Garage application. Today, Solera processes over 300 million transactions annually for approximately 235,000 partners and customers in over 80 countries. Unified by a strong culture that values uncommon entrepreneurial thinking and continuous "do-it-different" innovation, Solera's global workforce of 6,700+ associates come from diverse forward-thinking industries that include automotive technology, artificial intelligence, software development, data sciences, cybersecurity, cognitive design, and digital identity protection. For more information, please visit solera.com. The Solera Way Solera’s uncommon culture is based on three simple principles: Think 80/20 (Focus), Act 30/30 (Efficiency), and Live 90/10 (Accountability). We define our mindset using Our 3H’s: Humility, a Hunger to succeed, and a desire to Hunt for opportunities to win. We train our volunteers to engage with each other modulating between their intellect (IQ) and emotional intelligence (EQ) using our 3Fs: Facts, Finesse, and Force. Solera has become a global technology leader that is constantly growing in the double digits. The principles, drills, and values associated with the Solera Way have been fundamental to Solera’s success and our ability to grow, continuously change, and innovate. Explore Explore Information Services, a Solera company, is a leading provider of information solutions to the insurance industry. For more than 20 years, Explore has provided innovation, technology, and data solutions to improve insurance decisions. More than two-thirds of the top 100 insurers rely on Explore products to identify risk, reduce expenses, and achieve a competitive advantage. Are You Uncommon? We’re on the hunt for an experienced Senior Systems Administrator who ranks in the top quartile among their peers. Someone who has a highly competitive and entrepreneurial mindset that is wired with a team-first attitude, has no problem rolling up their sleeves to execute their missions, and can modulate between leading and following as needed. You will serve as the Senior Systems Administrator. Position 80s What You’ll Be Doing At Solera, we believe in providing clarity and focus to what our volunteers are responsible for – their mission. The 80’s, as we call them at Solera, are the employee’s priorities associated with their role or mission. The mission 80’s for this role, are: Design, install and configure internal and customer facing servers, network devices and firewalls Proactively manage and maintain server, network and firewall systems Administer and support core Microsoft, Cisco, Check Point and VMware technologies Design and implement monitoring and configuration management functions Additional responsibilities of the role include: Develop and implement project plans, risk assessments and contingency plans Define and document best practices and support procedures Provide after-hours support for Infrastructure related emergencies as well as weekly after-hours maintenance Maintain inventory and asset configuration documentation Assist with hardware, firewall, telecom and software vendor evaluation, recommendation and negotiations Mentor / cross train team members on existing and new technologies Carry out special tasks at Management's direction Interact with customers and staff at the technical level, as required Qualifications Are You Qualified? Microsoft Certification (MCSE) or equivalent certification in relevant programs desired. Advanced knowledge of Windows Server (2008/2016) /desktop Operating Systems (Windows 10) Managing in excess of 150 Windows Server infrastructure Managing deployments/rollouts Managing server virtualization technologies Systems management software – SCCM, Shavlik/Ivanti Experience with Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) software products A solid understanding of LAN/WAN networking Cisco Certified Network Associate or Professional -CCNA/ CCNP MCITP Server Group Policy design and configuration Microsoft IIS administration and configuration O365 Active Directory/LDAP user and group administration Ability to troubleshoot network issues including back bone infrastructure issues LAN Routing and Switching design, configuration and troubleshooting (VLANs, IP Subnetting, 802.1Q trunks) Strong communication and documentation skills Flexible and able to adapt to a rapidly changing environment Must be organized and have the ability to manage projects of varying length Positive, self-motivated individual who can complete tasks independently Must be a team player It is impossible to list every requirement for, or responsibility of, any position. Similarly, we cannot identify all the skills a position may require since job responsibilities and the Company’s needs may change over time. Therefore, the above job description is not comprehensive or exhaustive. The Company reserves the right to adjust, add to or eliminate any aspect of the above description. The Company also retains the right to require all employees to undertake additional or different job responsibilities when necessary to meet business needs. Our Space We believe that offices should be destinations where people want to be… places where people want to work, play and, collaborate. That is why we spend a lot of time on enhancing our workspaces. Solera’s work environments are intersections of the old and the new… of the past, present, and future. They are spaces designed to stimulate creative thinking, innovation, and cross- functional collaboration. We also embrace wellness. Whether it is our onsite or offsite workout centers, nutritional meals and beverages, or endless snacks for focus and energy. This wellness plan is our commitment to healthy living, which spans across our office environments.