Company Overview Grainger is a broad line, business-to-business distributor of maintenance, repair and operating (MRO) supplies and other related products and services. More than 3.2 million businesses and institutions worldwide rely on Grainger for products such as safety gloves, ladders, motors and janitorial supplies, along with services like inventory management and technical support. These customers represent a broad collection of industries including commercial, government, healthcare and manufacturing. They place orders online, on mobile devices, through sales representatives, over the phone and at local branches. Approximately 5,000 suppliers provide Grainger with more than 1.6 million products stocked in Grainger’s distribution centers and branches worldwide. Position Description As a customer information researcher, you'll support our efforts to see our company as our customers do through the execution and management of customer information research operations. This is a complex role requiring significant analytical and communication skills. YOU WILL Define, execute, and validate strategies for organizing our understanding of more than 20 million US businesses. Conduct rigorous, timely, reproducible online research using sources like maps, social media, company websites, trade publications, industry statistics, and academic papers. Design processes and analyses for scaling and validating research methods across a larger team. Employ and develop technical skills to: Conduct research more efficiently - from creating hotkeys to writing macros to building tools in Python and other programming languages. Manage, wrangle, and visualize data - with an emphasis on SQL and R on Python. Build statistical models to interpret your findings - with an emphasis on SQL and R or Python. Communicate observations and insights with clear prose and presentations. Partner across the company, particularly with customer growth strategy, marketing, engineering, and analytics, to translate insight into action Position Requirements: Demonstrably strong online research skills Data analysis skills, and the desire to continue to invest significant effort in constantly developing them on the job Curiosity about or experience with machine learning Intense curiosity A love of accuracy A love of efficiency, too Great prose writing ability Desire to see the best job done EEOC Statement _Grainger is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status._