Req ID: 21181 Shift: Days Employment Status: AF - Active - Regular - Full Time Job Summary Under direction, participates in planned research by analyzing, abstracting, entering and managing data in a research database. Monitors and maintains relevant databases. Performs descriptive statistical analysis. Also coordinates abstract writing and presentation of data as required. Job Responsibilities Participate in research by analyzing, abstracting, entering, and presenting data using research databases. o Review patient charts and record and summarize data clearly and concisely with 100% accuracy. o Analyze and abstract data with 100% accuracy. o Enter abstracted data into database with 100% accuracy Coordinate abstract writing and presentation as required. Monitor and maintain research database. Descriptive Statistics Act as divisional resource for research database management. Keep up-to-date with all possible database capabilities as well as related software and technology. Participate in clinical research within area and in other activities to support the project. Collaborate with and support students engaged in research Perform other related duties as a result of the research performed, such as literature searches, etc. Required Education and Experience Required Education: BA/BS degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Epidemiology or Information Technology, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Preferred Experience: Two years of experience with clinical databases and clinical research. Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic Preferred Education: Masters degree Preferred Experience: IRB knowledge Additional Technical Requirements Knowledge of medical terminology. Attentive to detail and data accuracy; meticulous. Ability to work independently with minimal guidance, exercising discretion and judgment. Able to work accurately, work well with others and pay strict attention to detail. Must be adaptable to do work which is varied and requires an intellectual and professional approach. Requires a high degree of flexibility of skills and hours. Experience with computer programs including Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access preferred. All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer). Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 866-820-9288 Email: TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu