American Express is embarking on an exciting transformation driven by an energetic new team of high performers. This group is nimble and creative with the power to shape our technology and product roadmap. If you have the talent and desire to deliver innovative payment products and services at a rapid pace, serving our customers seamlessly across physical, digital, mobile, and social media, join our transformation team! The selected candidate will join a highly motivated team with talented developers and leads. This Engineer 1 position will support the Worldwide Credit Authorizations System (WWCAS). This position will require high technical knowledge teamed with leadership qualities and work with Business Partners in a highly collaborative environment. American Express Technology is looking for a Software Engineer I to join a dynamic and innovative development team. Our team builds multi-functional, rich global credit authorizations solutions, critical to the core of American Express’ business. The team uses the agile methodology for project delivery and operates in a fast paced business environment. From integrating with American Express Network partners, such as international banks, to developing highly available solutions and serving internal and external customers there will always be new and unpredictable challenges in this environment. A successful candidate will be part of a multi-disciplined, entrepreneurial team responsible for delivering world class Authorizations capabilities. The Engineer will be responsible for end-to-end Strategy & Designing of applications for the business products across the portfolio. This role requires hand-on coding expertise to lead the engineers in their development. Additional responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Owns all technical aspects of software development for assigned applications. Performs hands-on architecture, design, and development of systems. Works within a team of engineers to identify application and product architecture in support of the product roadmap. Develops deep understanding of tie-ins with other systems and platforms within the supported domains. Works closely with product owners on blueprints and annual planning of feature sets that impact multiple platforms and products. Interacts with business partners to share and direct architecture practices that may affect business solution delivery. Ensures key technical design documentation is completed to a high standard. Responsible for ensuring adherence to American Express Technologies (AET) standards and guide lines. Identifies opportunities to adopt innovative technologies. This position is an Engineer I and member of a product engineering or delivery and integration team reporting to an Engineering Director or Director of Technical Delivery working on-site at the Phoenix Desert Ridge Campus. Qualifications Job Responsibilities Analyzes requirements/ user stories to appropriately support design activities Performs technical aspects of software development for assigned applications Performs hands-on architecture, design, and development of systems Functions as a contributing member of an agile team and helps deliver consistent development practices Typically spends 70% of time writing code and testing, and remainder of time collaborating with stakeholders through ongoing product/platform releases Designs and builds integration components and interfaces in collaboration with Architects and Infrastructure Engineers as necessary Contributes to decisions about tools, methods and approaches Performs unit and assembly testing of software components including the design, implementation, evaluation, and execution of unit and assembly tests Conducts code reviews and builds test automation Debugs software components, identifies, fixes and verifies remediation of code defects Performs ongoing refactoring of code and continuously improves product Identifies opportunities to adopt innovative technologies Provides continuous support for ongoing application availability Understands impact on disparate systems, business units and long-term impact of technical design decisions. Generates ideas to improve overall system design Focuses on delivering high quality code on time and to specifications Focused on cost savings, high performance, high reliability, quality of user experience and architectural alignment of solutions Required Technical Skills/Qualifications 5+ years of systems design, development and integration experience as Full stack developer. Strong experience with building messaging applications on the JMS MQ , Active MQ, SOLACE messaging appliance Strong hands on experience in core Java, socket programming, multi-threading Experience in development of REST & SOAP Services ,SOA Security and Performance Tuning Experience with programming using Java/J2EE Framework is required with hands on knowledge in Spring mvc ,Spring Batch ,Spring WEB Experience with mainframe re-hosting products Dell BPE/TPE or MicroFocus is required. Experience with BigData frameworks including Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Scala is required Experienced in initial triage, root cause analysis, and escalation procedures in production environments. Experience with as many of the following as possible is highly desirable: DB2, Oracle, SQL Server, Postgres, MS SQL Experience in Continuous integration and continuous Deployment using Jenkins ,Hudson , Artifactory, Nexus, Maven, Junits, Test NG Experience in Agile testing using Selenium ,QTP, Jmeter, HP performance Center , HP Virtual User Generator , phantom JS ,FLEX Must be able to manage several high priority tasks simultaneously and identify and forecast any potential problems. Communicates Effectively Key: Verbally and in writing Key: Influencing Key: Documentation and Presentation Educational Requirement Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or other related technical field, followed by 5 years of progressively responsible IT systems, design, development, and integration experience. Preferred: Experience with Card authorization, merchant technologies and digital capabilities a plus. Experience in multiple IT disciplines. Agile development experience Tags: RTH ReqID: 18011695 Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time