Overview: Aramark (NYSE: ARMK) is in the customer service business across food, facilities and uniforms, wherever people work, learn, recover, and play. United by a passion to serve, our more than 270,000 employees deliver experiences that enrich and nourish the lives of millions of people in 22 countries around the world every day. Aramark is recognized among the Most Admired Companies by FORTUNE and the World’s Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute. Learn more at www.aramark.com or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter. Description: Position Summary. The Strategic Contracting Analyst will provide analytical support, assistance with developing strategy for contract negotiations and support other activities of their contracting team. This is an entry level position with career track towards management of a supply category. The Analyst will ultimately have responsibility for managing a portfolio of contracts. Position Reports to Director, Strategic Sourcing and Category Strategy Leader Conduct analysis, e.g.: Analyze price competitiveness at program and SKU level Help identify trends and findings from analyzing key program data and metrics Help analyze spend and other data to identify problems and opportunities for the sourcing department Assist in supplier negotiations, drafting contracts and conducting Request for Proposals (RFP) Review and document technical product specifications used in contracts Participate in supplier negotiations and pricing strategy development efforts with supervisor Compile and analyze RFP resultsAssist Manager and Directors in preparation for customer meetings and supplier business reviews Support Business Ownership activities and proactive contract management Become familiar with and support program compliance tracking & program roll out Analyze and support the management of Key Performance Indicators Author Initiative Strategy Worksheets (ISW) by thoughtfully planning initiatives, considering the current state in the category, current contracts, customer needs and actions we can take to improve the existing contract Secondary Responsibilities Support verification of Sales Prices and review order guides Support supplier or distributor transitions Participate in Development Teams Participate in warehouse or plant tours, as well as product cuttings Primary Competencies Functional/Technical Skills Planning and Organization Problem Solving & Analytical Skills Results Orientation Negotiation Other Duties. Please note this role description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. Work Environment. This job operates in an office setting. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, scanners, filing cabinets and fax machines. This role spends a portion of the time visiting customer and/or supplier facilities which could include loading dock and/or warehouse environments Qualifications: Role Requirements Strong analytical skills Excellent written/verbal communication skills Ability to build strong relationships with people internal and external to the organization Ability to multi-task Strong attention to detail and process orientation Intermediate level Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoin Ability to perform analysis and interpret results into actionable steps Overnight Travel Requirements. Type: All modes of transportation, percentage up to 10%, length: 1-2 nights Years of Relevant Experience. 0-2 years of experience in business management (operational or management consulting) with an understanding of procurement, contracting, supply chain optimization and/or category management. Education Requirements. BS/BA in relevant field required with education in supply chain, business, economics, or related field highly desired Aramark is an EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION employer – Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran