Role Summary: Deliver the architecture, design, and implementation for automated analytics and reporting to support the new 2018 new simplified billing model (costs received from CoreTech and other GE Corporate, integration of all data sources to provide app TCO, variance analysis). Essential Responsibilities: Deliver the architecture, design, and implementation for automated analytics and reporting to support the new 2018 new simplified billing model (costs received from CoreTech and other GE Corporate, integration of all data sources to provide app TCO, variance analysis). Partner with the Finance Steering Team, DT FP&A contacts, the Strategy and PMO organization, and Corporate DT to assess and align data requirements for the DT Finance organization, Update/modernize data visualization feeds Support the data and reporting requirements for the cost-out automated reporting Integrate cost-out data to enable a single view of cost-out for DT Provide support to FP&A for analyzing and tracking financials (design, automate, integrate), Qualifications/Requirements: Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or equivalent (STEM) with minimum 6 years of experience as data engineer. A minimum of 3 year of experience using Hadoop ecosystem, Map-Reduce, Spark, NoSQL (HBase, MongoDB etc.), Cassandra is required A minimum of 3 year of experience using Scripting (Pig, Python, Perl, etc.) is required A minimum of 3 years of experience with Core Java, Java WebServices development SOAP, REST APIs A minimum of 2 year of experience working on Database(s), SQL is required Eligibility Requirements: Legal authorization to work in the US is required. GE may agree to sponsor an individual for an employment visa now or in the future if there is a shortage of individuals with particular skills. Desired Characteristics: DTLP or CAS graduate MBA/master's degree or equivalent experience Experience managing / developing IT budgets Working knowledge of Corporate finance reporting systems and tools (IBS, Hyperion, Theia, Cibor, Business Objects, Tableau) Experience with Agile Methodologies Demonstrated experience with ITIL framework Experience using Six Sigma tools and techniques Familiar with Fastworks techniques DTR About Us: GE is the world's Digital Industrial Company, transforming industry with software-defined machines and solutions that are connected, responsive and predictive. Through our people, leadership development, services, technology and scale, GE delivers better outcomes for global customers by speaking the language of industry. GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Locations: United States; Texas; Houston GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening.