Company Description Accolade at a glance… Accolade is a personalized health and benefits solution that dramatically improves the experience, outcomes and cost of healthcare for employers, health plans and their members. With a unique blend of compassionate advisors, clinical experts and intelligent technologies, we engage individuals and families in their health, establish trust, and influence their decisions at every stage of care. Accolade connects the widest array of personal health data and programs to present a single point of contact to the most effective health and benefits resources, while coordinating with providers at every step. Accolade consistently achieves 70 and higher Net Promoter Scores, 98% consumer satisfaction ratings, and up to 15% employer cost savings. Accolade has been recognized as one of the nation’s 25 most promising companies by Forbes, a fastest-growing private healthcare company by Inc. 5000, and is consistently rated a Top Workplace across the country. For more information, visit accolade.com. Job Description Role overview The Claims and Benefit Specialist you will work to provide Accolade Health Assistants (AHAs) accurate and timely resolution to their clients’ problems while coaching AHAs and improving their claims and coverage knowledge. In addition, you will continuously evaluate trends, content and processes and make recommendations to fix or improve them. This job requires deep claims and benefit knowledge, critical thinking, creative problem solving, the consistent application of discretion and good judgment, a high degree of organization, the ability to multi-task, and the ability to develop strong health plan partner relationships. A day in the life… Act as a trusted resource for complex claims and benefit questions and issue resolution. Act as a liaison to our health plan partners and providers in solving complex claims and benefit issues. Educate AHAs by helping them better understand claims and benefit questions/issue resolution, and support ongoing training/learning with the Health Assistant Center (HAC). Collaborate with Accolade teammates, health plans, and providers to deliver the best possible service experience for Accolade clients. Handle claim disputes with partner health plans on behalf of the client Ensure compliance with internal and external health plan partner business processes. Develop and maintain solid working relationships and processes with health plans and other payors. Support AHAs with eligibility, benefits, and claims questions and/or issue resolution, including understanding the root cause of the issue Handle claims disputes with partner health plans on behalf of the client. Handle claim disputes with partner health plans on behalf of the client Listen, assess, and comprehend the clients’ presenting issue(s) and use critical thinking, judgment, and problem solving to take appropriate action. Identify opportunities to improve how we resolve claims and benefit issues, including improvements to MRM (our customized service platform), our benefit content, and other tools and resources. Leveraging your industry knowledge and influencing skills, encourage future collaboration with health plans and providers. Participate in special projects as requested Provide colleagues with timely and accurate solutions to their client’s complex claims problems. Effectively manage an ongoing portfolio of claims/benefits issues, ensuring timely, complete and accurate resolution in support of client expectations and health plan processing guidelines. Qualifications What we are looking for… A thorough understanding of health care delivery and previous experience with medical benefits (primarily self-insured plans) and claims from either provider or payor perspective. Health Plan or third party payor claims processing experience with strong technical skills (business expertise) and knowledge of various lines of business and applicable coding (CPT, HCPCS, ICD-9/10, DRG, etc.) Health Plan business/benefit analyst with an emphasis on claims coding (see above line) and benefit set-up Health Plan claims quality assurance Practice Management or Hospital –Familiar with all bill types and national account billing Engage others by being a good listener with a solid capacity for empathy. Possess excellent communication skills and the ability to convey passion and enthusiasm. Possess superior ingenuity, judgment and problem solving skills. Partner/work with teammates to solve issues for clients. Organized, dependable and meticulous. Flexible with a high tolerance for ambiguity. The ability for self-reflection and the capacity to accept and implement feedback. Must be computer literate at an intermediate or advanced level. Must display honesty and integrity. Must be comfortable working in a telephonic environment with clients, health plans, and providers. Additional Information What is important to us Creating an enduring company that is hyper-focused on our culture and making a meaningful impact in the lives of our employees, members and customers. The secret to our success is: We find joy and purpose in serving others Making a difference in our members’ and customers’ lives is what we do. Even when it’s hard, we do the right thing for the right reasons. We are strong individually and together, we’re powerful Trusting in our colleagues and embracing their different backgrounds and experiences enable us to solve tough problems in creative ways, having fun along the way. We roll up our sleeves and get stuff done Results motivate us. And we aren't afraid of the hard work or tough decisions needed to get us there. We’re boldly and relentlessly reinventing healthcare We're curious and act big - not afraid to knock down barriers or take calculated risks to change the world, one person at a time.