Everyone communicates. It’s the essence of the human experience. How we communicate is evolving. Technology is reshaping the way we live, learn and thrive. The epicenter of this transformation is the network—our passion. Our experts are rethinking the purpose, role and usage of networks to help our customers increase bandwidth, expand capacity, enhance efficiency, speed deployment and simplify migration. From remote cell sites to massive sports arenas, from busy airports to state-of-the-art data centers— we provide the essential expertise and vital infrastructure your business needs to succeed. The world’s most advanced networks rely on CommScope connectivity. CommScope is hiring an Strategy & Market Intelligence Analyst in Shakopee, MN, Richardson, TX, Kesslo, Scottland or Hickory, NC to collaborate with the Strategy & Market Intelligence team in a variety of ways including: Analyst will provide analytical/strategic-thinking and ingenuity to help design and execute qualitative and quantitative research for studying business issues & projects (market research, scenario planning, forecasting, business plan development, competitive intelligence, profitability, etc.) Analyst will lead small to medium sized strategy projects/work streams to support CommScope’s market insights and strategic planning process. The Strategy and Business Development team will assist forming recommendations to senior executives. All are held to the high intellectual, analytical, and professional standards including but not limited to data integrity and respecting the sensitive nature of the data. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: Work with the business to identify key business issues, articulate problems, apply appropriate analytical frameworks, approach analytical frameworks and develop recommendations. Present findings to stakeholders when applicable. Apply a broad knowledge of business concepts and analytical principles to develop analytical frameworks, approach and methodology best practices to analyze complex strategy issues. Track market performance; identify and assess new trends related to the market. Develop new quantitative approaches to telecommunications, enterprise, & data center market estimations, forecasting and segmentation. Evaluate the market size and ecosystem of a potential adjacent market. Determining the future market outlook and company position of a particular product line or technology or competitive company. REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s Degree and at least 3 years’ experience required. Ability to conduct analysis and formulate conclusions based on a combination of quantitative and qualitative analysis using a variety of tools including secondary research, interviews and surveys. Demonstrated skills in gathering data from multiple, often disparate, sources and synthesizing raw data into meaningful reports and presentation using Excel and PowerPoint with an intermediate level of proficiency. Ability to make effective oral presentations and prepare concise written reports/presentations to a variety of audiences. Ability to plan, organize, prioritize, work independently and meet deadlines. Ability to work collaboratively and independently with individuals at all levels of the organization. Knowledge of financial concepts such as discounted cash flow, financial statement analysis and financial forecasting. Effective and professional communication abilities. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s degree in quantitative field such as finance, mathematics, economics, or engineering preferred. MBA degree a plus. Fluency in a second language is a plus due to the global nature of the role. It is the policy of CommScope to provide Equal Employment Opportunities to all individuals based on merit, qualifications and abilities. CommScope does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, gender (including pregnancy), national origin, age or any other characteristics as protected by law. Furthermore, this contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified protected veterans and qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and require affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans and qualified individuals with disabilities.