The Northwest Regional Council, as an Area Agency on Aging for Island, San Juan, Skagit and Whatcom counties, funds and/or provides community-based programs to help elders and people with disabilities live in their own homes and communities for as long as possible, postponing or eliminating the need for institutional care. The Administrative Unit is comprised of an HR/Office Manager, an HR Assistant, an Administrative Assistant and two Receptionist/Admin Aides. This unit provides Human Resource and Administrative support to approximately 97employees sited in the NWRC Bellingham and Mount Vernon offices. The Administrative Assistant, as directed, provides routine and complex administrative support to agency management and line staff. ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES include but are not limited to: Administrative Support 1\. Assists in purchasing office equipment and supplies; conducts research, places orders and prepares invoices for approval; assists in developing and maintaining purchasing guidelines and procedures. Assists in scheduling and coordinating maintenance/repair support, office moves and workstation adaptations via outside vendors. 2\. Maintains inventory / warranties of ergonomic and general office equipment, as directed. 3\. Designated lead for programming agency phone and voicemail system database; runs monthly Transportation Brokerage Phone reports for fiscal reporting. 4\. Assists with the coordination of and logistics for agency-sponsored orientations, trainings, conferences, and mailings. 5\. Assists in the development, documentation, and implementation of office practices, procedures and routines. 6\. As directed, executes updates to the NWRC internet website per established protocols. 7\. Provides breaks and back-up support to Receptionist/Secretary as scheduled and needed. 8\. Northwest Senior Services Board. As directed, assists Planner(s) in staffing advisory board meetings, adhering to Open Public Meetings Act requirements including coordinating the production and mailing of meeting packets and transcribing minutes. In coordination with designated Planner, coordinates registration and logistics for advisory council trainings and conferences. 9\. Boundary Review Board and NW LEARN. Coordinates the production and mailing of meeting packets and materials for the Boundary Review and NW LEARN boards; assists in staffing and meeting logistics, as directed. 10\. Jail Health Program. a. Assists with tabulation of data for Whatcom County Jail Health Program statistics; runs reports as required. b. Assists with updates of Standards, Procedures and Protocols documentation, as directed. 11\. Public Records Management/Disclosure a. Assists Office Manager in the retention, storage, retrieval, and destruction of agency public records per regulations and protocols. Manages maintenance of public records off-site storage database. Assists Public Disclosure Officer in responding to public records requests, per established regulations and protocols. 12\. Community Programs. Reviews for completion and enters client level data into NCOA, and GetCare databases as well as Community Programs tracking log. Collaborates with originator Preference given to applications received by: August 24, 2018 Open until filled JOB ANNOUNCEMENT Administrative Assistant __ Q:\HUMAN RESOURCES\Confidential\SELECTION\2018\Administrative Assistant_2018_07\Admin Asst Job Announcement.docx for data clarification and/or additional information, as needed. Assists in extracting data and/or running monthly reports. QUALIFICATIONS: Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: • Ability to work collaboratively to establish and maintain effective working relationships with co- workers, external and internal customers, subcontractor personnel, and members of the general public. Strong organizational and time management skills as exhibited in the: o ability to work effectively and accurately with frequent interruptions and o ability to manage multiple and competing priority administrative support requests. Knowledge of the Open Public Meetings Act, the Public Records Act, and the Local Government Records Retention Schedule. Solid proof reading skills in the areas of spelling, punctuation, and grammar. Attention to detail as exhibited in accurate data entry and other work product. Proficient in the basics of Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook. Education/Experience - Minimum: High school graduate or equivalent; AND one or more years of providing administrative support _required_. Experience working in a human services setting _preferred_. Licenses/Certificates: • Valid Washington State driver's license, a vehicle available for work- related travel, and appropriate liability insurance. Notary license (required after hire.) WORKING CONDITIONS\PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Work is performed in a shared office environment. The office can be fast-paced with many deadlines to meet. Potential exposure to repetitive stresses due to prolonged use of computers. Stress associated with receiving multiple tasks from various individuals may occur. Possible stress related to interaction with clients who may have mental health or substance abuse issues. Sufficient mobility is required for the use of office equipment such as computers, telephones, files and the copier. Sitting for extended periods of time as well as lifting a maximum of 30 pounds (file storage boxes, supplies, etc.) may be required. The ability to hear and communicate at a level sufficient to perform the essential functions of the position is required. BENEFITS: NWRC offers excellent medical/dental/vision benefits for the full-time employee and their dependent(s) including Employee Assistance Program (EAP). Other benefits include participating in the Public Employees Retirement System (PERS), long term disability insurance, life insurance, various deferred compensation programs, Flex Plans for health and/or child/elder care, paid leave, sick leave, and 11 paid holidays per year.