The Stock Plan Administrator will join our Accounting Team in San Jose, CA and perform day-to-day activities in administrating our global equity program. This role will be responsible for processing stock options, releasing restricted stock units and assisting in the equity stock grant process globally. The ideal candidate will have excellent customer service and communication skills, a high level of accuracy, ability to focus on detail, and strong technical skills. This position is an Individual Contributor and reports to Manager, Stock Plan Administration. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Includes the following essential duties and responsibilities (other duties may also be assigned): Maintain Equity Edge and Merrill Lynch databases and ensure accuracy at all times. Prepare and process stock options and restricted stock unit grants, cancellations, exercises and releases on a timely basis for all employees globally and other option and equity holders. Assist with the quarterly stock grant process. Prepare online equity agreements for all grants. Prepare monthly equity reconciliations for Accounting. Provide NQ, ISO, RSU tax reports to Payroll. Generate reports from Equity Edge database for business partners and respond to ad-hoc requests. Maintain trading blackout periods and pre-clearance. Interact with transfer agent to ensure trades are settled timely, and initiate and reconcile DWAC transactions. Provide excellent customer service to equity participants at all levels and to partners across departments. Assist with internal and external audits and investigations relating to equity matters. Assist in preparation of equity reporting in global tax filings. Perform other duties and ad hoc projects as requested. Qualifications : Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in Business, Accounting/Finance, or a related field. 3+ years of equity experience in stock options and RSUs preferred. Experience with ETrade’s Equity Edge Online (EEO) platform and Merrill Lynch a plus. Able to work independently and effectively with a range of individuals. Ability to maintain strict confidentiality of materials and information. Able to multi-task, prioritize, and work under tight deadlines. Strong analytical skills, accuracy and attention to details required. Strong organization skills, good work ethic, and excellent written and verbal communication skills. CEP candidate a plus About Super Micro Computer, Inc.: Supermicro® (NASDAQ: SMCI), the leading innovator in high-performance, high- efficiency server technology, is a premier provider of advanced server Building Block Solutions® for Data Center, Cloud Computing, Enterprise IT, Hadoop/Big Data, HPC and Embedded Systems worldwide. Supermicro is committed to protecting the environment through its “We Keep IT Green®” initiative and provides customers with the most energy-efficient, environmentally-friendly solutions available on the market.