Snowflake’s mission is to enable every organization to be data-driven with instant elasticity, secure data sharing and per-second pricing, across multiple clouds. Snowflake combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. Snowflake is the only Data Warehouse built for the cloud and we’re growing! Our customers love the product and we are constantly innovating and expanding its capabilities. We are looking for Product Managers to join our rapidly growing team! We’re looking for candidates with strong technical and product design skills, as well as business and strategic acumen. At Snowflake we put our customers first and want to continue building products that our users love. As a Snowflake Product Manager, you will: Define and evolve the product vision and direction for one or more key areas. Work in a cross functional and collaborative role spanning several teams such as product, design, engineering, marketing, sales and support. Work with and collaborate with a number of technology and business partners. Manage programs and structure projects to ensure smooth execution of the product roadmap. Manage customer preview programs and engage in frequent conversations with customers both onsite and in customer offices to understand their needs, gather feedback, and overall ensure that product direction is in tune with customer needs. A Product Manager at Snowflake is expected to have: The ability to understand the breadth of our product line as well as the technical ability to drill into details on owned areas. Prior experience defining a product vision and roadmap, and managing incremental execution through successful launches. Proven expertise working with, presenting to and managing communications with customers. Demonstrated ability to work cross functionally across the company. Ability to thrive in the dynamic environment that comes with being part of an innovative startup from its early days. That means flexibility as well as dealing with ambiguity. 5+ years of relevant experience in a technical role. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, related technical field or similar practical experience. An understanding in the area of data management, Big Data analytics, data warehousing and/or cloud technologies is a plus. LI-SG1 About Snowflake Snowflake Computing, the cloud data warehousing company, has reinvented the data warehouse for the cloud and today’s data. The Snowflake Elastic Data Warehouse is built from the cloud up with a patent-pending new architecture that delivers the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms and the elasticity of the cloud – at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. Snowflake can be found online at snowflake.net. Snowflake has been voted as one of the Bay Area Best Places to Work in 2015, 2016, and 2017. We are a place where people work effectively with the same values and vision. We focus on doing what is right for our customers, shareholders, and employees. We create great products, individually and as a team. Snowflake is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, gender identity or expression, marital status, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, race, religion, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.