Over a billion people use Instagram, which means jobs here offer countless ways to make an impact in a fast growing organization. Instagram was built to connect people to the people and interests they love. Our app has played a critical part in forming meaningful communities where people can connect with each other and share what matters most to them. Instagram is seeking Machine Learning Engineers to help build and optimize our rapidly growing network. Our mission at Instagram is to strengthen relationships through shared experiences. The ideal candidate will have industry experience working on a range of classification and optimization problems, e.g. click-through rate prediction, click-fraud detection, image recognition, search ranking, text/sentiment classification, collaborative filtering/recommendation, or spam detection. If you are excited about building great product and pioneering new uses for machine learning, come join us in our New York City office. RESPONSIBILITIES Develop highly scalable classifiers and tools leveraging machine learning, data regression, and rules based models Suggest, collect and synthesize requirements and create effective feature roadmap Apply expert software development skills to a wide range of ML-related coding projects Adapt standard machine learning methods to best exploit modern parallel environments (e.g. distributed clusters, multicore SMP, and GPU) MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS MS degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field with 5+ years of relevant experience or Ph.D degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field Experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, recommendation systems, pattern recognition, large-scale data mining or artificial intelligence. Proven ability to translate insights into business recommendations Experience with Hadoop/Hbase/Pig or MapReduce/Sawzall/Bigtable Knowledge in developing and debugging in C/C++ and Java Experience with scripting languages such as Perl, Python, PHP, and shell scripts Experience with filesystems, server architectures, and distributed systems