About Fujitsu Network Communications, Inc. Fujitsu Network Communications, Inc., is a trusted partner to a broad spectrum of customers across all industries, enabling them to realize the maximum value from their communications networks. We are a market-leading U.S.-based manufacturer of network equipment and a top U.S. patent holder in optical networking. Our solutions combine the best wireline, wireless, and software technology with extensive multivendor services expertise to deliver custom, end-to-end network integration and management solutions. For more information, please see http://us.fujitsu.com/telecom, connect with us on LinkedIn at www.linkedin.com/company/fujitsu-network-communications, and follow us on Twitter @FujitsuFNC. Req ID: 7664 Corporate Overview Fujitsu Network Communications, Inc., is a trusted partner to a broad spectrum of customers across all industries, enabling them to realize the maximum value from their communications networks. We are a market-leading U.S.-based manufacturer of network equipment and a top U.S. patent holder in optical networking. Our solutions combine the best wireline, wireless, and software technology with extensive multivendor services expertise to deliver custom, end-to-end network integration and management solutions. For more information, please see http://us.fujitsu.com/telecom, connect with us on LinkedIn at www.linkedin.com/company/fujitsu-network-communications, and follow us on Twitter @FujitsuFNC. Full Stack Software Developer Job Description Services Operations & Maintenance is looking for a talented and highly motivated Software Developer with full stack experience designing and creating web applications for both internal and external customers. The selected candidate must be familiar with all layers in computer software development, the ability to work on both the front-end and back-end portions of an application, and possess functional knowledge to take a concept and turn it into a finished product. Accountabilities Design, develop, and maintain a software application to capture, store, and visualize data Optimize system architecture and framework to facilitate business goals and growth Interact with internal and third party stakeholders to define business processes and software requirements Interface with analysts and business unit leaders to create automations and new tool sets to solve problems in a fast paced agile environment Qualifications Required Strong analytical and problem solving skills Working knowledge with various database systems Ability to normalize and automate transfers of disperse datasets to centralized locations Experience designing and building web applications to visualize data Familiarity with various programming languages (JavaScript, Python, Java, C++, CSS, C, C, HTML, Perl, etc.) Vast experience using web frameworks (Angularjs, Django, Laravel, Node.js, Symfony, ASP.net, Yii, Meteorjs, Vue.js, etc.) Exposure to visualization libraries (Echarts, Chart.js, Chartist, C3.js, Highcharts, Nvd3, Flot, etc.) Extensive knowledge with experience in GUI design and web service communication protocols (REST, SOAP, etc.) Desired Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent engineering field Strong interpersonal skills and experience working with cross-functional teams Creative eye with ability to conceptualize and communicate “big picture” goals Comfortable performing product vendor evaluations Detailed analytical abilities and technical writing skills Flexible and able to handle several projects simultaneously Telecommunication Industry Knowledge and Skills All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.