Server Administration Windows Server Administrator responsible for installation, configuration and support of all Windows, VMware ESXi servers and operating systems within a DoD enterprise environment requiring 24 x 7 uptime. Responsibilities include building, installing and configuration of all physical and virtual servers, deploying and testing OS, virus updates, patches, STIGS, SCAP, and performance tuning. Duties and Responsibilities: Installs and configures Windows server hardware and software, to include physical and virtual servers, legacy Linux, Windows Server, Active Directory, IIS, VMware ESXi, Virtual Center, VMotion and HBSS. – Assumes a primary role in the testing of new equipment. – Troubleshoots Windows and ESXi server and OS issues. Independently utilizes all available resources (knowledge bases, online resources, etc.) to ensure timely resolution of server issues. – Develops operating procedures for system administration activities including system monitoring, performance tuning, backup/recovery, server architecture design and system maintenance. – Follows operating procedures and utilizes established support tools for analysis and reporting requirements. – Executes a planned program of virus updates, patch and service pack management, including testing, deployment staging, and documentation. Install, maintain and manage Windows WSUS, SCCM, HBSS, and other servers for automated updates. – Performs regular system maintenance, hardware and software upgrades, physical to virtual migrations and performance tuning. – Interfaces with Network Engineers, Storage Engineers, Database Administrators and Application Teams to optimize systems use and configuration. – Actively participates in project planning to ensure timely and successful completion of projects assigned to Windows server team. – Provides technical knowledge and recommendations to staff members as required. – Provides server hardware capacity recommendations. – Provides installation support for new applications and software releases. – Interfaces with hardware vendors to maintain and schedule repair of equipment in a timely manner and /or provide hardware repair and maintenance as required. – Provide on-call 24 x 7 support on a rotating basis. – Ensure/implement the rigorous application of Information Security/Information Assurance policies, principles, and practices in the delivery of Systems, Applications and/or Services (Hardware & Software). Reviews DISA’s Windows Server Security Technical Implementation Guide (STIG) and Checklists for guidance. – Performs other related duties as assigned. Technical Certification: DoD 8570 Baseline Certification: CompTIA Security+ CE (required on start date) Computing Environment: MCSA: Windows Server 2012 or higher equivalent. ) required 120 days from start date) Clearance: Active Top secret Qualifications: GENERAL EXPERIENCE: 3+ years’ experience in administrative, technical work, which demonstrated the ability and aptitudes, required to perform technical, managerial, or analytical work and coordination involving management information systems. SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: 3+ years’ experience in a majority of the following: Large scale Windows Server Administration supporting a variety of business applications (monitoring, tuning, backup/recovery, configuration, documentation) – Virtualization with VMWare ESXi with Virtual Center, HyperV or other Linux hypervisor – Networking services for Directory, DNS, DHCP for devices and users. – Active Directory PKI authentication and protocols for certificate/smartcard revocation – Windows server implementation and configuration (O/S load, patch updates, application load and configuration) – Supporting a variety of application within the Windows server environment (business applications, databases, web services, messaging, monitoring tools, etc.)