DoITT provides for the sustained, efficient and effective delivery of IT services, infrastructure and telecommunications to enhance service delivery to New York City's residents, businesses, employees and visitors. As the City's technology leader, DoITT is responsible for maintaining the foundational IT infrastructure and systems that touch every aspect of City life from public safety to human services, from education to economic development crossing the full spectrum of governmental operations. The successful candidate will serve as a Front End Developer reporting to the NYC.gov Director of Production in the NYC Gov Lab & Studio. The Front End Developer will be an expert in front- end web development with a strong emphasis on all aspects of WordPress and PHP, and who possesses the ability to communicate in plain language with clients and teammates.Responsibilities will include: ? Create and maintain Content Management System templates with a focus on WordPress themes, plugins and admin side customizations;? Build Web sites in HTML, CSS, JavaScript and PHP as needed to support WordPress product offerings;? Develop reusable frameworks, modular components, design patterns and code libraries;? Recommend, implement and supervise standards and best practices for code, components, frameworks, libraries and associated methods;? Implement front-end presentations for Enterprise applications;? Build and maintain pages for NYC.gov and other City external and internal websites;? Implement visual, interaction and user interface designs;? Implement standards and best practices for web and application usability and accessibility;? Modernize and promote current design standards and processes, WordPress methods, tools and plugins, as well as staying current with new software features that improve usability;? Work with the Business Analysis, Human-Centered Design (aka Service Design), WebOps, Project Management and Application Development teams to develop business, technical, and product requirements;? Being involved in research and analysis of users? needs and participating in the development of a modern and coherent software system design strategy ranging from a minimum viable product to a comprehensive system to meet these needs. Minimum Qual Requirements Professional/Vendor Certification, Education and Experience Requirements: You must have current professional/vendor certifications. In addition, you must have one of the following: 1. A masters degree in computer science or a related field from an accredited college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional, or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the U.S. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) AND 12 months of satisfactory full-time (not classroom based) specialized experience in computer applications development planning, design, configuration, installation, troubleshooting, integration, performance monitoring, maintenance, enhancement, and security management as described in the following nine Major Task Groups in the IT Titles Task Inventory: Applications Development; Web Development, Design, and Maintenance; Business/Systems Analysis; Project Management Support; Application Design; GIS Structures, Spatial Analysis, and Mapping Principles; Testing; Technical Writing; and Version Control; OR 2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional, or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the U.S. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) AND 24 months of satisfactory full-time (not classroom based) specialized experience as described in ?1? above; OR 3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State?s Department of Education or a recognized accrediting organization AND 24 months of satisfactory full-time (not classroom based) specialized experience as described in ?1? above plus 48 months of information technology experience as described in the IT Task Inventory ; OR 4. A satisfactory combination of education and experience which is equivalent to ?3? above. Education may be substituted for the information technology experience on the basis of 30 semester credits from an accredited college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional, or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the U.S. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) is equivalent to 12 months of experience, up to a maximum of 48 months. However, if you qualify under options ?2,? ?3? or ?4,? you must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State?s Department of Education or a recognized accrediting organization and at least 24 months of satisfactory full-time (not classroom based) specialized information technology experience as described in ?1? above. Preferred Skills The successful candidate will have significant experience with implementing WordPress single-and multi-site and creating custom WordPress themes and plugins from scratch. The candidate should also know how to implement and document visual displays, interactions and effective user experiences in standard graphics and business software and in HTML, CSS, JavaScript and PHP. The candidate will need to have a PHP Certification at the time the job is accepted. The preferred candidate should possess the following skills: ? HTML5, CSS3;? CSS Frameworks (such as Bootstrap);? Sass/SCSS;? Responsive web design;? JavaScript;? JQuery;? PHP (certification is required);? WordPress template, theme and plugin development (Certification is a plus_); ? AJAX, JSON, XML, RSS;? Development for major browsers (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari); ? Adobe Creative Cloud;? Omnigraffle;? Sketch;? Dreamweaver/Coda/Sublime;? Communication and presentation software (Word, Pages, Excel, Numbers, PowerPoint, Keynote); or similar products where appropriate ? User-centered focus;? Clear, direct communication and negotiation skills;? Resiliency and adaptability;? Ability to take initiative and work independently;? Ability to advance projects in environments of uncertainty;? Establishment of and adherence to standards and best practices;? Creative approach to problem solving;? Ability to take risks and explore new ideas;? Teamwork Additional Information Candidates must have one of the following professional/vendor certifications: ? PHP Certification? MCPD: Web Developer 4? MCPD: Web Developer ? MCSD: Web Applications To Apply Special Note: Taking and passing civil service exams are necessary to maintain employment with the City of New York. Please check the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) website (http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/work/exam_monthly.shtml) for important exam filing information. Please ensure that you are either a permanent employee in the civil service title listed on this posting, or, that you file for the examination when there is an open filing period. For more information regarding the civil service process, please visit the DCAS website at: http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/work/work.shtml For City employees, please go to Employee Self Service (ESS), click on Recruiting Activities > Careers, and search for Job ID 340443For all other applicants, please go to www.nyc.gov/jobs/search and search for Job ID 340443-or-If you do not have access to a computer, please mail resume indicating Job ID to: Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DoITT)Recruitment Office - 2 Metrotech Center - 4th Floor - Brooklyn, NY 11201SUBMISSION OF A RESUME IS NOT A GUARANTEE THAT YOU WILL RECEIVE AN INTERVIEWAPPOINTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO OVERSIGHT Hours/Shift Day - Due to the necessary technical support duties of this position in a 24/7 operation, candidate may be required to work various shifts such as weekends and/or nights/evenings. Work Location Brooklyn, NY Residency Requirement New York City Residency is not required for this position