The County of San Mateo is seeking a dynamic individual who is results- oriented, a critical thinker, and team player for the position of Health System Emergency Medical Services-Intern II Information Analyst. This position will provide data analytics, assist with preparation of reports, plans and clinical documents, disaster plan writing, and provide administrative support to the Emergency Medical Services team. This is an entry-level position which will give the candidate a broad base of experience in how an EMS system utilizes data to assist with contract compliance and evidence-based clinical practices. In addition, the candidate will gain insight into how the Health Emergency Preparedness Unit (HEP) prepares for and implements disaster and emergency plans for the County and vulnerable populations. The EMS system depends on many different elements working together with a goal of providing high-quality care and services to our community. To be most effective, we work with many community partners who include: fire, our contracted ambulance transport company, law enforcement, public safety communications, emergency relief agencies, shelters, and cross collaboration amongst multiple county divisions on many projects and initiatives. There are currently 2 vacancies available is in the Emergency Medical Services (EMS) Agency department of the Health System, located at 801 Gateway Blvd., South San Francisco, CA. The internship is for about 3-6 months with the possibility to extending it up to a year or more. Work hours will range from 8-20 hours a week. There is flexibility on the days worked. Examples Of Duties: _Primary Responsibilities:_ Look at data collection instruments; do initial analyzing and gathering of information Collect, analyze, and summarize the data to other members of the EMS staff Maintain computerized collection and tracking of data Keep all information confidential and HIPAA compliant Design ad hoc reports as requested Format policies and protocol documents Assist in clinical quality improvement processes Participate in or initiate written proposals and reports Active participation in resolving system issues Other duties as assigned Qualifications: _Education:_ Any combination of education and experience that would provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities is qualifying. A typical way to qualify is a completed or pending bachelor's degree in public health, biology, chemistry, statistics, communication, business, public administration, or a related discipline. Experience: Two years of administrative or management experience in a health/medical, emergency medical services (EMS), public safety, emergency management organization, or public health organization. _Knowledge of:_ Statistical software programs such as SPSS, SAS, or other programs Principles and practices of county management, administration, and government Data analysis, research and reporting methods _Skill/Ability to:_ Design or develop specific databases for collection, tracking, and reporting of EMS data Organize and prioritize a variety of projects and multiple tasks in an effective and timely manner to meet critical time deadlines Prepare and present clear, concise, and logical written and oral reports, correspondence, policies, procedures, and other written materials to all levels of management Operate modern office equipment including computer equipment and specialized software applications Use English effectively to communicate in person and in writing Establish, maintain, and foster positive and effective working relationships with those contacted in the course of work _Other:_ The successful candidate will be required to submit to a background check. The incumbent may be asked to obtain a security clearance. All government employees are Disaster Service Workers as described in Section 3100 and 3109 of the CA Government Code. Emergency management duties during declared and undeclared emergencies will be assigned on a 24/7/365 basis. _The ideal candidate will possess:_ An educational background in public health, disaster preparedness, biology, chemistry, or health administration with at least a high school degree and admission into college or university Ability to look at data and utilize software to do initial analysis Presentation skills; concise and effective explanations of complex issues Detail oriented with ability to produce accurate analyses Ability to work independently with minimal direction after being given assignments Ability to maintain an effective working relationship with a variety of public and private organizations Demonstrated leadership and interpersonal skills Excellent communication skills, written and verbal Proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office Suite programs NOTE: The eligible list generated from this recruitment may be used to fill future extra-help, term, unclassified, and regular classified vacancies. Application/Examination: If you are interested in being considered for this limited-term position the following must be submitted via e-mail: Cover Letter Resume Responses to supplemental questions (2-page limit) Anyone may apply. A supplemental application form must be submitted in addition to our regular employment application form. The examination will consist of an interview (weight 100%). Depending on the number of applicants an application appraisal of education and experience may be used in place of other examinations or a screening committee may select those applicants whose education and/or experience appear to best meet the needs of the position based solely on the information provided in the application materials. Because of this screening process, all applicants meeting the minimum qualifications are not guaranteed advancement through any subsequent phase of the examination. IMPORTANT Applications for this position will only be accepted online. If you are currently on the County's website, you may click the 'Apply' button above. If you are not on the County's website, please go to http://jobs.smcgov.org to apply. Online applications must be received by the Human Resources Department before midnight on the final filing date. ~ TENTATIVE RECRUITMENT SCHEDULE ~ Final Filing Date: Continuous Application Screening: To be determined Combined Civil Service Panel/Departmental Interviews: To be determined Effective July 1, 2014, the County of San Mateo will no longer require job applicants to disclose conviction history information until after the applicant successfully completes all examination phases for the recruitment. All passing applicants will receive instructions by email only from Human Resources staff to complete and submit a conviction history questionnaire online within a specified deadline of two business days. Failure to do so within the timeframe will disqualify you from the rest of the process. Please visit this link at http://hr.smcgov.org/conviction-information-applicants-faqs to find out more information about the conviction history questionnaire so that you can prepare accordingly. Note: Positions in criminal justice agencies currently required by law to pass background checks are exempted from this bill, and applicants may be required to submit conviction information at the time of application.