Overview Schedules and revises material replenishment plans to ensure purchased materials are available to meet internal demand. Analyzes inventory levels, production speeds, and product demand to determine reorder levels which ensure product availability and minimizes inventory costs. Responsibilities _Responsibilities and tasks are written as follows:_ Oversees the storage and warehousing of materials, actively involved in cycle counts plans, adjustments to order quantities and max/min’s levels in conjunction with the supervisor. Plans layout and utilization of warehouse space, considers inventory turnover, size, weight and related factors of items stored. Advises employees on care and preservation of items received, stored, and shipped. Schedules and participates in, work for special and periodic inventories. Traces history of items to determine reasons for discrepancies between inventory and stock control records and recommends remedial actions to resolve discrepancies. Support plant cost reduction teams, analyze data in SAP and generate reports on inventory. Reviews records for accuracy of information and compliance with established procedures, and to determine adequate stock levels. Studies records and recommends remedial actions for reported non-usable, slow moving, and excess stock. Participate in Continuous Improvement Team working with suppliers, local businesses, and Corporate buyers to optimize the inventory. Generate necessary reports for Maintenance, R &D;, Production and Finance. _The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. May perform other duties as assigned._ Qualifications _To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals to perform the essential functions_. Bachelor’s degree (B.A.) from a regionally accredited four-year college or university and 2+ years experience in maintenance/MRO purchasing/Packaging and Ingredients purchasing; or equivalent combination of education and experience, required. Bachelor’s Degree, preferred. Capable of communicating and expressing ideas clearly and concisely, in both written and verbal formats. Must work well under pressure in a fast-paced environment with multiple tasks, projects and deadlines. Must be able to build and maintain supply chain relationships. Strong Excel skills including spreadsheet creation and data manipulation. Knowledge of Contract Management systems, Database software, Internet software, Order processing systems, Word Processing software and CMMS software. Requires knowledge of the purchasing process, demand planning and equipment output. Must be familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices and procedures. Supervisory Responsibilities This position has no supervisory responsibilities. Physical Demands _The physical demands described here are representative of those an employee should possess to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions._ Occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required include close vision, distance vision and ability to adjust focus. Frequently required to sit, stand, walk; use hands to handle, or feel, and talk or hear; reach with hands and arms; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. Work Environment _The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions._ Occasionally exposed to wet and/or humid conditions; moving mechanical parts; fumes or airborne particles; toxic or caustic chemicals; outside weather conditions; extreme cold; extreme heat; risk of electrical shock and vibration. Noise level in the work environment is usually loud. EEO/AA Information Smithfield is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action (EEO/AA) Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with disability, or any other protected group status or non-job related characteristic as directed by la _w._