Job Description: Who are we? Since its founding in 2004, KIND has been on a mission to make the world a little kinder one snack and one act at a time. KIND was born out of its founder’s desire to create a snack that was healthy and tasty, wholesome and convenient. What began as a line of premium Fruit & Nut bars sparked the creation of an entirely new healthier snacking category. Today, KIND has a family of snacks that offer solutions for a variety of different occasions. From the healthy snacks, we make to the way we work, live and give back, we are committed to making the world a little kinder, because we believe that there’s more to business than just profit. We're looking for passionate, conscious collaborators to help us meet our goals: to inspire kindness, with one tasty snack (and good act) at a time. If you’re looking to be a part of an inspiring, energetic and entrepreneurial environment, you found the right place. What you’ll do As a KIND Brand Ambassador - Mobile Team Captain (KBA) you will be the face of the brand at various field marketing events and sampling activations, including key events, opportunistic samplings, and retail support. In this role, you will largely be responsible for the mobile sampling efforts of the Field Marketing team, and be part of a group of ambassadors occasionally relied upon and responsible for driving the KIND vehicle. This is how you will do it… Retail Activations Coordinate in - store demos with store managers and demo coordinators on schedules, product levels and demo guidelines. Create a unique customer experience to increase brand awareness and build customer loyalty, and ultimately drive in-store sales. Capture demo results by timely reporting on all pertinent information into the tracking system including gathering important insights and consumer feedback to present to KIND Headquarters. Represent all KIND product lines across the entire portfolio, with a strong understanding of nutrition and key functions and benefits of ingredients. Maintain relationships with existing sales accounts through POS placement and store merchandising and other retail activations. Marketing Events Support marketing events relevant to the brand and to the region. You’ll be responsible for partnering with like-minded companies in your region. Participate in strategic coordination and execution of sampling initiatives, reaching consumers where they live, play and shop. Build & Maintain Relationships Seed and develop new relationships with market influencers, ultimately leading to increased brand visibility. Communicate success stories, key learnings, and other activities to your Field Marketing Team Lead. Amplify KIND initiatives through personal network and social media support. Engage and educate consumers through mobile occasion sampling. Spread Kindness Do unexpected acts of kindness for others. Required Experience: What you’ll bring to KIND A background in customer service, which has strengthened your skills to provide a stellar customer experience. An energetic and entrepreneurial spirit. Deep understanding of what it takes to execute a successful event. You are… Down to earth, fun and have a 'work hard, play hard' mentality. An executor of account based marketing strategies that align to revenue goals. Naturally outgoing and internally motivated in your personal and professional efforts. A relationship builder, excited by the opportunity to partner with our customers and consumers. A results oriented self-starter. Able to maintain direction and focus by leveraging organizational abilities and proactive planning. A multi-tasker with the ability to prioritize competing tasks. Genuine in your desire to help make the world a kinder place, committing to always spreading and celebrating kindness. Willing to regularly work early mornings, evenings, and weekends based on company needs. You have… 2 years of relevant experience in events, promotions, media or consumer products marketing. Reliable transportation and a valid driver’s license with a clean driving record. The ability and willingness to transport KIND supplies in personal vehicle when needed. Celebrated your 21st birthday (requirement for our driver’s insurance for the KIND Jeep) and comfortable driving KIND vehicle in heavy traffic and city centers The ability to positively engage the public, representing the brand in a highly positive manner. An existing network of relevant contacts, specifically within active lifestyle, culture and business. An understanding of both marketing & sales fundamentals. A deep-rooted understanding of the relevant marketing and surrounding area. Mastered the ability to work autonomously and collaboratively. Access to a computer for reporting sampling results, and are well versed in Microsoft PowerPoint & Excel. Access to a personal smart phone for schedule updates, photo capturing, and emails. The ability to lift heavy items including tents, tables, and boxes up to 50 lbs. The ability to be in contact with and handle food products that contain nuts or food products made in a facility that processes nuts. Pluses A Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience. What KIND offers Casual dress code - wear your KIND gear. A dynamic, ambitious, fun and KIND environment. The opportunity and responsibility to be KIND every day. EEO At KIND, we are committed to an inclusive workplace where diversity in all its forms is championed. KIND is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and we are an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require special accommodation, please let us know. Keyword: KBA Mobile Team Captin From: KIND