NYC Department of Finance (DOF) is responsible for administering the tax revenue laws of the city fairly, efficiently, and transparently to instill public confidence and encourage compliance while providing exceptional customer service.Property Valuation & Tax Mapping is responsible for the valuation of more than one million properties in the City of New York and overseeing assessments and valuations in a fair and equitable manner as part of the City?s real property tax system. The valuations enable the efficient and effective collection of the majority of revenues for the City of New York. The City of New York recently contracted for image captures which includes delivery of aerial and street level LiDAR data. The Property Valuation & Mapping Unit is seeking a Geospatial Data Scientist to provide imagery processing specifically related to the exploitation of LiDAR and imagery data. This individual will extract building features from aerial and street level LiDAR data for the purpose of detecting change or violations from code, and automate the process to produce lists for inspection. The goal is to use LiDAR technology, combined with multi-source databases, to assist in resolving workload issues by providing data-driven intelligence. Additionally, this person will be responsible for identifying new tools, techniques, and processes to transform geospatial information in order to improve and streamline our workflows. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following: LiDAR feature extraction as identified from images and associated data Use software to assess, integrate, manipulate, exploit, extract and analyze digital imagery, geospatial databases, and various databases Use remote sensing, spatial analysis, and GIS tools and skills to construct multi- source geospatial intelligent databases to guide policy Generate 3D buildings and 3D modeling variables Use statistical software to analyze geospatial data merged with other databases. Provide maintenance, review and quality control of geospatial data. Perform geocoding and digitizing data. Perform special projects and initiatives as assigned. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. For Assignment Level I (only physical, biological and environmental sciences and public health) A master's degree from an accredited college or university with a specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological or environmental science or in public health. To be appointed to Assignment Level II and above, candidates must have: 1. A doctorate degree from an accredited college or university with specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological, environmental or social science and one year of full-time experience in a responsible supervisory, administrative or research capacity in the appropriate field of specialization; or 2. A master's degree from an accredited college or university with specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological, environmental or social science and three years of responsible full-time research experience in the appropriate field of specialization; or 3. Education and/or experience which is equivalent to "1" or "2" above. However, all candidates must have at least a master's degree in an appropriate field of specialization and at least two years of experience described in "2" above. Two years as a City Research Scientist Level I can be substituted for the experience required in "1" and "2" above. NOTE: Probationary Period Appointments to this position are subject to a minimum probationary period of one year. Preferred Skills The preferred candidate will have: A minimum of3 years of experience and a Masters in geography/GIS, image science, remote sensing, or similar engineering/science field. Demonstrated experience in applied image processing and scientific analysis of LIDAR imagery, knowledge of image formation, remote sensing and photogrammetry. Knowledge of commercial imagery data, products, processes, and sensors. Experience with 3D GIS. Ability to communicate effectively in writing and oral presentations, complete task in a timely manner with minimal supervision, and the ability to work cooperatively and effectively as a team member. Proficiency using image processing software and knowledge of programming languages such as R and Python. Familiarity with commercial data sources and integration into ArcGIS. Experience utilizing large data sets from a database or a cloud environment. Additional Information In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. To Apply Click the "Apply Now" button.While we appreciate every applicant's interest, only those under consideration will be contacted. Hours/Shift Unless otherwise indicated, all positions require a five-day workweek. Work Location 66 John Street, New York, NY(Current location but could be subject to change) Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.