Company Overview Dollar General (NYSE: DG) is a Fortune 200 company with more than 15,000 retail locations in 44 states, 15 distribution centers and 130,000 employees that embody our mission of Serving Others each and every day. We work in an energetic atmosphere that embraces innovation, diversity and teamwork, all while keeping our customers and communities at the center of everything we do! At Dollar General, employees have numerous growth and development career opportunities through award-winning training and being part of one of America’s fastest-growing retailers. Apply today and let’s grow together! Job Details GENERAL SUMMARY: Plan and lead the activities of all stores within the assigned area of operation, including full profit and loss responsibility, while acting within the scope of company objectives and policies to accomplish divisional and regional goals. DUTIES and ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: Lead store teams by ensuring: A culture that fosters Dollar General’s mission and values. Fair administration of human resources policies & practices. Superior customer service through fun, friendly stores. Area annual sales growth that meets or exceeds company targets through quality orders and efficient flow processes. All tools are effectively utilized in each store and market resulting in superior inventory presentation and management. Effective planning & execution of company objectives. Maximization of performance & productivity through a commitment to sensible store scheduling. Total development of human capital through proactive recruitment, selection and education of employees and customers. Protection of company assets through loss prevention and expense efficiencies. Identify and develop new business opportunities within operational area (i.e., distribution flow improvements, merchandising display efforts, store growth and real estate site selection, recruiting strategy, training and development priorities, employee Relations, customer service, systems implementation, etc.). Consistent and effective communication of divisional and regional priorities to store teams. Qualifications KNOWLEDGE and SKILLS: Demonstrated results-oriented leadership including the ability to model total development and serve as a steward of Dollar General’s mission and values. Demonstrated record of achieving performance goals and objectives. Financial analysis skills sufficient to interpret operating statements and other financial reporting data, manage budgets, and control inventory. Demonstrated ability to produce desired results by leveraging resources, maintaining tough expense control, managing merchandise effectively, and defining and communicating clear expectations. Demonstrated ability to manage multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment while demonstrating flexibility and adaptability. Demonstrated strong interpersonal and leadership skills including a willingness to consistently provide superior customer service, the ability to react appropriately under pressure, and the ability to apply good judgment in ambiguous situations. Demonstrated ability to effectively work in collaboration with team to achieve objectives in a participative management style. WORK EXPERIENCE and/or EDUCATION: Four+ years retail management experience with progressively more responsibility, managing multi-unit operations in retail, grocery or convenience store operations with full P&L; responsibility. Bachelor’s degree preferred. “Big-box” retail management and/or equivalent education and experience combination will be considered. COMPETENCIES: Drives results by identifying opportunities to improve performance. Works efficiently by planning and organizing work to achieve goals and objectives. Focuses on customers by anticipating customer need, overcoming obstacles, and continually striving to improve customer satisfaction. Applies effective analytical skills by integrating complex information, while balancing tactical and strategic initiatives. Provides effective leadership by maintaining an environment that promotes teamwork and maximizes individual potential. Communicates effectively by providing clear and timely communication and demonstrating effective listening skills. Demonstrates adaptability by adjusting to changing business priorities. Note: This position requires weekly travel in a company-provided vehicle with limited overnight stays; a current driver's license and acceptable driving history is required.