Mutual Mobile is a world leading agency in mobile and emerging technology innovation and we are looking for an accomplished Front Desk Host to join our team! As a Front Desk Host at Mutual Mobile, you’ll be both the face and the organizational heart of office operations. You’ll excel in this position if you’ve finely tuned your organizational skills; can manage office systems and processes with excellence and efficiency; are comfortable multi-tasking and don’t mind the inevitable interruptions that come with a busy office; and love to party plan and the excitement that comes with interacting with vendors. You will be responsible for: Greeting vendors, customers, job applicants and other visitors Scheduling appointments and working with Google Calendar Making room reservations Receiving and distributing mail from FedEx, UPS and USPS Qualifying and forwarding messages from vendors, prospective partners and the general public Executive assistant duties for C-level staff, as needed Keeping the office stocked with supplies Keeping 12 conference rooms tidy and stocked with supplies Working closely with our Impact Team to ensure that we have one of the best places to work Contacting and soliciting bids from outside service providers You should be: Quick learner A self-starter Confident Full-time (9-5, M-F) availability Self-motivated and able to adapt to work well both solo and on a team Requirements: Minimum High School diploma, prefer one year of college or equivalent in related field Preferred 2 years prior general clerical/receptionist experience Detail oriented High attention to etiquette Familiar with Mac, Google Mail and Google Calendar Customer service focus Proven communication and interpersonal skills Ability to prioritize and multitask in a fast-paced environment Why work for Mutual Mobile? We make great products. We craft beautiful mobile interfaces and solve complex software challenges. Clients such as HEB, Google, lynda.com, Citi, Nike, and Under Armour come to us for our deep experience in mobile and emerging technology — from establishing a mobile strategy that provides impactful business value, to building those solutions from the ground up. We bring together the brightest minds in interactive & visual design, engineering, and business management to deliver solutions that actually matter. You’ll love working here, because this isn’t a company of silos. Team members are empowered and encouraged to pursue cool ideas, think for themselves, and make mistakes. If your passion extends beyond the role, we’ll invite your views and assistance with improving our culture, systems and processes. We know you’re smart, and that you love learning new technologies--so you’ll be able to work on a variety of projects with many different types of people.