The Portfolio Analytics Manager will play an important role in portfolio analysis at NIBR, including milestone tracking, benchmarking, productivity assessments and forecasting. The incumbent will collaborate with embedded business partners to help derive insights from analytics for senior leadership. The incumbent will also collaborate with Portfolio Systems and NX to help design tools and systems to simplify and standardize reporting capabilities. 1\. Independently manage NIBR portfolio analysis, including standardized dashboards, as-sessments as well as creating insightful ad-hoc analyses. 2\. Independently manage NIBR benchmarking activities, including all internal and external stakeholder management. Represent NIBR in external forums and use insights to inform NIBR decisions. 3\. Support Portfolio Management team in cross-NIBR prioritization and individual DA productivity assessments. 4\. Work closely with Novartis colleagues to ensure common understanding of the status of the portfolio through Proof of Concept (PoC), including Strategy and IR teams. 5\. Support design and maintenance of portfolio databases and tools. EEO Statement _The Novartis Group of Companies are Equal Opportunity Employers and take pride in maintaining a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or any other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status._ Minimum requirements PhD or MBA with experience in drug discovery Previous knowledge of portfolio data curation and typical portfolio analyses required Experience in qualitative and quantitative bench-marking required Excellent quantitative analytical skills required, demonstrated Excel and Spotfire modelling capabilities Demonstrated track-record of excellent critical think-ing abilities as well as a commitment to quality Advanced Microsoft Office experience required, experience with building Spotfire databases Division NIBR Business Unit Portfolio Management - NIBR Country USA Work Location Cambridge, MA Company/Legal Entity NIBRI Functional Area Research & Development Job Type Full Time Employment Type Regular