Able Engineering - Able is a multi-disciplinary corporate facilities support organization, for Fortune 500 customers throughout North America. Our assignments range from large multi-tenant office buildings to single-user mid and high-rise corporate headquarters and administrative office facilities. We also serve corporate and university campuses, data centers, high-tech and bio- tech research, medical, manufacturing and warehousing facilities. Provides management for engineering staff at the direction of the Chief Engineer. Performs and administers the necessary preventive maintenance and operations work orders as well as provides applicable quality assurance inspections. Reports and collaborates with Chief Engineer on status and findings. Recommends improvements to the program and implements as directed. Provides hands-on and classroom training for engineering staff and promotes an environment of learning and development. Provides and manages stock levels on all engineering equipment and parts. Schedule all activities of the Stationary Engineers and inspects work performed and materials used. Evaluates all work orders and assess priorities and distribute them to responsible staff for action, monitor progress, and adjust resources to accommodate emergency maintenance requests. Reviews incomplete work orders and informs requestor of schedule changes. Provide regular reports to the Chief Engineer regarding any scheduled work delayed for parts, emergencies, or other reasons. Schedule engineers for regular workdays, holidays, and vacation relief. Prepares labor and material purchase requisitions and distributes for approval. Maintain self-improvement program and keep abreast of new equipment, standards, codes, maintenance procedures and emergency response regarding hazardous materials. Consistently maintain appearance that is appropriate, safe, and in accordance with Able Engineering Services standards. Always display clean and visible identification. Demonstrates commitment to quality of service. Complies with Able Engineering Services and site specific policies and procedures. Maintains regular attendance in the workplace. Maintain building as-built drawings. Read, interpret, and understand. Perform related duties as required. Assist in planning and forecasting 5-year plans. Report to management of the facility related issues. Works with management on plant related and tenant related issues. Develop, maintain and update the preventive maintenance program to comply with Able Engineering Services, industry standards and site-specific requirements. Set and maintain a professional work environment with staff. Assure good communication. Ensure standards of service and commitment. Ensure compliance with safe practices and standards. Develop goals for department, staff and self. Build morale and a team approach. Compliance with employment laws. Support growth opportunities and potential.