Job Description Jack Henry is seeking a Senior Systems Network Administrator! Are you a highly motivated person looking to make a difference where you work? If so, this position may be perfect for you! The Senior Systems Network Administrator reports to the System Network Administration Manager - Tech Ops Infrastructure and will work closely with a team of 10 other administrators. The Administrator will be responsible for planning, installation and maintenance of our virtual vSphere infrastructure including VDI. A typical day will also include hosting builds, guest automation and a lot of project work. If selected, you will be working directly with business groups to engineer solutions. We are looking for a detailed oriented person who enjoys working with others to provide a stable service to the company. There is an on call rotation every 10 weeks. In addition to a fun and casual work environment, we offer outstanding benefits, including 401(k) matching program, career advancement opportunities and a competitive benefits. Location: Springfield, MO (Primrose) MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Minimum 6 years of experience with virtualization. VMWare / Vsphere experience. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS VCP certification. Experience working with 600+ host/enterprise system. IIS experience. Bachelor’s Degree. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Designs and architects IT infrastructure solutions. Designs networks, such as LAN, WAN, Internet and/or data networks. Proposes and implements system enhancements (software and hardware updates) that will improve the performance and reliability of the system. Performs advanced troubleshooting of customer and internally-reported system problems. Writes environment security policies. Writes system procedure, policies and guidelines. Participates in on-call 24x7 support rotation. Manages and performs essential functions required for effective system backup and restore testing. Manages and performs periodic recovery testing of DR plans. May assist support groups with applications installed on various servers. Evaluates and recommends technology solutions for potential purchase to effect enhancements and efficiencies. Performs limited staff supervision of technical objectives. Assists less experienced peers. Equal Employment Opportunity _Applicants for U.S. based positions with Jack Henry & Associates must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position._ _Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and maintains a Drug-Free Workplace._ _Females, minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply._ JULIND1234 D