Do YOU have a passion for working with Data? Do you love working in machine learning, real-time analytics, or Big Data? Interested in learning and utilizing different technologies without limitation? We are looking for a Data Expert that will help our clients evaluate and implement big data and advanced analytics solutions in the Cloud and on-premise. At Clarity Insights, we specialize in providing Data & Analytics expertise that result in real and measurable business outcomes. We are passionate about data, problem solving and driving value to make a difference with our clients. Clarity Insights is the largest independent professional services firm focused exclusively on data analytics solutions. Our Data Visualization Practice is expanding and looking to develop in multiple US Regions. Clarity’s Delivery Practices have one vision: to drive better business outcomes through data and analytics. We provide data analytics advisory consulting services. We believe that nothing sells like great delivery, and are committed to our people and client delivery excellence. With continuing, aggressive growth plans for the next five years, Clarity is seeking outstanding data analytics leaders to successfully qualify, propose, close and lead client solution delivery. As a _Data Visualization Specialist_ at Clarity Insights, you would be responsible for exceeding client expectations through superior implementation, delivery and management of technology products and solutions. What will I be doing everyday? Responsible for collaborating with the business analyst to develop business requirements and translating requirements into a technical solution Analyze and defines tasks, data flows, and dependencies Develop and maintain advanced reporting, analytics, dashboards and other BI solutions using Tableau and/or Alteryx Responsible for identifying and communicating design and scope issues to the stakeholders Conduct design reviews and oversee QA functions for the information delivery applications, including ensuring that system and integration test plans are developed and executed Create other technical deliverable artifacts needed for project implementation Develop and delivers knowledge transfer to the client Basic Qualifications 2+ years of background developing Data Visualization solutions using Tableau and/or Alteryx Excellent client interaction, problem solving & communication skills Understanding of data modeling techniques Experience working with relational databases (Oracle, SQL Server, Netezza, Teradata) is required Experience using Tableau and/or Alteryx for the creation of dashboards, standard reports and ad-hoc reports Experience working with multiple disparate data sources in Tableau and/or Alteryx Experience with advanced Tableau and Alteryx topics such as complex calculations, table calculations, parameters, geographic mapping, and performance optimization Familiar with Data Visualization best practices Travel to the client on a weekly basis is required. Normal weekly schedule is M-TH travel to client location (U.S. based) Preferred Qualifications Strong experience writing complex SQL Experience implementing Data Visualization solutions using Hadoop Why Clarity Insights, Why Consulting and Why Now? We don’t try to be everything to everybody all the time. We specialize in Data & Analytics and will remain a platform and tool agnostic company so you can grow technically throughout your career. It sounds ridiculous but you actually need to be 100% technical and 100% business with strategy because we don’t hire non-communicative robots who have a one size fits all approach. We often could speak to a CFO or Head of Underwriting about a business or finance problem, and based on the need for real-time and affordable scalability, we can outline – in terms they can understand – why they should think about a cloud solution for big data and analytics. If we step across to the DevOps lab, we can easily pick up on a conversation about Apache committers, OSF, full stack development, microservices, containers and much more. We’re not trying to boil the ocean. We want to grow from 400 people to 1700 people in 4 years to take the market an accessible set of consulting skills. We have a lot of fun together. Most people join here and stay here for the people. That said, we are popular so we do rack up some travel miles. I have a million things to share about why that may change and why that must stay the same for now, but here’s a suggestion – if you LOVE Cloud Computing for Big Data and/or Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning, etc we should talk. _Clarity Solution Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity._ LI-KC1 GLDR