Location: San Francisco Duration: 1 year Job Summary: In this role, you will provide support at the Techbar, local IT and desktop support by troubleshooting, diagnosing, installing and configuring a variety of hardware and software. You will also assist in application support issues, such as access provisioning and various app configuration changes. you exhibit a high level of professionalism in providing excellent customer service and exercising sound judgment to provide timely resolution of problems. You will maintain in-depth knowledge of all desktop systems, applications, and technologies. The ideal candidate will have around 2 years of experience with desktop support. ​ Responsibilities: Hardware provisioning, imaging, troubleshooting, and software installation for laptops (Apple & Dell), desktops (Dell), and corporate owned/BYOD mobile devices (IOS/Android) along with standard peripherals. User and administration of operating systems including Mac OSX/IOS, Windows, and Linux Ubuntu. TCP/IP networking support and troubleshooting of a corporate user and remote user environment with LAN, WAN, and VPN implementations globally. Troubleshooting a variety of client, mobile and cloud applications office software (Microsoft Office, Gapps, Browsers, Salesforce.com, etc.). Access management. Understanding and adhering to security policies and corporate best practices. Solve complex incidents by applying known documented solutions and processes, taking work items through to completion with minimal direct supervision. Partnering with senior members of the team to learn new skills, ask for help, and escalate as needed. Understand all aspects of Salesforce configuration and technical/functional capabilities, including all changes and potential system implications related to ongoing releases Perform all tasks related to the day-to-day operations of several large implementations of Salesforce including managing users, creating and maintaining custom objects and fields, handling bulk data migration, workflows, validation rules, page layouts, and troubleshooting of Apex and integrations Manage a fast-paced queue of support requests, driving all issues to resolution with a strong focus on customer satisfaction and efficient task execution Maintain and demonstrate 100% compliance with all written security policies, SOX procedures and change management controls Communicating in different settings and methods including team meetings, conference calls, email, instant messaging, and social media. Aptitude and ability to learn to adapt quickly to new technology and business requirements in a fast paced, dynamic global environment. Training team members in formal and informal settings. Customer and technical support processes. Accounting and financial processes Required Skills: BA/BS Degree 2 years of experience in a desktop support function at a large enterprise Current knowledge of PC, Mac and mobile devices (iPhone/iPad, etc.), hardware/software and general technology trends Understanding of business processes and ability to translate business requirements into application functionality Excellent verbal and written technical documentation skills Strong team player with service-oriented attitude and customer focus Strong research and problem solving abilities are required Must be a go-getter and salesforce.com enthusiast who thrives on working in a fast-paced environment ​ Desired Skills: Linux support experience Conferencing solutions experience Knowledge of Cisco software and hardware Knowledge of desktop security (anti-virus/anti-spam/firewall/patching/two-factor authentication)