_Juno is seeking a Senior Manager for Quality Control_ _Operation within our Cellular Manufacturing Facility, Juno Manufacturing Plant (JuMP) located in Bothell, WA. The Senior Manager of QC Operation is responsible for providing oversight of GMP analytical testing for clinical and commercial autologous cell therapy product and the review of associated cGMP records to assure product quality is consistent with established standards and in compliance with regulatory and industry standards. The Senior Manager will be a key leader responsible for GMP operations and meeting critical business goals._ primary Responsibilities Lead and manage the day to day activities of quality control operations personnel and ensure the efficiency and effectiveness of activities related to in-process, drug product lot release testing, stability testing, analytical method transfer and analytical method validation. Ensure QC test data and drug product CoA are reviewed and available for drug product release. Hire, mentor and develop exceptional QC personnel. Identify and mitigate risks in QC laboratory that could negatively impact the safety, identity, strength purity or quality of the product. Assist in the design, implementation and continuous improvement of Quality Control systems that are technically sound, promote effective and efficient operations, and comply with cGMP requirements. Ensures deviations, CAPA, change controls, process transfers, and other business drivers are supported in a compliant manner. Create and approve relevant Standard Operation Procedures (SOP) as needed Act as subject matter expert for QC GMP operations during audits and regulatory inspections Required Qualifications BS in a scientific discipline with 10+ year of regulated industry experience Minimum of 10 years working in a commercial biopharmaceutical, cellular therapy, or gene therapy industries Direct experience supporting the manufacturing and testing of cGMP products with a minimum of 5 years prior managerial experience is required Experience in a QC role in a commercial biotech organization is required Strong working knowledge of cGMP regulations and FDA guidance applicable to biologics and cell therapy manufacturing. Ability to work in a high paced team environment, meet deadlines, and prioritize work from multiple projects. Strong analytical and communication skills as well as sound judgment, with the ability to work effectively with others Demonstrated success working in a high-performing, business results-driven environment Education Requirements THINK BIG. BE BRAVE. DELIVER.