Division: Siemens Healthineers Business Unit: Healthineers (HC) Requisition Number: 227253 Primary Location: United States-Pennsylvania-Malvern Assignment Category: Full-time regular Experience Level: Mid level Education Required Level: Bachelor's Degree Travel Required: 10% Division Description: . Job Description: Siemens Healthineers is looking for a talented and motivated individual to serve as a Full-stack Software Engineer within our Platform Management team. The right candidate will work with the industry’s latest CRM and database technologies in support of a highly focused and entrepreneurial department leading change, driving growth and supporting key business services. The individual will contribute to the overall objectives of the department and will be a hands-on technical resource to a variety of cross- functional teams and global project initiatives. He or she will have to have a solid background in key technologies with focus on data management, data visualization, and system design and implementation experience. The ideal candidate will be a highly self-motivated IT professional that enjoys working closely with commercial business leaders. This person will be inspired by technology and its use in an ever changing, fast paced environment. Key Responsibilities: Design, develop, implement and document data ingestion and integration processes. Construct a scalable data architecture utilizing both existing and new data sources. Establish and augment data services and workflows by researching and implementing best practices in data consumption, transformation and presentation. Explore data and identify patterns from multi-faceted data to create diagnostic, predictive, and prescriptive insights. Desired Qualifications: Strong background in relational database design. Exceptional knowledge of T-SQL and Microsoft SQL Server (2014 and up). Have full stack experience in data collection, aggregation, analysis, and visualization. Experience with processing and managing large data sets (multi TB scale). Programming experience with modern programming languages (e.g., C, Java, Python, Go, etc.). Experience with data viz platforms such as SSRS, QlikSense, D3, Tableau, etc. BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Math or related field. Proficiency in database management and administration (DBA). Experience with Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services ( SSIS). Expertise in machine learning and statistical modeling. Knowledge of advanced client-side frameworks, e.g., ReactJS, Velocity.js, etc. LI-WC1