Job Description Ford’s re-entry program is a temporary assignment for those with an extended employment break (2 or more years) in their field who are looking to re-launch their careers. This is a supplemental position with provisions and benefits different from a regular full-time position. All positions have a six-month duration. Upon successful completion of the program, a full-time employment offer could be made. The Manufacturing skill team enables our plants and facilities around the world to produce world-class products for customers everywhere. We ensure flawless and efficient stamping, powertrain and vehicle production in a high quality, efficient, safe and sustainable manner. Ford is seeking manufacturing engineers to work in Powertrain Manufacturing Engineering. Positions include roles in Program Delivery, Process Engineering, Quality, Maintenance, Virtual Manufacturing, Industrial Engineering, Controls and Program Planning. Responsibilities: Provide manufacturing engineering leadership throughout the entire lifecycle of new model development program, beginning at initial concept and ending at launch in the final plant facility Develop and launch new models aligned to standard process strategies through system inquiry, simultaneous engineering, build, installation, and commissioning phases Apply lean manufacturing principles and continuously improve of safety, quality, and productivity Interface with Suppliers to purchase equipment and Product Engineering to obtain new model specs Lead development of direct / indirect / salaried labor staffing plans to meet program targets, and maintain through life of program Run-off equipment per Ford Specifications at supplier and plant to validate capability and robustness including safety Participate in launch simulation and activities to support plant Interface with plant personnel with appropriate timing and installation documentation, to ensure efficient/timely installation and validation Ability to be flexible and adapt to a dynamic working environment and diverse team Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Experience collecting and analyzing data to measure program performance Experience improving business and engineering processes Individual should be a team player and willing to take a leadership role in project setting Use Lessons learned to develop program studies and improve standard Bill of Processes Position requires the ability to work in a launch production location for up to 16 months, during which time you will be expected to; work overtime, weekends and holidays when required. During these launch assignments, there will be extensive standing and walking in a plant environment. Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in engineering 1+ years of manufacturing work experience 2+ years of engineering work experience 2+ years of work experience in Microsoft Office (must be proficiency in Excel) Preferred Qualifications: Strong Computer knowledge of Auto Cad, electronic record systems and statistical software Experience with virtual manufacturing tools Experience with tooling, processes and facilities Experience interacting with an external supply base Experience in Mechanical - Industrial - Production - Control- Computer - Electrical - Manufacturing - Material Planning and Logistic The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.