Highline College is situated in a diverse community just 20 minutes south of Seattle where we serve a student population of over 70% students of color, representing over 35 nations and more than 100 languages. The college embraces equity, inclusion, and social justice, with core goals of Student Attainment, Diversity, Community Engagement, and Sustainability. Highline received a distinguished Award of Excellence from the American Association of Community Colleges in 2014, as well as the Higher Education Excellence in Diversity (HEED) award in 2013 and 2014. The college was also named one of the Chronicle of Higher Education's Best Colleges to Work For in 2010, 2013 and 2015. Information Technology Services (ITS) provides facilities and technical support for students, faculty, and staff in various implementations of technology in support of institutional goals. ITS supports over 2,600 workstations and virtual desktops in various locations both on and off campus, over 120 physical and virtual servers in two data centers, a campus-wide fiber backbone and wireless network, telephone and other communications systems, and 150 multimedia/projection systems. ITS provides hardware and software configuration and support services, technical and end-user support, web application development, and data and integration services to help further the success of Highline's students. The Highline ctcLink project team provides project management, organizational change management, technical support, and general administrative support to the campus during Highline's implementation of the statewide ctcLink PeopleSoft system. Under general supervision, the Office Assistant III will assist the ctcLink PM/OCM with administrative functions to support the ctcLink project. The OA III will organize meeting schedules and rooms and deliver targeted communications developed by the project communications team. The OA III will provide support for routine tasks in various areas in order to allow staff to participate in project activities. This is a part-time, temporary, project-based position. Essential Tasks Reporting to the Highline ctcLink Project Manager/Organizational Change Manager this position will: Organize schedules for project activities, including participants, meeting rooms, and required resources. Compile and deliver targeted written communications composed by project communications team. Maintain records relating to project functions. Compile and distribute information relevant to project activities. Perform complex word processing tasks such as merging and sorting, and manipulating spreadsheet and database files. Interact with college staff to perform work specific to the project. Perform data entry and processing to support routine college functions as needed. COMPETENCIES: Communicate clearly (verbal and written); Proficiently use Microsoft Office Suite; Detail oriented with exceptional organizational skills; Work effectively with diverse populations. Qualifications High School graduation; AND Two years of increasingly responsible clerical, customer service or related public contact experience; OR Equivalent education/experience. Supplemental Information Your application must include the following attachments in order to be considered complete: Current Resume. Letter of Interest (Cover Letter) describing how your skills and abilities relate to this position. Diversity Response statement. CONDITION OF WORK: Must pass a National Criminal Background Check. Application materials will be accepted until the position is filled with a priority closing date of August 6, 2018 at 4:00pm. Applications received by this date will receive first consideration. Applications received after this date may be considered until the position is filled. APPLICATIONS MAY BE FILED ONLINE AT: http://humanresources.highline.edu/job