Reporting to the Program Director, the Standardized Patient is someone who has been trained to simulate, in a consistent, disciplined, standardized manner, a patient in a medical situation. Standardized Patients, or "SPs," are used by Temple’s Lewis Katz School of Medicine, and by many other medical institutions to train and evaluate students. SPs learn a case, based on a real patient other than themselves, and are interviewed and examined by students as though they were that person in the doctor’s office or clinic, giving that patient’s history, and simulating their physical signs, such as pain or difficulty walking. No invasive examinations are performed; no medications are given; no sharps are used. Some disrobing may be required. Performs other duties as directed. Required Skills and Abilities: Ability to simulate a medical patient within designated parameters of a case assignment. Strong verbal and written communications skills. Demonstrable memorization and concentration skills. Willingness to undergo repeated physical examinations. Ability to use computer for basic note taking. Ability to work comfortably with health care professionals and students. Ability to work a part-time on-call schedule, as needed. Preferred: Acting training or experience useful, but not essential. Teaching or training experience useful, but not essential. This is a Part-Time position with no set schedule and no minimum hours of work guaranteed. Compliance Statement: In the performance of their functions as detailed in the position description employees have an obligation to avoid ethical, legal, financial and other conflicts of interest to ensure that their actions and outside activities do not conflict with their primary employment responsibilities at the institution. Employees are also expected to understand and be in compliance with applicable laws, University and. employment policies and regulations, including NCAA regulations for areas and departments which their essential functions cause them to interact. To obtain additional information about Temple University please visit our website at www.temple.edu. Temple University's Annual Security and Fire Safety Report contains statistics, policies, and procedures related to campus safety and can be found at: http://www.temple.edu/safety/asfr/ You may request a copy of the report by calling Temple University's Campus Safety Services at 215-204-7900.