Intrapreneurship is defined as creating from within, starting something from nothing. And it is at the heart of the people at Rightpoint. We are a values- led intrapreneurial organization. We’re driven by innovation, rooted in technology and relentlessly curious. We love the creativity involved in taking a blank screen and blinking cursor and making it something amazing. With intrapreneurship in our DNA, we’re able to move quickly to build unique, innovative customer experiences that evolve the way our clients do business. . Are you someone who wants to create change in the way business is done? Do you want to work with inspired and like-minded intrapreneurs? Us too! We take our work very seriously, but we have fun doing it. And we’re searching for passionate, talented people to join the Rightpoint team. Rightpoint is the largest independent customer experience agency with technology at our core, and 450 employees across 10 offices. We create seamless digital experiences driven by insight, strategy, technology and design - and expanded mobile innovation and emerging technologies via Raizlabs. We serves more than 250 Fortune 1,000 companies with strategy, site design and development, content, CRM, commerce, BI and cloud infrastructure. And the industry is taking notice: Crain's Chicago Fast Fifty of “Fastest Growing Companies,” 2014 - 2017 "Top 100 Workplaces in Chicago" by the Chicago Tribune, 2014-2016 EY Entrepreneur of The Year® Award, Co-founders Ross Freedman & Brad Schneider: 2015 Midwest Dual Finalists One of the "Most Promising Companies in America" by Forbes in 2014 WATCH THIS to learn more about Rightpoint and our culture: https://www.rightpoint.com/careers WATCH THIS to learn more about Rightpoint and our culture: https://www.rightpoint.com/careers Sitecore Solutions Architect- Are you a passionate, hard-working individual who loves solving technical challenges? Do you love the thrill of actively engaging clients and solving complex problems? If so then you will love working with us. We are currently seeking .NET architects to join multiple growing technology practices! The Architect / Senior Architect is responsible for owning projects big and small from a technical perspective. You have a history and background of coding, but are able to take on more senior-level responsibilities. You will work very closely with project managers, developers, and clients to ensure we bring the right solutions to our clients with high quality. Your industry experience and collaborative personality allows you to juggle projects, mentor and delegate to developers, and architect quality solutions. Day-to-day responsibilities include: Primary technical lead of one or more projects, fully owning the technical delivery of these projects Facilitate task management via sprint/iteration planning, estimating and validating tasks Mentoring developers either via projects or more broadly for professional development as a career manager Participating in business development activities such as sales pursuits with prospects, estimating new projects, and defining scope via new contracts Collaborating frequently with other disciplines such as UX, visual design, content and digital strategy, QA testing, etc. Your qualifications: 5-7+ years of relevant experience Experience with C and ASP.NET is required Front-end experience with HTML and CSS o Experience with JavaScript is a plus Proven experience "owning" projects in whole from the technical perspective Proven experience overseeing other developers on projects, e.g. facilitating code reviews, being a "go to" support/mentor, assisting with task estimation, etc. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a similar field Technology consulting and/or agency experience is a plus CMS and eCommerce experience (e.g. Sitecore, Episerver) is a plus Professional demeanor Ability and desire to interact with clients Ability to work effectively with collaborative project teams Ability to function in a fast-paced work environment Dedicated team player Excellent oral and written communication skills Excellent analytic and problem-solving skills Benefits and Perks at Rightpoint PTO + Paid Holidays Casual Dress (when in the office; when at a client site, we need to mirror their dress code) Flexible Work Schedule Great Health Coverage Medical – 3 plans to choose from! Dental Vision Life/AD &D/Short-Term & Long-Term Disability Flexible Spending (Dependent & Healthcare) Transportation/Parking Pre-Tax Benefits 401k with Company Matching Rightpoint-provided snacks and soft drinks Regular social events including volunteering, lunch outings, XBox One, golf outings, Whirlyball, and daily table tennis matches Open Office Environment Continuous Training, Certifications, and Learning Opportunities This is a full time, salaried position. For more information, visit www.rightpoint.com. Rightpoint is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, military status, or national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or applicable local law. Rightpoint is an E-Verify employer. E-Verify is an Internet-based system operated by the Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services that allows Rightpoint to verify the employment eligibility of our employees. Based on the information provided by you on your Form I-9, Rightpoint will input that information into E-Verify which will confirm your information in DHS and Social Security Administration (SSA) databases. Your continued employment with Rightpoint is contingent upon an “Employment Authorized” result for you from the E-Verify system APPLICANTS MUST BE PERMANENTLY AUTHORIZED TO WORK IN THE U.S.. WE ARE UNABLE TO OFFER SPONSORSHIP AT THIS TIME.