Within the Division of Prevention and Early Intervention (PEI), Youth and Family Programs Unit, this position will promote the PEI vision and mission through advanced (senior-level) consultative services and technical assistance work. The position will develop and provide support for the Services to At- Risk Youth (STAR) program. The program is designed to strengthen youth and their families through services such as counseling, evidence-based parent education, youth skills classes, and other family support type programming. Services are provided through a network of service providers across Texas and the position is responsible for the programmatic oversight of program sites. Oversight is provided through monitoring program implementation and progress, program monitoring and providing training and assistance in interpreting program requirements and policies. The position provides consultative services and technical assistance to service providers, other division staff, governmental agencies, community organizations, and the general public. The position also provides guidance and general communication to ensure coordination with DFPS program goals and objectives. Position is involved in program monitoring and oversight to ensure effective and efficient delivery of prevention services to youth and families and identifies areas for program improvement. Work will also involve procurement development, interpreting contract requirements, data analysis, as well as serving on internal and external workgroups. Position interacts with areas including procurement, contracted prevention service providers, community representatives and state government administrators. Position is also involved with program planning, writing policies and procedures, coordination of meetings, the annual PEI statewide conference, conducting site visits and planning and providing trainings. Works under limited supervision, with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment Essential Job Functions: Oversees the performance of contracted providers and offers support to help community-based programs meet identified goals and objectives outlined in the contract and interpret data. Oversees the completion of and monitors required performance reports and recommends appropriate changes. Oversees studies and analyses of operations and problems. Oversees the preparation of relevant reports. Consults with community program staff and provides consultative services and technical assistance in the planning and implementation of programs and services. Consults with public and private agencies involved in the program to resolve problems, identify training needs, and discuss program effectiveness. Coordinates and conducts surveys, inspections, or reviews to determine compliance with certification requirements, laws, regulations, policies, and procedures. Analyzes the application of and variations within programs and develops action plans to improve or initiate programs. Collects, organizes, analyzes, and prepares material in response to requests for program information. Determines program statistics and trends and resolves operational problems. Develops and implements effective techniques for monitoring contracted program performance. Develops program policies, procedures, standards, and manuals in accordance with program objectives and goals. Prepares administrative reports and studies and performs specialized research projects including analysis of program data. Consults and works collaboratively with other state agencies and partners in workgroups and initiatives. Provides guidance to community providers with the implementation of new methods and procedures. May prepare and evaluate program budget requests. May assist with the planning of the PEI annual conference. May participate in bill analysis related to agency youth and family programs. Performs related work as assigned Knowledge Skills Abilities: Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major course work in a field relevant to the assignment is generally preferred. Experience and education may be substituted for one another. Experience in child and family services, youth programs, community-based programs, social work, public health, public policy or other prevention programs is desired. Experience with state contracting policies or interpreting grant or policy requirements is desired. Knowledge of the implementation and planning of services such as evidence-based parent education, counseling, and/or working with at-risk children and families within community organizations, state or federal agencies is desirable. Experience with public speaking and training is desirable. Experience and an ability to take initiative and work independently. An ability to organize and present complex information and experience in developing policies, procedures, and/or procurements. An ability to think critically, creatively and be innovative to continually improve the program. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Initial Selection Criteria: Experience in child and family services, at-risk youth programs, child welfare systems, social work, public health, public policy or other related area or knowledge and coursework in program planning and development. Ability to verbally present program information to a variety of audiences. Ability to communicate in writing. Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university. Two years full-time consultative, supervisory, managerial, social service, professional or technical work which must include: • Analysis of work problems having an administrative aspect and interpretation of complex written material; or • Planning, organizing, and coordinating requirements for support services or program operations where a wide range of demands are involved, or including interpretation of complex written material or Texas Department of Family and Protective Services or other state agency/entity experience. Acceptable Substitutions: The following may be substituted on a year-for-year basis for the required education, with a maximum substitution of four years: One additional year full-time consultative, social service, professional or technical work which must include: • Analysis of work problems having an administrative aspect and interpretation of complex written material; or • Planning, organizing, and coordinating requirements for support services or program operations where a wide range of demands are involved, including interpretation of complex written material or Texas Department of Family and Protective Services experience. A Graduate degree may be substituted for the required experience, with a maximum substitution of two years. Additional Information: Req ID: 390272 MOS Code: Note: There are no direct military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.