iMentor builds mentoring relationships that empower students in low-income communities to graduate high school, succeed in college, and achieve their ambitions. Students work with their mentors one-on-one, in-person and online, to develop strong personal relationships, nurture a college aspiration, navigate the college application process, and build critical skills that lead to college success. In New York City, iMentor partners with public schools to ensure every student in the schools receives a mentor. iMentor also provides its curriculum, technology, and best practices to help nonprofits run effective programs in the iMentor model. Since 1999, iMentor has connected 13,000 students with mentors. This year, iMentor is serving 3,500 mentor- mentee pairs in New York City and 2,150 more nationwide. iMentor has been recognized through funding by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Lumina Foundation, the Michael & Susan Dell Foundation, and the Robin Hood Foundation, and is a subgrantee of the federal Social Innovation Fund. iMentor is one of the nation’s most innovative and quickly growing mentoring organizations. As a team, we are mission-focused, results-oriented, passionate and fun, and were named one of the Best Nonprofits to Work For by Opportunity Knocks and The Nonprofit Times. Responsibilities The National Screening Team is committed to making this internship a valuable learning experience. To that end we will work closely with the Screening Intern and provide the support s/he will need to fulfill the responsibilities outlined below. The Intern’s main responsibilities include: Mentor Orientation Support Inputting data on days after orientation events Contacting applicants via phone who are missing materials Scheduling and conducting mentor interviews Background and Candidate Screening Support Inputting data for candidate background checks Conducting candidate reference phone calls Reading and approving e-reference forms Data Entry and Systems Management Sync applicant information across databases to ensure data fidelity, consistency, and streamline access Update communication templates and documents Take minutes and action items at team & regional meetings Learn data sorting in Microsoft Excel and become a power user of Salesforce.com Special Projects Create and/or manage 1-2 projects and programs in volunteer screening. The internship will start in August and will last for approximately 7 weeks. Interns work about 20 hours per week and are compensated at $15/hour. Qualifications Prior office experience a must; customer service experience preferred A professional demeanor with the ability build rapport quickly with professionals of all levels Able to lead projects with minimal oversight and balance multiple competing deadlines Strong organizational and professional skills, including attention to detail and time management Interest in networking and learning about other departments within the organization to become more holistically knowledgeable about iMentor’s mission and work Be inquisitive, creative, flexible and confident Be a team player, willing and able to pitch in and help wherever help is needed Ability to demonstrate a high level of tact, discretion and diplomacy while dealing with confidential and sensitive information Resourceful, entrepreneurial, results oriented, team-player with a positive “can do” attitude and a sense of humor A sincere interest in developing professionally; open to change, learning, and improvement A sincere and deep commitment to the fundamental belief that every child deserves a college education and that college closes the opportunity gap Currently enrolled an undergraduate degree program