Overview _With world attention on both the environment and the economy, Environmental Defense Fund (EDF) is where policymakers and business leaders turn for win-win solutions. By focusing on strong science, uncommon partnerships and market- based approaches, we tackle urgent threats with practical solutions. We are one of the world’s largest environmental organizations, with more than two million members and a staff of approximately 630 scientists, economists, policy experts, and other professionals around the world. We operate in 22 geographies with unique projects running across four programs. You will be part of a vibrant workplace that welcomes diverse perspectives, talents and contributions, where innovation and results are a way of life._ Responsibilities Overall Function: The Full-Stack Developer is part of the DevOps department under IT Operations and will act as the technical lead on all external website projects in addition to internal applications where required. The candidate will be responsible for the development, and support of external websites and internal applications. As technical lead the candidate will guide, mentor and train the web team on new technologies. Key Responsibilities: Provide technical direction for the development, design, and systems integration of web sites from definition phase through implementation. Analyze functional requirements and lead selection of appropriate solutions for projects. Create Technical Specifications as needed. Provide primary development support for Environmental Defense Fund's web sites and secondary support for internal applications. Oversee the website infrastructure. Monitor performance and perform standard configuration, management, and maintenance tasks in support of web infrastructure. Implement security updates and patches, as well as resolve any issues identified by routine security audits. Manage vendor relationship with hosting services provider and other software vendors. Evaluate and provide recommendations for the selection of existing and emerging technologies that best fit web team and IT needs. Produce and maintain technical documentation and user guides. Encourage and promote innovation and the use of technology to meet and exceed business goals. Serve as liaison between application development and web teams. Qualifications: 5+ years' experience in the LAMP (Linux, Apache, PHP, MySQL) stack, with command line proficiency. 5+ years' experience building responsive websites using HTML5, CSS3 and Sass/LESS, and JavaScript/jQuery. 5+ years' experience developing Drupal applications, with experience in creating custom themes and modules for Drupal 7 and 8. Experience managing cloud infrastructure such as AWS, RackSpace and a load balanced environment. Experience with Wordpress CMS platform. Experience with Git version control, Composer, Drush and GulpJS. Knowledgeable in advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS, KnockoutJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS, DurandalJS etc. Knowledgeable in Database technologies like Redis, Oracle, PostgreSQL, and MongoDB. Knowledgeable in Web Server Technologies such as Nginx & IIS. Environmental Defense Fund is an equal opportunity employer where an applicant's qualifications are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other basis prohibited by law.