Description At Pearson, we’re committed to a world that’s always learning and to our talented team who makes it all possible. From bringing lectures vividly to life to turning textbooks into laptop lessons, we are always re-examining the way people learn best, whether it’s one child in our own backyard or an education community across the globe. We are bold thinkers and standout innovators who motivate each other to explore new frontiers in an environment that supports and inspires us to always be better. By pushing the boundaries of technology — and each other to surpass these boundaries — we create seeds of learning that become the catalyst for the world’s innovations, personal and global, large and small. The Position: As a Data Science Product Manager at Pearson, you will be responsible for designing and executing projects that help improve our digital learning products and services. This unique position combines working with customers on research problems, developing new data-centered products, and participating in data science activities. While computers have been in classrooms for decades, it is only more recently that digital curriculum has been used as the default instructional model for entire schools. As more districts move to digital-first instruction, the data from these implementations represents an emerging and important opportunity to determine what works best in the classroom and where products and implementations can be improved. We are seeking someone with experience in research and data analysis who also wants to help drive analytics-focused business initiatives to improve digital instruction. What you’ll do: \+ Manage the development, roll-out, and support of our learning analytics products and services \+ Lead our data partnership efforts in recruiting and working select districts to explore research questions related to digital learning \+ Coordinate data partnership efforts with key customer-facing roles in sales and services \+ Develop and execute internal programs that seek to increase skills and commitment to data-driven decision making \+ Work with internal teams (like product management and services) on an ongoing basis to define and execute analyses that contribute to building better and more effective digital products \+ Work with the Realize Reports Service product manager to develop new customer-focused reports and functionality \+ Work with strategic customers and the sales teams to drive analyses and projects focused on developing new insights through learning analytics Where you’ll do it: This position is located in Chandler, Arizona. Qualifications What you’ll need to qualify: \+ 5 or more years of experience managing complex projects, products, research, engagements, or technologies. \+ Experience and/or interest in working on applied research problems in K-12 classrooms. \+ BS in computer science, statistics, or other major that included analytical or technical training required. \+ Quantitative or technical master’s or PhD degree desirable, but will consider other degrees with appropriate experience. \+ Experience with data analysis, data mining, or analytical research. \+ Good communication skills and desire to work with and lead cross-functional teams working on learning analytics problems. \+ Familiarity and desire to use scientific approaches to create new knowledge in the domain of digital learning and classroom implementations. \+ Ability to manage multiple overlapping projects and customer engagements. \+ Analytical mindset and scientific approach to problem solving. \+ Familiarity and/or desire to expand skills using data science tools like R, SQL, and other statistical and analysis software. LI-JDM Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Primary Location: US-AZ-Chandler Work Locations: US-AZ-Chandler-3075 West Ray 3075 W Ray Rd Park at San Tan Chandler 85226 Job: Product Management Organization: North America Employee Status: Regular Employee Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job Job Posting: Aug 3, 2018 Job Unposting: Ongoing Schedule: Full-time Regular Req ID: 1811285 Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled