Address: | 3900 Lakebreeze Ave N , Brooklyn Center, Minnesota 55429 | At Coffee & Bagel Brands, our team has a common set of values that we call our Purpose & Heart. These are the behaviors that guide how we work, how we treat each other and how we treat our guests. Our goal is to create Bright Spots for each other and our guests every day. A Bright Spot is all about making someone’s day and putting a smile on their face! Coffee & Bagels Brands is Caribou Coffee, Einstein Bros. Bagels, Noah’s New York Bagels, Bruegger’s Bagels and Manhattan Bagel. We are your friendly neighborhood gathering place for good conversation and great food. Position Mission: As an Employee Relations Consultant you will be responsible to consult, coach and address, in partnership with leaders, a wide variety of employee relations issues involving support center, production and field-based team members. Additionally, this role also has primary accountability to investigate and resolve Code of Conduct concerns. This role is results driven and requires the ability to manage a varied caseload while ensuring legal compliance, and managing risk. The role will maximize your consulting and influencing skills to coach leaders and team members and influence high quality decisions that support company culture, policies and processes and municipal, state and federal employment regulations. Responsibilities Include, but are not limited to: Consults with functional/leadership partners and provides coaching/recommendations for appropriate issue resolution. Consults with HR Business Partners, business leaders, team members and stakeholders regarding concerns/issues to ensure compliance with laws, regulations and company culture/policy. Leverages advanced investigative skills to conduct investigations of concerns related to adherence to Code of Conduct, employment policies and federal and state regulations. Develops and maintains knowledge of new or updated statutory/regulatory requirements and collaborates with stakeholders to ensure compliance and to develop programs and resources that support compliance and ensure timely implementation. Identifies, analyzes ER trends/themes and partners as a SME to provide data for decision-making and prevention as well as to create and drive training and support developmental opportunities. Contributes to the development, analysis, and coordination of ER initiatives that encourage employee retention, job satisfaction, and positive morale and that support a professional and respectful culture. Seeks out and understand external trends and best practices; bring new ideas to the ER team to drive continuous improvement for ER accountabilities. Performs special projects and other duties as assigned. Required Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: Highly motivated, self-directed team player with a strong drive for practical results. Proactive thought leader with exceptional influencing, collaboration, consulting and coaching skills. Proven track record of successfully managing multiple priorities in a fast paced work environment. Ability to manage risk while ensuring optimal business value and outcomes are achieved. Demonstrates a sense of commitment to work and willingly assumes responsibility for accomplishing objectives; is dependable, and conscientiously follows through on commitments. The ability to handle information with sensitivity and confidentiality. Detail oriented with strong organizational skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Proficiency with computers, including MS Office and Internet applications Education/Training/Experience: Required: Bachelors’ Degree in Human Resources or related field is preferred; will consider strong and directly-related experience in lieu of educational requirements Minimum of 8 years Human Resources experience with: 5 or more year experience directly advising others on ER issues and/or Human Resources Management experience with 2 or more years’ experience directly advising other on ER issues Working knowledge of federal and employment laws (Title VII, ADEA, ADAAA, FMLA, etc.) Preferred: Masters Degree in HR Management or a related field PHR/SPHR Certification(s) Physical Demands: The physical demands for this position are sits, stands, bends, lifts, and moves intermittently during working hours. These physical requirements may be accomplished with or without reasonable accommodation. Brand: Coffee & Bagel Brands The physical demands for this position are sits, stands, bends, lifts, and moves intermittently during working hours. These physical requirements may be accomplished with or without reasonable accommodations. The duties of this position may change from time to time. Coffee & Bagel Brands reserve the right to add or delete duties and responsibilities at the discretion of the company or its managers. This job description is intended to describe the general level of work being performed. It is not intended to be all-inclusive. Coffee & Bagel Brands are committed to providing equal employment opportunity and equal treatment in employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, gender/gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, military status or any other basis in protected by applicable federal, state and local law. Coffee & Bagel Brands makes employment decisions based solely on the basis of qualifications for the job.