Our mission is to Ideate, Evaluate and Evangelize cost-effective Infrastructure capabilities in a hybrid environment utilizing internal and external services to improve Time-to-Market (TTM) for Box's products, features and functions. We need to architect infrastructure that is highly available, secure, flexible and global - and ensure long term technology decisions that will enable our infrastructure to deliver on business objectives. As an Enterprise Network Architect, you will provide technical leadership, drive innovation - and apply industry best standards, reference architectures, frameworks and patterns to solve complex cloud problems and design Data Center Infrastructure Architecture. If you are passionate about working on technologies and design approaches that are disruptive to incumbent Enterprise players, leveraging Open Source, tooling, automation, and agile concepts at a hyper-scale company, we have just the job for you. Why the team needs you \---------------------- Join an elite team of Infrastructure and Dev Architects, Capacity & Performance Engineers, Data Scientists, Hardware Engineers, and Operations professionals with alums from top tech companies (Ebay, Twitter, Andreessen Horowitz, McKinsey, etc) solving challenging infrastructure scalability and efficiency issues for one of the fastest growing Enterprise companies. Box is increasing our adoption of Public Cloud technologies quickly, and our team is moving even faster to build the capability to operate a Hybrid Cloud efficiently and at scale. We move quickly, identify and solve ambiguous problems, and have fun doing it! Why Box needs you \----------------- Box is growing fast. Real fast. Every business in the world is looking to modernize the way that they work. As the leader in cloud content management, Box is the only company that can help enterprises transform how people work together. We are quickly increasing our adoption of cutting edge Cloud technologies, with an increasingly complex set of technical and commercial conditions to optimize. That's where you come in. Why you need Box \---------------- You're going to have the unique opportunity to architect, build, design and solve challenging infrastructure, application performance, and scalability issues for one of the fastest growing Enterprise companies. At Box we are proud to serve over 85,000 businesses, including 65% of the Fortune 500. Who you are \----------- You are someone who has track record of anticipating and proactively addressing the company's / functional domain's top business and technical needs You like solving complex, ambiguous company-level problems effectively with ability to develop strategy and influence and guide execution across Engineering. You are someone who likes to lead technical decision-making and guide execution through thought leadership and productive collaboration. You are someone who can anticipate future company needs and contributes to technical vision to realize them You have experience providing technical leadership to Operations infrastructure You have worked to apply appropriate industry patterns and standards to solve Data Center Infrastructure challenges You bring a strong foundation from a networking and systems engineering background and have a track record of wielding tools from both domains to create scalable, maintainable solutions for a maturing organization You collaborated with broader architecture and dev and ops functional teams to drive standards around our Systems, Network and Storage layers You have strong experience with large scale Infrastructure, distributed systems, and application performance You engage with application and system engineers early to incorporate network solutions into designs - anticipating how to avoid roadblocks in the future You can develop and maintain strategic relationships with network partners for peering and private connectivity You thrive working in a fast-paced, hyper-growth, highly ambiguous environment where you can provide clarity and direction in the form of Reference Architectures, Frameworks, Design patterns You have an MS with 5 years or BS with 10+ years of experience in infrastructure and technology You are someone comfortable with communicating from fresh grads to our executive staff