About the team Join the Product Management & Business Operations team focused on growing Zillow Offers. Our team is relentlessly focused on improving the home selling and buying process. Our mission is to make home selling and buying quick, reliable, and easy. Our team is at the center of Zillow’s efforts to build groundbreaking products that will be the future of home selling. About the role You will be a key member of the product management organization that develops strategy and vision for Zillow Offers. We are looking for a rock-star Business Operations Analyst to study our organizational workflows, processes and metrics to recommend and implement changes in order to increase consumers and professionals' conversion. You will use your strong analytical skills to answer questions to improve business processes and drive efficiencies, and will use that knowledge to develop and advise on new projects. The Business Operations Analyst will also research and compare multiple avenues of workflows, assist on all department analysis, and conduct internal data audits. If you're looking for an opportunity to empower consumers and make a direct impact to reshape the real estate industry, we'd love to hear from you! This position will give you the opportunity to: Uncover insights from consumer behaviors and professionals' patterns Recommend strategies and develop new procedures and products Support implementation of tests processes, policies, and protocols Perform operations analysis for all technologies and projects. Identify deficiencies and areas for improvement and redesign Apply statistical analysis, simulations, and predictive modeling to analyze current procedures Compare processes with industry standards and best practices Research market and industry trends and patterns Own reporting of consumers and professionals' engagement and conversion. Present and explain metrics to executives and other team members Work in collaboration with group managers to understand and improve our day-to-day customer-facing operations Who you are Bachelor's degree Minimum of 4-5 years of experience in the areas of finance, business management, consulting and/or sales operations Strong analytical skills, including moderate/advanced Excel & SQL. Great at creating and analyzing business information, creating dashboards, tracking key business metrics and translating results into actionable deliverables, messages, and presentations Strong attention to detail and excellent problem solving skills Strong verbal/written communication and data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams Business process mapping skills and ability to optimize for operational efficiencies Superior organizational and time management skills; Ability to prioritize workload and manage multiple projects and tasks Get to know us Zillow is the leading real estate and rental marketplace dedicated to empowering consumers with data, inspiration and knowledge around the place they call home, and connecting them with the best local professionals who can help. Zillow is part of Zillow Group, whose mission is to build the largest, most trusted and vibrant home-related marketplace in the world. Zillow Group is owned, fueled and grown by innovators who help people make better, smarter decisions around all things home. We encourage one another at every level, and our efforts are supported by employee-driven, world-class benefits that enable us to enjoy our lives outside the office while building fulfilling careers that impact millions of individuals every day. _Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know._