Innovate to solve the world's most important challenges General: The Digital Marketing Solutions Architect will be responsible for the design, architecture, implementation and integration of digital marketing solutions as part of Homes digital marketing technology roadmap. Responsibilities: Defines architectural foundation for marketing technologies including enterprise Content Management, Digital Asset Management, and Product Information Management Systems Partners with IT and external vendors in scoping, architecting and implementing scalable and efficient solutions which provide desired functionality and deliver intended user experience Defines the principles, guidelines, standards and solution patterns to ensure solution decisions are aligned with the enterprise's future-state architecture vision in collaboration with functional, development, production, vendors and other relevant stakeholders. Delivers solution architecture blueprints and relevant deliverables as required. Provide governance support ensuring solutions architecture assurance and compliance. 25 Defines architectural foundation 25 Defines the principles, guidelines, standards and solution patterns 25 Provide governance support 25 Delivers solution architecture blueprints YOU MUST HAVE: Bachelor’s degree required, Minimum 7 years of experience in Sitecore and SharePoint based websites/portal design & architecture in large enterprises. Experience architecting and integrating PIM/PLM/PDM, DAM solutions Architecture experience with digital cloud-based front-ends (mobile applications, websites and portals, workplace and intranet) Experience in analyzing and interpreting consumer behavior related to an interactive digital experience to architect UI/UX. Strong Application Architecture background demonstrated through a proven track record o Influencing and creating architecture standards i.e. solution, data and interfaces involving diverse enterprise technologies. Demonstrated problem solving and project management skills WE VALUE: Master’s degree or MBA preferred Exempt How Honeywell is Connecting the World INCLUDES Remote Access Required Relocation Provided Continued Professional Development ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Job ID: req145779 Category: Marketing Location: 1985 Douglas Drive North, Golden Valley, MN 55422 USA Honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.