OVERVIEW This important Learning & Development role will provide instructional design and development expertise in support of the Operations Team. The successful candidate will need to effectively partner with business leaders to promote the Mission and Core Values of Pacific Catch. With growth on the horizon the company is focused on producing, supporting and implementing programs to strengthen our brand and culture. Finally, this position will work very closely with the restaurant management and human resources team to support restaurant operations on a regular basis. REPORTS TO Human Resources Director SCHEDULE This is a full-time, salaried exempt position. The typical workweek will be Monday through Friday, between the hours of 8:30 am and 6:30 pm, with expected hours between 40-50 hours/week. Some nights and weekends are required. REQUIRED ATTRIBUTES Passionate about helping and serving others, with a strong sense of empathy and humility Resourceful, solution oriented and self-directed Strong written and verbal communication and a professional demeanor You thrive in an entrepreneurial, fast-paced environment with little direction Excited to be an integral part of a rapidly growing company Outstanding work ethic Systems and process oriented Able to manage a heavy workload, prioritize well and meet deadlines Passionate about food, eating out and the hospitality industry RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE LEARNING & DEVEOPMENT MANAGER This position is highly visible, will have a critical impact on our culture and employee experience, and has the privilege to drive end-to-end strategy and execution across a wide variety of critical talent development functions. Manage all aspects of the training lifecycle, to include training needs assessments, development of new training programs, evaluations, marketing and communications of programs, budget and resource management, reporting and updating of development profiles and material. Curate knowledge from subject matter experts and create learning courses and collateral for internal and external stakeholders. Determine appropriate curriculum for professional development that addresses performance gaps or skills needed to develop and grow within Pacific Catch Develop, design and implement inspiring and innovative training and development experiences for our Team Members that are scalable. Clear understanding of adult learning theory, principles of communication and training delivery methods. Intellectual curiosity, a deep growth mindset, and the desire to constantly improve Excellent facilitation and communications skills across all levels Strong leadership skills and experience managing cross-functional relationships and priorities Create and manage the learning management system for Pacific Catch. Integrate learning success measures into our business model and leverage insights for continuous improvements and support of our business KPIs. Design innovative and engaging learning solutions that can be delivered in person, virtual and that Team Members can access on demand. Develop solutions to increase team effectiveness and Guest impact REQUIRED EXPERIENCE AND SKILL SET 3 - 5+ years’ experience in the design, development and implementation of curriculum development, talent management programs. Direct experience in the L&D function is critical to be considered for this role. Strong analytical skills and comfort analyzing data and creating comprehensive models, reports, metrics, and recommendations to stakeholders Excellent written and verbal communications skills Strong attention to detail and ability to prioritize and work well in an environment with competing demands and a demonstrated ability to work independently and within a team Ability to research, interpret and communicate complex policies and employment related laws Experience with HRIS database administration Advanced computer skills Advanced writing, copywriting, editing and formatting skills, including an eye for good design and aesthetics