Organizes all City of Dallas efforts in the 2020 Census; develops program material, prepares for departmental meetings and schedules monthly meetings, collects and reviews presentations, organizes Census projects, collaborates with City Council offices and external partners, and ensures compliance with City procedures and ordinances. Essential Functions Assists in the development of all activities regarding the 2020 Census. Maintains contact and coordinates services and activities with the Census Bureau, private and non-profit organizations, associations, volunteers, and citizen groups. Composes public information material to promote current, on-going and upcoming events, as well as monitors outgoing media, website and social media material. Plans and coordinates monthly Complete Count Committee meetings, coordinates support staff to ensure the success of the meetings, and ensures all meetings, activities, and projects are in compliance with established laws, policies, and procedures specifically the Texas Public Information Act, City Charter and City Code, City ordinances, and City policies on program issues for City Boards. Coordinates consistent communication with City Council, other city departments, and internal staff in regard to meeting, activities, and projects. Oversees, updates, and monitors a budget allocation for 2020 Census. Assists the External Relations Department in partnership with external entities as needed. Regular, reliable and punctual attendance is an essential function of the job. Any other duties as required by the department Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's degree in business, education, social science or life science fields plus two years experience in one or more of the following areas: budgeting; revenue collections; payroll systems/administration; customer service requests/response; records management; program management, development or evaluation/audit; research and/or development of policies/procedures. Effective oral and written communication skills plus MSOffice or similar software skills are required. Must have ability to organize information and coordinate events/timelines and direct others. A six-year combination of specified education and experience will qualify. Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Knowledge of customer service techniques to resolve problems and issues. May require knowledge of personnel management practices. Ability to plan and organize operations and events to meet assigned goals. Ability to develop operational procedures, work schedules, and presentations. Ability to analyze operational and program statistics to assess effectiveness. Ability to establish and maintain an effective working relationship with all levels of management, city officials, vendors, and other government agencies, other employees and the general public. Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing with a wide variety of people. Other abilities and skills as specified for the individual coordinator position. Certification, Registration, or Licensure May be required to be certified, registered, or licensed in a specialty area. Working Conditions and Hazards: Work performed under normal office conditions.