This individual level contributor is primarily responsible for serving as a liaison between users and IT and working directly with the business functions to gather user requirements. Essential Responsibilities: Completes work assignments by applying up-to-date knowledge in subject area to meet deadlines; following procedures and policies, and applying data and resources to support projects or initiatives; collaborating with others, often cross-functionally, to solve business problems; supporting the completion of priorities, deadlines, and expectations; communicating progress and information; identifying and recommending ways to address improvement opportunities when possible; and escalating issues or risks as appropriate. Pursues self-development and effective relationships with others by sharing resources, information, and knowledge with coworkers and customers; listening, responding to, and seeking performance feedback; acknowledging strengths and weaknesses; assessing and responding to the needs of others; and adapting to and learning from change, difficulties, and feedback. Develops requirements for process or system solutions within assigned business domain(s) by working with stakeholders and appropriate IT teams (for example, Solutions Delivery, Infrastructure, Enterprise Architecture) with consultation from more senior IT consultants. Develops an understanding of and executes requirements gathering methodologies to identify business, functional, and non-functional requirements (for example, SMART) within designated business domain. Assists with the documentation of business cases. Builds an up to date understanding of how current processes impact business operations for assigned domain(s). Assists with the mapping of current state against future state processes. Researches and identifies the impact of requirements on upstream and downstream solution components with guidance from more senior consultants as appropriate. Identifies the key elements and integration points across current systems and business processes for assigned domain(s). Researches value gaps and opportunities for process enhancements or efficiencies. Assists with researching how to help translate requirements into workable business solutions. Documents the evaluation of third-party vendors as directed. Researches and identifies opportunities for regional and/or national process improvements which align with sustainable best practices, and the strategic and tactical goals of the business. Identifies needs for additional data and/or services to address key business issues related to process or solutions design. Supports continuous process improvement by participating in the development, implementation, and maintenance of standardized tools, templates, and processes for assigned business domain.