Join us on our exciting journey! IQVIA™ is The Human Data Science Company™, focused on using data and science to help healthcare clients find better solutions for their patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness advances in healthcare information, technology, analytics and human ingenuity to drive healthcare forward. The Analytics Center of Excellence Our new Analytics Center of Excellence (Analytics COE) harnesses our global healthcare insights, working closely with our clinical and therapeutic experts to power evidence-driven design, speed site activation and recruit the right patients, faster. This is a new unit within our business, integrated within Clinical Operations. We’re using big data and advanced analytics to derive insights that transform clinical development and bring new medicines to patients faster through successful trial delivery. This multi-functional team is an innovation for our business, requiring entrepreneurial and independent thinking to build our capability. Unique and with a global view, this Center of Excellence is a chance to revolutionize the clinical research industry. Machine Learning Engineer – the role This is a new role designed for a new and unexplored environment. Optimizing machine learning and deep learning algorithms, you will have petabytes of data, state of the art hardware such as massive distributed clusters and GPUs, and professional support to develop ways to design complex and efficient models. Clinical development is an untapped domain space for modern data science so this position offers an opportunity to make a large impact on the industry. You will be working with a small group of advanced machine learning researchers and while collaboration will be essential, there is a great deal of autonomy and home working may also be an option. Your typical activities might include: Primary resource for internal distributed machine learning software questions from the machine learning team. Implementing deep learning, machine learning, and data mining algorithms on distributed platforms. Automating machine learning algorithms within the production environment. Designing new algorithms to find predictive patterns that combine heterogeneous data assets. Working with electronic medical records, healthcare claims, clinical trial data, and unstructured text data. Working with technology teams to support machine-learning algorithms in big data platforms. Supporting customized projects by designing and implementing algorithms and statistical models on related datasets. Qualifications: Our ideal candidate will have: A Masters’ degree with several years’ experience or a PhD in software engineering or related field. An in-depth understanding of machine learning algorithms and modeling. In depth experience with Spark/Hadoop and either Theano/Tensorflow/Caffe/Torch. Experience in Python and R. Experience creating production environment data analytics and applications. We know that meaningful results require not only the right approach but also the right people. Regardless of your role, we invite you to reimagine healthcare with us. You will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward and Whatever your career goals, we are here to ensure you get there! We invite you to join IQVIA™.