As an Administrative Business Partner, you're at the heart of your team's business operations and activities and the soul that keeps your team moving forward. You anticipate the needs of your managers and team members and help them stay focused on their projects by resolving operational and administrative issues before they arise. You move quickly with the changing environment and are up to date with the latest Google products and services. You also use that knowledge to strategically support your team's projects. In addition to being organized and analytical, you possess the strong business judgment and communication skills needed to interact with a variety of people and job functions. This role is an exciting opportunity in a growing new Alphabet Bet to support the six executives of the Chronicle Senior Leadership Team. Born from X, Alphabet's moonshot factory, Chronicle is advancing cybersecurity for enterprises of all sizes. We are dedicated to helping companies find and stop cyber attacks before they cause harm. We work with the entire security industry to give good the advantage in the fight against cybercrime. Joining experts in large-scale cloud computing, big data, machine learning, and cybersecurity, you'll help build out the next generation of security intelligence solutions. Responsibilities Perform an extensive array of administrative tasks (manage calendars, book travel, and schedule facilities and equipment). Coordinate duties for multiple offices. Build efficiency and effective responsiveness into existing operations, and help define new operational strategies. Serve as a technical lead for and manager of small projects. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of direct executive support experience. Preferred qualifications: Experience serving as a project lead from conception to completion. Comprehensive knowledge of process, project and program management theory and practices - and the ability to apply them when solving operational issues. Expectation of complete confidentiality on all business matters. Ability to quickly learn new tools and technologies; Interest and experience in using technology and the Internet to improve work efficiency. Ability to effectively communicate and collaborate with a diverse range of people and job functions. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.