The Supply Operations Distribution Center located in Phoenix, Arizona, has an opening for a Warehouse Supervisor l. Qualifications: • High School graduate, 4 year college degree in Logistics, Business, or related field preferred. • 3-5 years experience in warehousing. • 2-4 years previous supervisory experience in warehousing or buying preferred. Understanding of warehouse regulations regarding quality and safety. • Excellent organizational skills with a high degree of initiative and flexibility. • Good analytical and problem solving skills. • Considerable initiative and frequent analysis necessary in daily work, including analysis of business KPI’s. Excellent customer service skills with both internal and external customers. • Proven ability to define performance measures related to the business and hold associates accountable for the same. • Ability to analyze cost performance data to improve operations and reduce costs. • Strong interpersonal, communication, and team building skills. Must possess the following traits: proactive, risk taker, change agent and strong sense of courage. • Must be comfortable at giving and receiving open feedback. • Able to supervise a medium size group of warehouse employees. • Working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, Access and PowerPoint. Willingness to work evenings, night shifts, weekends and holidays. Key Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: • Plan warehouse work operations in accordance with shipments, received, store orders, perishability, and stock rotation requirements. • Plan items to bring into the warehouse jointly with procurement and retail. • Run EXE warehouse management system, and COM system adjustments for store orders. Schedule and assign warehouse crew and equipment to meet schedules to handle daily volume efficiently. • Supervise warehouse crews. • Make recommendations to procurement, retail and distribution on business processes. • Contact stores weekly to confirm orders and service level. Prepare order guides for stores, create distributions. • Supervise truck loading, order selecting and receiving. • Responsible for warehouse inventories and compliance with SOX receiving requirements. • Careful control of warehouse inventory levels and space to ensure smooth operations, including daily slot reviews. Ensure adherence to Safeway policies, procedures and practices. • Take inventories as required. Report and clear indications of “out of stock” or “overstocked” conditions developing. • Administrative duties as related to warehouse functions. Design, monitor, and maintain a safe working environment through compliance of safety programs. • Supervise minor maintenance and sanitation as needed. • Maintain a high level of customer service for retail and public customers. • Cultivate a positive and innovative work environment. Strive for fast continuous systematic planned improvement.