The UCSF Liver Center seeks a Data Scientist who can provide independent bioinformatics expertise to a variety of research projects focusing on liver biology, liver diseases and the care and outcomes of patients suffering from liver diseases. Competitive candidates will be experienced and independent, have broad methodological expertise, and have the organization and temperament to set up a bioinformatics core serving a diverse clientele of basic scientists and clinicians. Duties will include bioinformatics analyses of high-throughput data (transcriptomic, proteomic, metagenomic) using existing pipelines, or adapting existing methods or designing new ones as necessary. Additional duties may involve the development of diagnostic or prognostic algorithms from panels of clinical data. The Data Scientist will be expected to write code to process complex high-throughput data sets and generate tabular and graphic reports for dissemination of experimental results. S/he will consult with clients in the design phase of experiments to ensure generation of high-quality, statistically robust results. S/he will also train less experienced clients in various aspects of data analysis upon request. The Data Scientist will be charged with maintaining the computational infrastructure of the new core service and tracking the workflow for multiple studies, including transient data storage. S/he will assist users with depositing and retrieving data sets from public and proprietary databases. With help from faculty supervisors, the Data Scientist will establish a business model for the core and set priorities for serving multiple clients. S/he will also contribute to Liver Center-sponsored enrichment events to provide overviews of core capabilities, answer questions about bioinformatics, and assess the training and analytical needs of Center members. The location for this position is Parnassus or TBD. DEPARTMENT OF MEDICINE – GASTROENTEROLOGY The UCSF Liver Center (http://livercenter.ucsf.edu) is a consortium of over 60 physicians and scientists whose research focuses on liver biology and disease. Research in the Liver Center spans from bench to bedside and covers acute and chronic liver injury, liver fibrosis and liver cancer. The Liver Center currently operates three core facilities designed to accelerate the research progress of its members. The hub of the Center will soon be consolidating at the Parnassus campus. ABOUT UCSF The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences.