Company Overview The Center for Excellence in Higher Education (CEHE) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah. CEHE operates degree- granting career colleges throughout the western United States and online. The college brands include Stevens-Henager Colleges in Utah and Idaho; CollegeAmerica in Colorado, Arizona, and Wyoming; California College San Diego, and Independence University (online platform). All of the colleges are accredited by ACCSC, a national accrediting body recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. The colleges offer degree programs from the Associate’s level through the Master’s level in a variety of disciplines including Computer Science, Graphic Arts, Business/Accounting, Medical Specialties, Nursing, and Healthcare. CEHE is an at-will employer. Admissions Consultant THIS IS A CONSULTATIVE SALES POSITION The Admissions Consultant is the first point of contact and first impression prospective students will have of our College. This person needs to have a desire to help make a difference in people’s lives. Admissions Consultants will take incoming calls, and make outbound calls to/from prospective students. The Admissions Consultant plays a vital role in advising and assisting students with the pursuance of their educational goals. It is the Consultants responsibility to accurately assess and educate prospective students on our college, and its requirements. The goal is to recommend students for acceptance and enroll them into their chosen career field. Adherence to company policies and procedures is a must, and is crucial to follow the sales script and presentation at all times. Essential Functions: Meeting monthly/weekly goals Obtaining monthly referrals Follow-up on all leads and questions using the follow-up process Maintain honesty and professionalism Provide outstanding service and assistance to all prospective students Ensure zero error rate in data gathering and entry Maintain database in an organized, error-free manner Must be able to lift 15 lbs. Other duties as assigned Qualifications: No job hoppers (must not have more than three jobs within the past five years) Positive attitude is a must Professional level of written and oral communication Effective negotiation and motivation techniques Ability to be persuasive and influential Accurately utilize large database Manage time effectively Sales and recruiting experience Able to work evenings and some weekends Convey enthusiasm with sincerity and consistency Strong customer service and communication skills, both written and verbal Degree preferred or 4 years comparable experience in sales. Working from Home Requirements: Dedicated space/office must be free from distractions and background noise (personal calls, visitors, pets, TV, children, etc.) Must adhere to set schedule Continuous/active communication with managers and co-workers Must have the following resources at home: Dedicated office space that can accommodate dual monitors, computer, and VPN device A hard wired (from the computer to the internet router/modem) High speed internet with: A minimum of 6 Mbps download speed and 1.5 upload speed Latency/Ping must be @ 40-45ms or lower Depending on the availability; Cable, DSL, Fiber are only supported ISP provider services (candidates must provide Internet Service Provider Name and the test results before hire) Satellite, Hot Spot and any other unreliable services are not supported by CEHE; Wireless connection is also not supported Benefits: Business Casual Dress code Paid vacation, time off/sick pay and Holidays Friendly, team environment Educational Benefits Measures of Merit: TBD by supervisor within 90 days of hire. Disclaimer: This specification is intended to indicate management’s designation of the position’s essential functions, which include the kinds of tasks and levels of work difficulty that will be required of positions given this title, and shall not be construed as declaring the entire description of specific duties and responsibilities of any particular positions. It is not intended to limit, or in any way modify, the right of any supervisor to assign, direct, and control the work of employees under his/her supervision. The use of a particular expression or illustration describing such duties shall not be held to exclude other duties not mentioned. All positions, unless otherwise noted in an offer letter, are 40-hour a week positions, and regular and predictable job attendance is a requirement for all positions. Ability to competently perform all essential duties of the position, with or without reasonable accommodation; a demonstrated commitment to effective customer service delivery; and the ability to work productively as a member of a team or workgroup are basic requirements of all positions at CEHE. This job description is subject to change at any time. Company Culture We are People-Focused - We respect the intelligence and potential of each staff member. We provide a working environment that permits freedom to think, speak, disagree, innovate, create, and initiate. We value and admire ambitious and productive people, and we protect them, encourage them, and create a climate in which they flourish. We love, recognize, and reward producers and performers. In return, we require our employees to have a strong work ethic and be productive. We recruit broadly and select the highest caliber people available - ambitious, knowledgeable, and talented managers, instructors, admissions consultants, and administrators. Sound Values and Virtues - The ethical conduct of our employees is of supreme importance. We hold the following as values and virtues: rationality, purpose, innovation, productiveness, profit, honesty, integrity, justice, and pride. These values are the core of our ethical code. To be ethical means to apply, to work by, and to live by these values and virtues. CREDO - We are dedicated to helping our students graduate and get a much better job sooner. This is our mission. We pledge to provide the finest career education possible and to graduate satisfied students who have greater knowledge, skills, and self-esteem in the shortest possible time. Our education is high value, clear, and interesting and achieves the highest level of learning and achievement for students. We want to deliver twice as much in half the time. CEHE is a drug-free environment and we perform drug testing. Equal Opportunity Employer - We are an equal opportunity employer. No employee, or applicant for employment, shall be discriminated against in any term or condition of employment because of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, or sexual orientation. We are constantly striving to make our colleges the best they can be. As an employee, you become part of that mission. We expect a commitment that you will be the best you can be. I have reviewed the above job description, which sets out the essential job functions of my position, and certify that I can perform all the essential functions with or without an accommodation. If I need an accommodation to perform the essential functions of my job due to a physical or mental impairment, I agree to notify my manager immediately and agree to cooperate with the Company to identify reasonable accommodations that will allow me to perform the essential functions of my job in a satisfactory manner. I further agree to contact Human Resources if I am concerned that the interactive process or the offered accommodations do not adequately address my needs.