Who we are: We are a community of Machine Learning Researchers and Engineers, working to improve Twitter through applications of ML in product areas such as recommendations, safety, abuse, ads. We operate at scale whilst ensuring fair and ethical use of our models and data. We work as a team of specialists embedded within product teams, looking to apply the expertise of the individuals, and working with product teams to improve our products and unlock new capabilities. What you will do: Apply your research and engineering skills to either improve existing solutions, unlock new directions or provide entirely new solutions within Twitter. You will work closely with live production systems and product teams, and learn to deliver ML solutions at scale within the Twitter tech stack, whilst encouraging best practices for ML across the company. Who you are: You are interested in a range of applications of ML which could stem from media understanding to recommendation systems. You are passionate about the way we develop state-of-the-art technologies, how we apply them to products, and enjoy the challenge of overcoming real-world constraints. You keep up to date with the latest developments in the field and look for ways to apply them to your current work/role. Requirements: Masters’ or PhD in a Computer Science or Machine Learning related degree; or equivalent work experience in the field Good theoretical grounding in core Machine Learning concepts and techniques Ability to perform literature reviews and provide feedback on state-of-the-art solutions and how they may fit to different operating constraints Practitioner of modern software development practices - e.g. TDD, CI, source control Experienced with modern ML techniques - particularly deep learning models and architectures - such as CNNs, RNNs, LSTMs 1+ years experience with one or more DL software frameworks such as Tensorflow, PyTorch Nice to haves: Experience with large-scale systems and data, e.g. Hadoop, distributed systems Experience with one or more of the following: Approximate / k Nearest Neighbour theory, algorithms and frameworks Recommender Systems Model optimisation and parameter selection Online Learning Reinforcement Learning Publications in top conferences such as ICLR, NIPS, ICML, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, etc Equal Opportunity Statement We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status.