At Google, data drives all of our decision-making, and our Staffing and Operations organization is no exception. As the Strategy, Planning, & Analysis (SP&A;) Infrastructure Manager, you’ll ensure that Google’s Staffing and Operations organization has a robust, scalable platform to find the right data and derive insights to help leaders make better decisions about hiring. You and your team will work closely with SP&A; Analysts, as well as a variety of stakeholders (Staffing Leads, People Ops Business Intelligence, Process Design and Technology, and others). You’ll ensure that Staffers and PA Leadership have the data they need, presented in a useful and meaningful way, to be well-informed and able to make thoughtful, data-driven decisions. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Lead and drive Staffing’s reporting infrastructure. Define long term roadmap and criteria for prioritization. Create and manage intake process for new projects. Make high level trade-offs on requirements, and select tools for reporting platforms. Manage, coach and develop Infrastructure Pod analysts, and bring them to the next level of capability in data analytics and reporting design. Partner with key stakeholders across POps (Staffing Leads, POps BI, CorpEng) to ensure the right data is gathered and optimally structured to enable reporting, dashboards, and data analysis. Ensure proper data security is in place for all SP&A; reporting. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Economics, Statistics, Finance, Social Science, Psychology, Data Science or other fields that use quantitative analysis, or equivalent practical experience. Experience collaborating on projects involving multiple teams, managing an ongoing relationship with client and presenting to audiences. Experience identifying problems, using a quantitative or qualitative approach to answer questions or create solutions, and manipulating data (e.g. check for data issues, clean, merge). Experience with SQL, and experience working with multiple data sources and combining relevant information to generate insights from analyses, creating effective reporting solutions (e.g. dashboards, tables, metrics). Preferred qualifications: Experience forming testable statements generated from inductive reasoning that can be verified via statistical and analytical means. Experience using data visualization (e.g. tables, charts, graphs) to represent analyses to an executive audience. Experience with Python or R programming languages. Leadership experience, with a proven ability to inspire followership across all levels of the organization, and track record of consulting senior leaders. Ability to think big and holistically with a bias to action and experience with dealing with ambiguity. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.