Palo Alto Networks® is the fastest-growing security company in history. We foster a culture of innovation, authenticity, and collaboration. This focus helps to advance our mission of protecting our way of life in the digital age. Our people make this possible. It’s in our everyday interactions, how we work together and treat each other, that sets Palo Alto Networks apart from other organizations. If you are a motivated, intelligent, creative, and hardworking individual, then this job is for you! Description: Palo Alto Networks provides threat intelligence cloud services to our customers. As a Software Engineer in Test for our cloud services, you will be responsible for testing different components of the system for gathering/ingesting data from multiple heterogeneous sources and processing data for reporting/analytics. This work would involve working with our research teams including data scientists to derive intelligence from our data. Responsibilities: Responsible for functional testing of Palo Alto Networks’ cloud logging services offering Develop and execute test plans and test cases Develop tools and infrastructure to improve the quality and efficiency of testing Work closely with the Software Engineering, Product Management teams during product development from design to release Reproduce and debug issues found during and after a software release Qualifications : Developing-level of experience in a QA position. Fast learner and eager to absorb new emerging technologies Experience with scripting and/or programming Experience working with data visualization products Experience in analyzing and testing reports based in large data sets Experience with large data processing tools such as Hadoop, HBase, ElasticSearch, RabbitMQ, and Kafka Experience with Python, Java, Tomcat, JS, and Docker is a plus Experience testing network security products, preferably with firewalls and intrusion prevention is a plus BS or MS in computer engineering or related technical field. Excellent communication and collaborative skills Company: We are the global cybersecurity leader, known for always challenging the security status quo. Our mission is to protect our way of life in the digital age by preventing successful cyberattacks. This has given us the privilege of safely enabling tens of thousands of organizations and their customers. Our pioneering Security Operating Platform emboldens their digital transformation with continuous innovation that seizes the latest breakthroughs in security, automation, and analytics. By delivering a true platform and empowering a growing ecosystem of change-makers like us, we provide highly effective and innovative cybersecurity across clouds, networks, and mobile devices. Our Security Operating Platform is built for automation. It is easy to operate, with capabilities that work together, so customers can prevent successful cyberattacks. They can use analytics to automate routine tasks, so they can focus on what matters. We are known for continuously delivering innovations; and with Application Framework, we extend that to an open ecosystem of developers that benefit from our customers’ existing investment in data, sensors, and enforcement points. Learn more about Palo Alto Networks here and check out our fast facts