BlackRock helps investors build better financial futures. As a fiduciary to our clients, we provide the investment and technology solutions they need when planning for their most important goals. As of June 30, 2018, the firm managed approximately $6.3 trillion in assets on behalf of investors worldwide. For additional information on BlackRock, please visit www.blackrock.com | Twitter: @blackrock | Blog: www.blackrockblog.com | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/blackrock. Job Description: Technology & Operations BlackRock helps investors build better financial futures. As a fiduciary to our clients, we provide the investment and technology solutions they need when planning for their most important goals. As of March 31, 2018, the firm managed approximately $6.317 trillion in assets on behalf of investors worldwide. For additional information on BlackRock, please visit www.blackrock.com | Twitter: @blackrock | Blog: www.blackrockblog.com | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/blackrock. Team Overview The Index and Data Solutions team is responsible for the index and data strategy for the firm and the management of the commercial relationships with each provider. Role Responsibility BlackRock is seeking a team-oriented individual who can immediately add value to the IDS team and its internal clients, including various investor teams. This full-time Analyst position will be responsible for the strategic sourcing of index and market data products and services, used as input to drive investment decisions, at the most favorable licensing and commercial terms. Key roles and responsibilities will include: Partnering with IDS colleagues, internal stakeholders, and legal, negotiate index and market data agreements to attain beneficial commercial terms and mitigate business risk Work with manager to develop and manage strategic sourcing plans to achieve efficiencies, while maintaining the highest possible levels of service Communicate commercial obligations stemming from provider contracts to internal stakeholders and COO team members In collaboration with IDS colleagues, manage a pipeline of new data requests, renegotiations, renewals, and terminations; proactively communicate status updates to stakeholders Conduct ad hoc agreement and usage rights assessments Identify potential new data sources that could be additive to the investment process Working closely with stakeholders, conduct quarterly business reviews to identify savings opportunities Serve as single point of contact for designated data vendors, managing day-to-day communication and strategic business reviews. Experience Basic knowledge of index and market data products and services Organized, detail orientated, proactive and able to adapt quickly to a rapidly changing environment Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to elicit pertinent information from stakeholders at all levels Analytical skills to identify and evaluate potential strategic opportunities in the marketplace Excellent verbal and written communication skills to clearly convey perspectives and analysis to stakeholders Ability to work autonomously and build strong relationships with internal clients and data providers Commercial contract knowledge preferred, but not required BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, and other statuses protected by law. We recruit, hire, train, promote, pay, and administer all personnel actions without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), sex stereotyping (including assumptions about a person’s appearance or behavior, gender roles, gender expression, or gender identity), gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, ancestry, medical condition, marital status, military or veteran status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable law. We interpret these protected statuses broadly to include both the actual status and also any perceptions and assumptions made regarding these statuses. BlackRock will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the law, including any applicable fair chance law.