Job Description: Under the general supervision of the Assistant Director of Pharmacy, is responsible for preparation of audit and compliance reports required for the institution's participation in the Federal 340B Drug Discount program. This includes reviewing and revising required policy and procedures. Participates in the development, implementation and evaluation of Departmental Policies and Procedures Prepares short and long range goals and objectives for the assigned Pharmacy area for the review and approval of the Inpatient Pharmacy Operations Manager. Ensures adherence to all Hospital and Departmental Policies and Procedures. Ensures proper control and record keeping for 340B program compliance routinely reviews records to assure accountability and conformity with legal requirements, and immediately reports any discrepancies and deviations from established policies and procedures to the Associate Director. Coordinates and integrates program compliance within department and with other departments by continually collaborating with managers. Prepares Word, Excel and Power Point reports of pharmaceutical purchasing, dispensing and billing from 3rd Party software and hospital and department data systems. Ensures there is adequate ongoing educational programs and training opportunities for all staff in area of responsibility, including orientation of new employees and relevant in-service education sessions. Develops and maintains an effective system of information, records and reports for assigned departments utilizing appropriate manual or electronic systems. Adjudications of reports and analysis to the NDC level of drug products All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, protected veteran status or on the basis of disability. Qualificiations: Any combination of education and experience that would likely provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities as well as possession of any required licenses or certifications is qualifying. Education - Associate's degree in a work-related field/discipline from an accredited college or university Experience - Five (5) years of progressively responsible and directly related work experience Additional Preferred Qualifications: Previous 340B experience, Knowledge of MacroHelix and EPIC and proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (e.g. EXCEL, Word, Powerpoint, etc.) Key Words: PHARMACY, PHARMACY 340B, 340B, BUSINESS ANALYST, ANALYST, STANFORD, STANFORD HEALTH CARE, PALO ALTO, SILICON VALLEY, SAN FRANCISCO BAY AREA, SF BAY AREA,