The Company: Proteus Digital Health® is a privately held company, funded by leading institutional and corporate investors, including Novartis, Otsuka, Oracle and Kaiser Permanente Ventures. Armed with an intellectual property portfolio that includes more than 457 issued patents and led by some of the brightest minds in technology, pharmaceuticals, and healthcare, Proteus is enabling a new category of therapy: Digital Medicine. These offerings include widely used drugs, formulated so they communicate when they have been taken; a wearable patch that detects medicines and captures physiologic response; mobile applications to support patient self-care and physician decision-making; and data analytics to serve the needs of health system managers. The FDA granted its first approval of a Digital Medicine, Abilify Mycite® on November 13, 2017. Abilify Mycite® is a drug-device combination product of Otsuka’s aripiprazole, an atypical antipsychotic, embedded with Proteus’ ingestible sensor that communicates with Proteus’ wearable sensor patch and a smartphone application. The Product: Proteus Discover Proteus Discover is a Digital Medicine offering that measures medication treatment effectiveness and helps physicians, care teams, and patients improve clinical outcomes. Proteus Discover provides the tools needed for health organizations to build patient engagement, efficiency and measurement into the delivery of care, and an opportunity to mitigate the high costs of uncontrolled diseases. Join Us: Come join our unique collection of innovative scientists, engineers, market makers, designers, doctors, developers, clinicians, and other digital health industry pioneers, and assist us with achieving our compelling vision, “Healthcare for Everyone, Everywhere.” Learn more about what we do (video): https://youtu.be/D65XJqKNVvI Summary/ Responsibilities: The data science team works to define, design, develop and test algorithms in the health/wellness space. You will work with multiple data sources, including Proteus' proprietary ingestible and wearable sensors and electronic medical records (EMR) data. Our current projects include: Using EMR data to aid in patient selection for our Proteus Discover products. Analyze treatment data to optimize clinical patient outcomes. Improve the signal processing algorithms of our device and sensor data. Prototype new data product features. Investigate the entire production and clinical product pipeline to pinpoint bottlenecks of growth. Visualize results to drive business decisions. Qualifications: Hands on experience of machine learning and data mining: classification, clustering, time-series analysis, and recommender systems; Must be comfortable working with real data. Strong experience developing data-driven platform technologies, including data modeling, data collection and aggregation, and analytics. Significant statistical knowledge, such as probability theory, multivariate analysis, and sampling. Production level programming skills in Python and PySpark. Experience with database managing systems, such as Hadoop, Hive, SQL, Non-SQL. Experience in agile software development and using repositories like Git. A technical leader who can wrangle and analyze data to generate insights, make proactive recommendations and socialize them to both internal and external stakeholders. Entrepreneurial nature with an appreciation for business opportunities and a strong passion for solving difficult problems. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Passion for technology and the medical device/digital medicine space. Ability to work and enjoy a fast-paced startup type environment. Highly organized with great attention to details. Bonus: Experience in healthcare or wearable devices. Experience using AWS (e.g. Kinesis, Redshift, S3). Previous experience using BI tools like Tableau. Experience with natural language processing, NLP. Education D., MS + 2 years work experience, or B.S. + 4 years work experience in a relevant STEM field (for example physics, EECS, computational biology, math).