Who we are: The Business Technology Services (BTS) team within the Media Technology & Information Services (MTIS) group at HBO is responsible for the build and support of vital technology solutions supporting the scheduling, acquisition, processing, and distribution of HBO content. The team is a fundamental part of HBO’s innovation and successful Technology team in New York City, Santa Monica and Seattle. The team partners with various business units to enable the services required to deliver HBO’s premium content to domestic and global platforms as well as third party partners by bringing together platform, software, data and business intelligence services. We are currently seeking a Senior Data Architect. This position will report to the Director of the data and analytics team and will be based in New York City. We look for team members who want to: Be Curious : Seek out opportunities to learn, and who aren’t afraid to ask questions Own It : Be the driver, and take accountability Embrace Change : The technology landscape is ever changing – we’re looking for people who are ready to change along with it. Engage and Influence : Share your passion for technology, and develop great relationships with colleagues and collaborators What part will you play? Do you love analytics and data? Do you have a background in data intensive applications both on premise and in the cloud? You will be a key player in modernizing our data architecture and be part of a team that is building our next generation data and analytics platform. This position requires strong experience in data modeling for operational and ‘big data’ analytical applications using both relational and non-relational data modeling techniques. What will you do? Define architectural patters for data ingest and data usage. Work closely with the product development teams and business partners, in an agile methodology, to understand requirements, prepare logical data models and define the physical data layer to implement the model. Work with the development teams in iterative sprints to implement the model and optimize the performance and scalability of the system through to production. Develop, maintain and evangelize data architecture principles, policies and standards. Provide general guidance on data architecture topics and facilitate data architecture working sessions with teams. Participate in overall Data Governance processes and working groups. Maintain currency with leading and emerging data technologies for "big data" platforms, NoSQL databases and cloud data services, identifying business opportunities for applying these at HBO. What do we need from you? 7+ years related work experience in data design, systems design and development, solution delivery preferred 5+ years of experience designing/implementing large-scale, complex data-driven applications and data modeling experience, delivering highly scalable solutions using both relational and non-relational data models preferred. 2+ years of Big Data Analytics experience on a cloud platform, preferably AWS. Experience with applied design techniques for optimizing models for operational, reporting, analysis and distribution data needs. Strong analytical skills; ability to analyze raw data, draw conclusions, and develop actionable recommendations. Excellent oral and written communication skills. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science or Data Science related field or equivalent experience Knowledge and understanding of one or more of Python, Linux, Spark, Hive, Pig and R is desirable.