Coursera is scaling a global platform to provide universal access to the world’s best education, and we’re motivated by the passion and mission to transform lives through learning. Our platform has reached over 30 million learners worldwide and we have partnered with 150+ elite universities around the globe with over 2,000 courses in our catalog. We offer Courses, Specializations, Certificates, and Degrees to meet the needs and goals of the diverse learners who come to Coursera. In 2016, Coursera began hosting accredited online Masters degrees provided by University partners, which provide a more convenient, lower-cost, “stackable” means of earning credentials identical to their traditional on-campus counterparts. We also launched Coursera for Business, partnering with enterprise companies around the world to provide access to curated skill development for their employees. Coursera is seeking an experienced leader for our growing Teaching & Learning team. T&L is responsible for enabling and empowering our partners to develop high quality learning through pedagogy research, interactive training, and consultative feedback. We aim to understand factors that are crucial to successful learning experiences and outcomes. We develop actionable insights and best practices to guide partners in course design, content production process, and ongoing content improvement. We listen to partner needs and work with course teams to develop and deliver customized trainings. We provide targeted advice to guide partners in leveraging Coursera platform and tools for effective course design and delivery. As manager of Teaching & Learning, you will develop a long-term vision and strategy for the team. You will guide a team of Specialists, Instructional Designers, and Solutions Engineers to conduct research, create best practices, deliver targeted trainings, and provide content design consultations for partner teams, empowering them to develop high quality learning for all of Coursera’s learners. You will partner with Product and Engineering to incorporate pedagogy insights into core platform and tooling development. You will report to VP of Services. You personally exhibit a conviction that the world needs Coursera to be wildly successful and alignment to our core values: Betterment: a tireless pursuit to drive results Boldness: take risks and act decisively Deep Honesty: invite and offer candid feedback in order to learn, change, and grow Solidarity: recognize that we are part of something bigger than ourselves and are committed to our mission Responsibilities: Inspire and guide research of pedagogy and instructional design best practices, create library of data-driven and empirical insights critical to high quality learning experience and learner engagement Develop long-term team vision and strategy; oversee creation and execution of quarterly team goals Work with the team to create effective partner training strategy (in person and online) and processes Represent T &L expertise in internal cross-functional and external settings, make sound decisions on content design, project scoping, and team allocation Manage a team of high calibre individuals and support their professional growth Identify staffing needs on team and hire strong talents Skills: 8+ years of professional experience in instructional design, learning and development, or higher education. Strong understanding of learning science, adult learning theory and educational psychology is preferred. Experience working with external clients or partners; ability to build trust and influence Experienced people manager with strong track record of leading team and developing individuals Deep understanding of online education content design, familiarity with tools and platforms Exceptional analytical, strategic, and problem-solving skills Ability and experience working in cross-functional teams and a track record of taking initiative in ambiguous and dynamic environments Incredible perseverance and drive, manifested in a strong work ethic and a willingness to roll up your sleeves and do whatever needs to be done