Do you have a passion for technology? Cigna IT is looking for passionate technology-focused Co- op students to join the Technology Early Career Development Program (TECDP). The mission of the TECDP is to support the professional development needs of associates and talent requirements of Cigna IT by providing challenging assignments, structured training, and mentoring through a committed partnership between individual associates, program management and the IT organization. TECDP Co-ops will begin to shape their career path through their professional experiences with program support and discussions with mentors, TECDP buddies, peers, and co-workers. TECDP offers structured technical and non-technical training, networking opportunities, formal mentoring, and exposure to a breadth of technology across multiple lines of business. Throughout the 6 months, TECDP co-ops will be challenged to develop the skills and competencies necessary to become a successful IT professional. To help develop these skills, TECDP co-ops will participate in a group project during their time at Cigna. Fall/Winter co-ops complete a research project which generally evaluates a technology used within Cigna or proposes a new technology or change to our environment. Spring/Summer co-ops (along with interns located in AZ, CO, CT, MN, PA, TN) contribute to an innovation development project within the health services field. Spring/Summer co-ops may also have the opportunity to take a short trip up to our headquarters in Bloomfield, CT for the project orientation and final presentation. At the conclusion of the co-op, your hard work and achievements will be celebrated with an off-boarding event at a location determined by your co- op experience lead! Many of Cigna co-op associates pipeline into full-time employment upon graduation. These individuals have the opportunity to join the technical track or the rotational track. The rotational track focuses on broad-based development, providing associates with a total of three unique rotations, each approximately 12 to 18 months in length, giving diverse knowledge of Cigna IT. Rotational assignments include a variety of IT positions. The technical track focuses on deep development in a technology function or specific area of IT with increasing the complexity and scope of the role while in the program. Technical assignments are typically focused in application development or infrastructure areas. Full-time associates also have the potential to do an international assignment in Europe or Asia. Co-op Opportunities (include but are not limited to) • Application Developer - designs, codes, tests, and documents programs • Infrastructure Engineer – provide operational support for IT application test lab, including building and supporting server test hardware and software for application developers to test applications • Production Support - supports IT systems and application currently in production and resolves end-user incidents • Quality Assurance Analyst - tests new or modified applications • Business Analyst - formulates and defines system scope and objectives based on customer requirements and business need • Systems Analyst - works with business partner to identify and illustrate application requirements and turn them into detailed specifications • Project Manager - responsible for leading, planning, managing, and directing teams to accomplish specific objectives within defined constraints • Information Protection Specialist - responsible for supporting IT security measures • Architecture Specialist - creates standards and opportunities for reuse across IT to reduce cost and complexity. Assists with initial application design for fit and alignment Qualifications Preferred Qualifications: •Bachelor’s Degree in progress in Information Science & Technology, Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Mathematics, Computer Engineering or Business related disciplines •Ability to effectively communicate via oral and written channels •Team player with strong interpersonal skills •Excellent analytical/technical skills and knowledge •Innovative thinker and problem solver •Energetic, motivated and career-driven •Seeks learning opportunities •3.0 or better overall GPA US Candidates Only : Qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status. If you require a special accommodation, please visit our Careers website or contact us at SeeYourself@cigna.com . Qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status. Need an accommodation? Email: SeeYourself@cigna.com