ALS provides a broad range of testing and analytical services to a wide variety of end markets and industries around the globe. We continue to remain at the forefront of the testing services industry, building an enviable reputation. Primary Objectives: Providing support to the HR, IR, R &B, Payroll and L&D Team on a wide range of Corporate HR, remuneration, statistics and employee relations projects Collation and completion of the HR Monthly Report tables, global gender reporting requirements Administration support for the ALSNET HR SharePoint site Assisting in recruitment activities, both internal and external, as required. ALS Corporate Responsibilities Specific Accountabilities & Key Performance Indicators: Timely submission and quality (i.e. accuracy) of all output. Perpetuation of the ALS Core Values and in developing a performance culture through staff engagement . Position Duties and Scope: Support for all aspects of the Corporate/Global HR function including but not limited to: Reporting Collation of information for the HR bi-monthly Board report relating to various statistics, global gender reporting requirements. Preparation of Corporate Communications, management of the launch of these. Collate and manage the quarterly Social Media report – ongoing Social Media monitoring. Analysis of data to find trends. Projects HR Projects and analysis. Engagement Survey – manage the global survey. Exit Survey – manage to ensure global use of same tool. Development of new ALS training courses for publishing in ALStar (Saba). Administration Assist with administration duties of LMS (SABA), as required in back up capacity. HR Meeting minutes and recording for the monthly Global HR Teleconference. Keep the global organizational charts up to date (not local or Business Stream specific charts). Assist with the updating of Global HR policies and reloading to Sharepoint. Translations management for policies, corporate comms and other employee resources. HR Sharepoint site – work on a continuous improvement of this resource. Monitoring company job board reviews and provide responses accordingly. Manage the global job posting (LinkedIn account) and provide assistance with ALS website job posting. Downloading due diligence documents for new acquisitions. Reviewing documents and putting into a draft HR DD Review report. Operational Human Resources Provision of support to HR team members as required. Assist with contract of employments and employment packs for Corporate roles and executive roles globally Management of onboarding and off boarding for the Corporate office. Assist in investigations in relation to formal complaints (e.g. discrimination, unfair dismissal, harassment etc) as required. Provide support during the annual STI and salary review processes. Provide internal and external (Paynet) remuneration benchmarking data as requested by managers. Recruitment support, ie. Drafting PDs, posting ads, short-listing. Quality Responsibilities: Administrator Level Status for the ALS HR SharePoint site; Manage policies and other documents as required by the Board and the ALS Quality management system. Occupational Health & Safety Repsonsibilities: Be familiar with the safety requirements as set out in the safety manual. Have a knowledge of the company safety policy. Notify and/or rectify any unsafe practice acknowledged by any ALS staff member. Qualifications Position Requirements: Tertiary Qualifications – preferably HR or Psychology related. May be working part time through a degree but be substantially through this. Minimum of 1 years’ HR and administration experience. Analytical skills. Advanced Microsoft Office skills, especially in Excel SharePoint administration experience or interest.. Social Media experience or interest. Core Competencies: Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with strong grammatical ability. Exceptional communication skills. Demonstrated ability to communicate with staff and Managers at all levels. The ability to work under pressure, juggling multiple projects and deadlines. Strong attention to detail and accuracy. Strong organisational and time management skills. Professional presentation. Good with numbers, Excel analysis highly regarded or to have an interest in this area. Other Requirements: Ability to travel to other ALS sites as required by management. We would like to thank everyone for their interest in ALS but only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. "