As Executive Director, Enterprise Command Operations, the incumbent performs the following duties: a) Serves as the Executive Director for Enterprise Command Operations and plays a key management role in the oversight of Enterprise Service Desk and the Enterprise Command Center operations with the responsibility for monitoring activities and for developing and presenting information and technical guidance to effect open communication, coordinated efforts, and the establishment of comprehensive practices and basic policies controlling and effecting Department-wide actions to improve the services Veterans Affairs (VA) provides to Veterans and their families; b) Provides technical analysis in measurement and monitoring of service level agreements for IT services, service desk providing resolution to incidents and requests of the enterprise, event management, major incident management and resolution, problem management, contingency planning, disaster recovery and Continuity of Operations services; c) Serves as major incident commander utilizing leadership skills, creativity and innovation during times of disaster, interruption of services or a reduction in service quality effecting delivery of IT services and operations, coordination of restoration efforts and communication of incident status; d) Serves as a senior leader in directing and guiding the development, implementation, and sustainment of long and short-term project plans; provides guidance on defining overall IT architecture and requirements; and manages the information systems architecture in relation to assigned projects; and e) The incumbent must be knowledgeable of methods and procedures to protect information systems and data by ensuring their availability, authentication, confidentiality and integrity. f) This position requires demonstrated knowledge of business processes, risk management, emergency preparedness, and incident response. To meet the minimum qualifications, applicant must possess the following technical and executive core qualifications. These qualifications would typically be gained through progressively responsible management or executive level assignments such as director of a regional office, medical facility or program manager. An individual's total experience, education and volunteer work experience must demonstrate the ability to perform the duties of the position. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g. Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. MANDATORY EXECUTIVE CORE QUALIFICATIONS (ECQs): All applicants must submit a written narrative response to the following ECQs. Your narrative must address each ECQ separately. Additional information on ECQs is available at: http://www.opm.gov/ses/recruitment/qualify.asp. Applicants are encouraged to follow the Challenge, Context, Action and Results model outlined in the guide. It is recommended that you draft your ECQs in a Word document and then upload into the system. 1\. Leading Change: The ability to bring about strategic change, both within and outside the organization, to meet organizational goals. Inherent to this ECQ is the ability to establish an organizational vision and to implement it in a continuously changing environment. 2\. Leading People: The ability to lead people toward meeting the organization's vision, mission, and goals. Inherent to this ECQ is the ability to provide an inclusive workplace that fosters the development of others, facilitates cooperation and teamwork, and supports constructive resolution of conflicts. 3\. Results Driven: The ability to meet organizational goals and customer expectations. Inherent to this ECQ is the ability to make decisions that produce high-quality results by applying technical knowledge, analyzing problems, and calculating risks. 4\. Business Acumen : The ability to manage human, financial and information resources strategically. 5\. Building Coalitions: The ability to build coalitions internally and with other Federal agencies, state and local governments, nonprofit and private sector organizations, foreign governments, or international organizations to achieve common goals. TECHNICAL QUALIFICATION (TQ)s: In addition, all applicants must submit a written narrative response to the following TQ(s). Please give examples and explain how often you used your skills, the complexity of the knowledge possessed, the level of people you interacted with, the sensitivity of the issues you handled managing a large public or private sector organization that administers complex, rules-based benefits or services, etc. It is recommended that you draft your TQ(s) in a word document and then upload into the system. TQ1: Ability to plan, design, and implement methods and processes consistent with Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) to provide system and infrastructure monitoring, event management, and disaster recovery including continuity of operations. TQ2: Demonstrated experience in managing and directing a geographically dispersed organization providing enterprise wide IT service desk support, total ticket ownership, and Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) based Incident Management and Problem Management. None A complete application for this position includes the following items: 1\. Resume not to exceed 5 pages; 2\. Written narrative response to address each Technical Qualification(s) not to exceed 2 pages each; and 3\. Written narrative responses to address each Executive Core Qualifications (ECQs) not to exceed 2 pages each for a total of 10 pages; or 4\. Proof of non-competitive eligibility ( if applicable ). Proof consists of an SF-50 showing career status in the SES and/or proof of certification of your Executive Core Qualifications (ECQs) from the OPM administered Qualifications Review Board (QRB). Non-Competitive Consideration: You are considered a non-competitive applicant if you are a current career Senior Executive, Qualifications Review Board (QRB) certified graduate of a Senior Executive (SES) Candidate Development Program (CDP) or an individual with SES reinstatement eligibility. You may be considered non-competitively for appointment to this position if you meet the mandatory technical qualifications requirements. Non-competitive applicants do not need to submit ECQ narratives but you must clearly state your status in your resume and submit a written narrative response to the Technical Qualification (s); not more than 2 pages per each TQ with a font size no smaller than 12 points. Proof of non-competitive eligibility is required. The agency has the option of considering you non- competitively or including you in the competitive process.