Design Researcher Our purpose Small business makes the world go round – it’s the heart of the global economy. At Xero we want millions of small businesses to thrive through beautiful software, advice and connections. We aim to make being a small business more efficient and profitable, and more enjoyable too. How you’ll make an impact Our team researches, analyses and shares insights about the attitudes and behaviours of people that currently use Xero, as well as those who don’t yet but might in the future. You’ll be learning about people’s lives outside of their interactions with Xero, and observing their experience using Xero. You’ll identify where people get stuck and why. You’ll help the wider business focus on the most critical user problems and opportunities that we can address – then help discern if the changes we make get the results we want. Our researchers work closely with others in the design team, engineers, and product management. You’ll join a team of 12 specialist design researchers who work within our 50-strong design team that includes product designers and content strategists. We’re spread around the globe, with people based in New Zealand, Australia and the United States. Despite the distance, we’re a tight- knit and collaborative group. What you’ll do Understand complex needs across product teams in order to design and lead research programmes that inform particular teams as well the wider product group Work with others to develop an improved understanding and impact of the role of design research in our processes Identify user needs and problems through a variety of research methods, such as: interviews, usability testing, site visits and observation, diary studies, generative research, data analysis, and others as required. Generate insights from your research. Identify different user types and profiles, based on behaviours and attitudes, usage patterns, industries, roles, locations and other relevant characteristics Communicate user problems and user needs to the wider business in a way that easily translates your insights into actionable solutions Collaborate with product and design teams to implement solutions that fix user problems and address user needs Conduct follow up research to determine the success of those solutions You enjoy the challenge of making the complex simple, and you won’t mind a bit of travel to make sure we get the best possible results What you’ll bring with you Critical competencies Designing and conducting research using a variety of methods Highly developed analytical skills – you can distill what’s important in your research and present it in ways that mean others understand too Systemic and strategic thinking – you can join up your research with other data and research we have with Xero, and with trends and data from outside Xero. Communication skills – you can effectively communicate your ideas using a variety of approaches to all levels of the business “Collegial” skills – you’re a well-organized, passionate, pragmatic and empathetic colleague, seeking to improve what we build, and how we do it Experience Experience working within or alongside design teams Experience researching for digital products You have a portfolio that shows previous work It’s time to introduce yourself: Now that we’ve caught your attention, it’s time to catch ours. Please send us your resume if you: Are passionate about selling into the emerging online accounting market and creating a beautiful accounting experience to current and future Accounting Partners. Show your passion for the human side of sales through cultivating a deep understanding of the needs of your customers and how Xero can best improve their business. Seek the challenge of complex problems, crazy-smart collaborators and a fast- paced/high growth work environment. Champion sales thinking by bringing a unique point of view while inspiring impeccable quality from others. Take ownership by driving meaningful change and deliver results with passion and purpose. _Xero is an Equal Opportunity Employer._