To provide system analysis, design, development, and implementation of applications and databases for mainframe-, client/server-, Web-, and/or PC- based systems, under supervision of a more senior developer. Ideal Technical Background Experience with developing Java REST services – Spring, Jersey Knowledge of “API-first” design standards, patterns and best practices would be a plus Knowledge of API resiliency and cloud-based development/engineering best practices would be a plus Experience with test automation and test-driven development practices and frameworks – mutation testing, functional testing (JUnit, Cucumber), mock frameworks (Mockito, etc.), contract testing Knowledge of cloud-based data stores - Dynamo DB and/or Amazon RDS; experience migrating data from legacy repositories to cloud data architecture Familiarity with DevOps concepts, tools and continuous delivery pipelines - Bamboo, Jenkins, Maven, Bitbucket, Jira, etc. Ability to implement instrumentation to gather business-specific metrics around consumer usage patterns Duties and Responsibilities: Provides senior-level expertise in an initiative to build or re-platform select business services as APIs for internal and external consumption Defines the bounded context for conceptual API models. Writes specifications for APIs. Designs, builds, and maintains APIs in a cloud-based micro-services architecture. Re-platforms existing applications to API, cloud, and micro-services architecture with minimal impact to consuming applications. Collaborates with other functions (architecture, business, etc.) to optimize API development and governance processes Evangelizes best practices for API design and development across project teams Provides leadership and guidance to a team on developing solutions that integrate with existing IT systems to satisfy business needs Develops automated tests for functional, performance, and security testing using TDD methodology Implements instrumentation for monitoring product health, business metrics, and consumption patterns Thoroughly understands and complies with IT policies and procedures, especially those for quality and productivity standards that enable the team to meet established milestones. Qualifications: Undergraduate degree in a related field or the equivalent combination of training and experience. 2+ years software engineering experience. Strong written and oral communication skills. Strong, demonstrated analysis and problem solving skills. Strong planning and organizational skills. Advanced knowledge of the following software engineering practices and concepts: Production acceptance, including elevations and change management. Test/Quality assurance methodology Systems analysis and design techniques. System/subsystem requirements. Libraries, reusable code, and/or object oriented standards.