ALORICA- 1500 Commerce Drive, Mendota Heights, MN 55120 Accepting Walk-In Applications and on the spot interviews! Monday-Friday 8:30am-4:30pm $12-$15 Per Hour $500 Sign on bonus if you start by August 6th! Essential duties / Core skills & responsibilities of the position: Travel savvy: passion / experience with travel Solutions mindset: First call resolution, a passion to find the right solution for the customer (i.e., consultative skills). Anticipate and proactivity offer appropriate value add services and support to enhance the customer’s trip Proven track record of doing the right thing and owning customer issues to ensure resolution Excellent time management: ability to multi-task. Capable of prioritizing and ability to handle high volume effectively. Ability to de-escalate and assist difficult or irate customers to turn around customer experience; ability to think ahead for the customer, offer options to solve their problem and enhance their trip, and deliver information in a positive way. Quick learner: ability to ramp up quickly and provide efficient and creative out of the box solutions Ready to start? Chat with us to begin the process now: (https://olivia.recruiting.ai/co/Alorica) JOB REQUIREMENTS Minimum Education and Experience: High School Diploma or GED required Customer service experience a plus Phone-related customer service a _major_ plus Familiarity with Microsoft Windows, Word, and Excel applications WORKING CONDITIONS Work Environment A climate controlled, contact center environment – filled with amazing people, incredible career opportunities and the occasional dance-off Constant usage of phone and computer systems Physical Demands Constant sedentary work. You’ll typically be sitting for most of the time, so be sure get up and stretch once in a while. Your circulatory system will thank you. _DISCLAIMER: The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job._ TAKE THE NEXT STEP Let’s make lives better. Let’s defy the status quo. And let’s go beyond thinking outside the box – and decide to obliterate the box instead. You ready? Let’s do this. Ready to apply? Start the process right away by chatting with us now (https://olivia.recruiting.ai/co/Alorica) About Alorica: Alorica is an equal opportunity employer and committed to diversity in its workforce. Alorica recruits qualified applicants and makes all employment- related decisions based exclusively on job-related qualifications, without regard to characteristics such as race, color, national origin, religion, gender, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other status protected by law.