Job Description What you will be working on Cutting edge problems in applied deep learning, machine learning, and AI in one or more of the following areas: Computer vision, object detection and localization, speech recognition, natural language processing, recommendation systems, forecasting, and multimodal learning Inventing novel models that combine unsupervised and supervised learning, reinforcement learning Developing deep learning algorithms to exploit novel distributed processor architectures Developing our Deep Learning framework Qualifications You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work/classes/research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences. Master’s or PhD in computer science, electrical engineering or related fields (statistics, applied math, computational neuroscience) 3+ years of experience in DL, ML algorithms and model development Proficiency in Python, C++. Familiarity with DL frameworks (e.g. neon, TensorFlow, Caffe, etc.) Preferred Qualifications: Research experience in deep learning Understanding of deep learning hardware (CPU, GPU, multi-node) Drive to solve customers’ problems using technical creativity and hard work Inside this Business Group Intel AI, leveraging Intel's world leading position in silicon innovation and proven history in creating the compute standards that power our world, is transforming Artificial Intelligence (AI) with the Intel AI products portfolio. Harnessing silicon designed specifically for AI, end to end solutions that broadly span from the data center to the edge, and tools that enable customers to quickly deploy and scale up, Intel AI is inside AI and leading the next evolution of compute. Other Locations US, California, San Diego; Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.