About J.P. Morgan Corporate & Investment Bank J.P. Morgan’s Corporate & Investment Bank is a global leader in Banking. The world’s corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. The Corporate & Investment Bank supports our clients around the world providing strategic advice, raising capital and managing risk. Key responsibilities Supporting and improving the Production Management operating model for applications which are hosted on the JP Morgan Market (JPMM) platform. Support of these applications will require regular engagement with business client services, infrastructure and other stakeholders. Support core infrastructure of JPMM platform. Act as escalation for all day-to-day issues impacting the plant- including being first point of contact for senior Technology and Business leaders within region Work closely with the Markets Execution development team to understand the strategic growth plans for the platform and evolve the support organization to meet these needs. Provide visibility into overall stability of the Markets Execution plant – provide trending and analysis to drive development prioritization of fixes and enhancements. Create, drive and manage KPIs and real-time monitoring dashboards to ensure system operability and performance Proactively identify areas for stability improvement in the software/hardware stack as well as operational processes Identify and drive creation of tooling to ensure quality management of incidents and proactive follow-ups to issues Manage the on-boarding of new businesses, Clients and applications to the platform Ensure resiliency of the platform through managed DR/SR/HA events. Identify and partner with development staff to eliminate single points of failure in the environment The successful Candidate needs to be familiar with ITIL support methodologies and concepts (Change, Incident, Problem, Event, Configuration management etc) and have a proven track record of achieving the above in prior roles. Soft Skills : Strong written and verbal communication skills Problem solving skills - natural inclination towards problem resolution Self-driven & proactive Customer Service Orientation - build positive working relationships with customers at all times providing realistic information and managing their expectations Problem solving : Ability to understand complex component/system/service interactions and look for causes and provide solutions. The successful Candidate needs to be familiar with ITIL support methodologies and concepts (Change, Incident, Problem, Event, Configuration management etc) and have a proven track record of achieving the above in prior roles. Tech skills: Linux administration and host performance tuning Experience working in a worldwide SaaS environment Management of internet facing multi-tier 24/7 critical web infrastructure. Understanding of Web-based, Java, or e-commerce applications Understanding of scalable web based architecture Understanding of internet security Understanding of Load Balancing Experience supporting public/private cloud based applications. Perl/Unix Shell Scripting Network – Layer 2 & 3 Monitoring software - Geneos, Splunk, and Open Source. Requires a logical and detailed approach to problem solving Software: Linux/Unix Java Apache Tomcat & Apache Web server Firewalls LDAP and other directory infrastructure. Software deployment tools Configuration management tools. Geneos Messaging servers. Our Corporate & Investment Bank relies on innovators like you to build and maintain the technology that helps us safely service the world’s important corporations, governments and institutions. You’ll develop solutions for a bank entrusted with holding $18 trillion of assets and $393 billion in deposits. CIB provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk, and extends liquidity in markets spanning over 100 countries around the world. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. _@2017 JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran_