Since 1851, MassMutual’s commitment has always been to help people protect their families, support their communities, and help one another. This is why we want to inspire people to Live Mutual. We at MassMutual value diversity and inclusion. We’re people helping people. A career with us means you will work alongside exceptional people and be empowered to reach your professional and personal goals. Our employees are the foundation of what makes MassMutual a strong, stable and ethical business. We seek and value unique and varied perspectives and experiences because we believe we are stronger when all voices are heard. We invite you to bring your bright, innovative ideas to MassMutual as we continue to help millions of Americans rely on each other. Together, we’re stronger. Description MassMutual’s Advanced Analytics group is seeking an exceptional, highly motivated and self-directed Senior Data Scientist in Investment/Finance domain. In this role, you will perform data-driven research, problem solving, and algorithm development through the systematic application of mathematics, statistics and computer science as well as cutting edge data technologies. Results of this work manifest themselves in a variety of ways, including interactive visualizations, presentations, publications, web applications, predictive algorithms, and APIs. This is an opportunity to join a small but growing high performing team with diverse backgrounds in applied math, computer science and physics that have been tasked with developing, maintaining and extracting knowledge from a strategic data asset. Our work revolves around studying fundamental and high impact business questions that directly impact the direction of the company and industry at large. OVERALL RESPONSIBILITY: Assemble data sets from disparate sources and analyze using appropriate quantitative methodologies, computational frameworks and systems Develop algorithms and predictive models, create prototype systems, visualizations, and web applications Design and analyze experiments Disseminate findings to non-technical audiences through a variety of media, including interactive visualizations, reports and presentations Lead short term projects and participate in long term research initiatives Mentor junior team members CANDIDATE REQUIREMENTS: 7+ years working with data and relevant computational frameworks and systems Expert level understanding in any of the following areas: machine learning, probability and statistics (esp. Bayesian methods), natural language processing, operations research, good experience with natural language processing is strongly preferred 7+ years developing of probabilistic models and machine learning algorithms Exceptional problem solving skills and willingness to learn new concepts, methods, and technologies Expert in data analysis using R or Python (numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, pandas, etc.) programming languages Knowledge of HTML/CSS/Javascript, d3.js and web application frameworks (Flask, Django, Play!, etc.) is a plus Experience in database design and SQL Knowledge of investment concepts and relevant working experience is preferred Advanced Degree, PhD (preferred) or Masters, plus experience working as a Data Scientist Ranked No. 77 in the annual FORTUNE ® 500 Ranking (FORTUNE ® Magazine, June 2017) and recognized as a World’s Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere, MassMutual is guided by a single purpose: We help people secure their future and protect the ones they love. As a company owned by our policyowners, we are defined by mutuality and our vision to put customers first. It’s more than our company structure – it’s our way of life. We are a company of people protecting people. Our company exists because people are willing to share risk and resources, and rely on each other when it counts. At MassMutual, we Live Mutual. CORE VALUES Focus on the Customer: We understand our customers well and look for every opportunity to deliver an experience that is clear, easy, personal, human, empowering and trustworthy. Act with Integrity: We deliver on our promises by being open, honest and humble and by adhering to the letter and spirit of applicable laws, rules, regulations and company policies. Value People: We respect and learn from each other’s diverse backgrounds, experiences and ideas. We engage and develop people to their greatest potential. Work Collaboratively: We work together to achieve results by actively listening, seeking, understanding and creating solutions as a unified team driving toward one company, one culture, one brand. Achieve Results: We focus on winning by exceeding expectations and getting better – everyone, every day. For more information, visit www.massmutual.com or find us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Google+, Instagram and Pinterest. _MassMutual is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer_ _Minority/Female/Sexual_ _Orientation/Gender Identity/Individual with Disability/Protected Veteran. We welcome all persons to apply._