Job Title: Oracle Fusion Cloud Financials Solution Architect Department: Supply Chain Management Location: USA Travel: 75% Brief Company Description: Inspirage is the integrated supply chain specialist firm solving business critical challenges from design to delivery. The company delivers end-to-end consulting and implementation solutions that link Innovation Management, Supply Chain Management and Logistics Management. Inspirage partners with their customers to break down information silos and optimize performance to accelerate innovation, fuel growth and achieve operational excellence. Inspirage is a Platinum-level member of Oracle PartnerNetwork (OPN) and has been recognized by Oracle with numerous awards, including the Oracle Excellence Award for Specialized Partner of the Year – North America for three years in a row (2016, 2015, and 2014). Headquartered in Bellevue, Washington, the company has global presence with offices in North America, Europe, and Asia. Job Function: Conduct financial functional design workshops and design reviews with clients Configure the Cloud Financials applications, validate and migrate the configuration to production Drive financial CRPs/SITs/UATs Load and validate financial data Prepare and execute financial test scripts and test cases Conduct client user training Log, manage and resolve SR’s with Oracle Support Interact with customer user base at all levels to develop innovative solution designs and execution plans Experience & Education: Up to 15 years of overall experience in finance domain within a Supply Chain environment Strong process knowledge in financials within a Supply Chain environment – accounting, consolidation and reporting, and ability to lead solution design discussions to meet customer business needs. Proficiency in Oracle EBS financials in GL, AP, AR, CM and FA is required Minimum of 1 full lifecycle Oracle Fusion Cloud Financials implementation Expertise in utilizing reporting technologies to define value added reports, need to be an expert in – OTBI, SmartView, BI Publisher, and Financial Reporting Studio. Experience with at least 4 full lifecycle financial implementations with at least 1 of them as a lead Extensive experience in guiding customers in their journey from legacy systems to Cloud based products. Experience must include business process change management, data migration, transactions migration, reporting, re-conciliation etc. Proven experience in a customer facing role Should have Oracle EBS Financials Management Certification; Cloud Financials certification is preferred Is aware of modern financial process and technology trends Understands localization and statutory financial requirements. Understands SOX and other compliance practices Excellent communication skills in English CPA, MBA in Finance, or equivalent experience