Here @ Strata… We are committed to our mission to help heal healthcare. Our unique culture is driven by a social, hardworking environment full of talented people solving problems together. We embrace learning, cross-team collaboration, and continuous career growth. Lifting each other to lift our clients, our product, our company. If being part of a fun, fast-moving, innovative team is what you seek? Keep reading. We look for someone who: Is Service-Centric: Someone who desires to make an impact in and outside of our office. We look for service minded people to support our customers, each other and our community. Has a Growth Mindset: Driven to own your individual learning and development (We’ll help you - we have a team dedicated to training you and providing extra educational resources). Rocks Impact : Thinks two steps ahead to ensure the work we do will solve problems and make a difference. Will be a StrataPro: Accountable. Prepared. Positive. Core to who we are and how we treat one another. What you’ll do in this role: As a Data Engineer, you will have the opportunity to work on technical infrastructures that will help many of the nation’s leading healthcare providers in utilizing their financial, operational, and clinical data to drive their mission of providing world-class care, while improving their financial health. Participate in the full life-cycle of development, from definition, design, implementation, and testing Work with our Data Science team on transitioning a proof-of-concept to a real product Selecting and integrating any Data tools and frameworks required to provide requested capabilities Be an advocate for developing best practices in the organization, and bring in knowledge of new technologies to the team Monitoring performance and advising any necessary infrastructure changes Regularly contribute to ongoing improvements in engineering process and product development ecosystem Give technical presentations to both development, product, and leadership teams Work on building proof of concept architectures that have an eye towards production. Participates in architecting and building large distributed systems that scale well Work closely with our current engineering team to integrate data architectures into our existing data platform. Support business decisions with ad hoc analysis as needed. Expected to cross train team members on areas of technical expertise Develop tools and utilities to maintain high system availability, monitor data quality, and provide statistics Develop understanding of healthcare & finance terminology and workflows. Your accomplishments include: 5+ Years of experience as a data/software engineer Experience with SaaS/Cloud based offerings/products Worked with big data and data warehousing technologies Strong understanding of ETL processes and data flow architectures and tools Experience building decoupled infrastructures Proficient understanding of distributed computing principles Experience building infrastructures that process large amounts of structured and unstructured data Experience building tools for technical teams Advanced knowledge of SQL or other relational databases Intermediate to advanced knowledge in Unix and Linux command line tools and scripting Experience programming in a highly regulated industry (healthcare or finance preferred). Experience with integration of data from multiple data sources