Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook seeks a Data Analyst for its Global SMB Publisher Team. Our mission is to bring Facebook's highly targeted, quality ads to publishers around the world, and we're just getting started. We’re a mobile-focused team and our priority is to guide SMB publishers as they adopt the Audience Network. You will use data analysis to develop models and reports that provide insight into the small and medium size publisher base, identify opportunities, and impact the strategy of our Product, Marketing, and Sales teams. Success in this position requires partnering with cross-functional teams and exhibit excellent analytical and communication skills. RESPONSIBILITIES Enable acquisition, activation, and retention through effective use of data Enable the Publisher SMB team to plan, execute, report on and monitor the success of outreach campaigns Work closely with optimization teams to identify publisher cohorts & performance optimization initiatives Develop data infrastructure (ETLs, data models, and reports) and other tools to make analytics easier and more effective Take advantage of massive amounts of structured data to understand how to improve our business success and our teams’ efficiency Produce ad hoc analyses to aid the team in understanding customer behavior, develop POV’s and drive decision-making Be a thought leader and go-to-expert on data resources and tools Manage integration of disparate, user-level data sets into a unified view of the consumer for the development of segmentation models Identify growth opportunities by uncovering new segments and channels via applied data analysis Design and report on incrementally testing, including channel impact of email marketing or digital advertising Lead development of marketing attribution model across integrated channels to optimize ROI MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS BA/BS in Math, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Physics, or other quantitative field 2+ years of experience in business strategy, finance, engineering, or analytics Experience with SQL (Oracle, Vertica, Hive, MySQL, etc.) Communication experience Experience with Tableau Experience with digital advertising tracking, measurement, and metrics PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Advanced degree Experience with statistical analysis. Stat packages such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc. Experience with the mobile app publisher landscape and/or online marketing & advertising Experience with web analytics tools, such as Google Analytics