I. SUMMARY STATEMENT Enterprise Architecture is a critical element to achieving greater efficiency, scale, and innovation of Choice’s business application portfolio—now and into the future. The Systems Architect is _the_ trusted advisor for both the IT and the Business leadership team. They are a results driven self-starter and will be responsible for syndicating and developing the target state vision and strategy for systems, processes, information and technologies. In addition to visioning, the role is responsible for working with business units and technology teams to prepare long-term strategic roadmaps to iteratively develop digital capabilities in pursuit of a defined, desired target state. With these artifacts, the Enterprise Architect helps establish enablement strategies for the current and future direction of Choice Hotels, collaborating closely with stakeholders around the company. The strategies are expected to be fluid and evolve over time and the incumbent will be responsible for ensuring all artifacts remain relevant. II. ORGANIZATION Reports to the Sr. Director, Systems Architecture. Individual Contributor. Interacts regularly with business stake holders. III. PRIMARY DUTIES AND ACCOUNTABILITIES Strategy: Ensures the logical and systematic conversion of business, customer and product requirements into flexible technical solutions which support current and future needs. Performs functional analysis, timeline analysis, tradeoff, benchmarking and interface definition studies to formalize customer requirements into systems architecture specifications. Architecture: Helps to define Enterprise level application and service architecture. Creates program-level APIs, data models, and interoperable interfaces for specific projects, services, and integration points. Interacts and communicates effectively with internal and external customers and development teams to clarify business, operational, or technical requirements. Defines in written documents non-functional requirements (availability, interoperability, portability, manageability, scalability, maintainability, security, monitoring, SLAs, KPIs, regulatory and legal compliance) based on business vision, best practices, and enterprise architecture direction. Balances a variety of competing goals in a design, including project time, scope and budget constraints, and system performance, message verbosity, and loose coupling. Assists with writing and communicating best practices, standards, and guidelines documents that support IT teams. Research & Best Practices Keeps up on industry trends and current technological standards and best practices. Assists with assessment of industry standards for information models and their applicability to Choice. Assists with evangelizing adoption of new standards, techniques, products, and methodologies within Choice. Assists with socializing architecture principles and artifacts, and with the promotion of enterprise architecture within the Company. Drives adoption of identified design patterns, standards, principles, and best practices throughout the development organization. Project Leadership: Serves as a technical advisor on IT projects. Ensures that IT projects adhere to the principles, guidelines and standards established by Enterprise Architecture. Accountable for guiding and modeling the technical implementation of shared artifacts, deployment models, and applications in their entirety—from interfaces, business logic, data, security, and network, and infrastructure. Maintains ongoing communication with project teams, verifying that what was designed was built and adjusting the solution architecture as appropriate throughout the project. Balances long-term strategy and short-term project goals. Conceptualizes and articulates alternatives to problem resolution. Builds consensus across stakeholder groups including management and individual contributors. IV. REQUIRED EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES _Education, Experience and Knowledge_ Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related discipline, 5 to 7 years of related experience, or equivalent combination of education and experience. A minimum of 7 years experience in the development of highly transactional, mission critical applications in heterogeneous environments/architectures for multi-user systems A minimum of 3 years technical leadership and architecture experience. Experience in defining architectures that satisfy security, scalability, high availability, and network management/monitoring requirements. Experience in Systems engineering techniques such as architecture modeling, alternative analysis, tradeoff analysis, and portfolio analysis. Experience in business process modeling & reengineering. Experience in various architecture disciplines like Application, Data, Security and Infrastructure. Experience in specifying system performance requirements, network utilization targets, system resource budgets and creating flexible APIs (Application Programming Interfaces). Experience with relational and/or non-relational (NoSQL) databases (Casandra experience preferred) and the design of highly available, distributed database applications. Experience with Service Oriented Architecture concepts, web/RESTful services, and event-driven architecture. Broad understanding of a spectrum of infrastructure technologies including network, hardware and operating systems. Solid knowledge of Unified Modeling Language (UML) and Business Process Modeling Notation (BPMN). Advanced knowledge of enterprise application integration and experience with messaging technologies (JMS). Knowledge of Software-as-a-Service (Workday and Salesforce preferred) and cloud technologies such as Amazon Web Services. Knowledge of relevant security, regulatory and compliance matters as they relate to system design (PCI, SOX, ESAPI/OWASP, SAML). Knowledge of Agile/Scrum development methodologies _Skills_ Excellent oral, written, presentation and listening communication skills. Excellent interpersonal, persuasion and diplomatic skills. Excellent reasoning, analytical, and problem solving skills. Strong skills in a broad set of development technologies: Java, JMS, XML, Web Services, RESTful Services, JavaScript, HTML, scripting languages, etc. Strong skills in system modeling (UML) and architectural tradeoff analysis. Abilities Ability to develop technical specifications, designs, and architecture artifacts. Ability to take ownership of an assignment through to completion and work effectively with people from different departments, companies, and customer organizations. Ability to solve complex problems with multiple complex abstract variables. Ability to effectively lead others in the absence of formal positional power. Ability to communicate technical information in an appropriate manner for widely varied audiences (from senior management to individual contributors on software development teams). Ability to influence business strategic direction in partnership with key decision-makers, and highly technical resources. Ability to uphold Choice’s Values & Performance Principles of collaboration, performance excellence, sense of urgency, openness to new ideas, inclusion & diversity, integrity, customer focus, and respect. Leadership Though leader who is innovative, entrepreneurial, well respected and actively sought out. Is considered an authority by peers. Courage to push difficult or unpopular perspectives Ability to explain complex technical issues in a way non-technical people understand without being condescending. Self-starter who solves complex technology and operational problems/issues with little to no guidance from senior management. Seeks senior management advice and guidance as needed for critical decisions with broad business exposure and high risk. Business/Application Knowledge – demonstrates deep knowledge/expertise in multiple and inter-dependent applications and processes. High energy and drive. Laser-focused on delivery with strategic-thinking, collaboration, facilitation, negotiation and motivational skills. Able to serve as evangelist of the architectural vision, strategy, and principles Able to establish relationships with business and IT leaders, as well as the technology subject matter experts Strategic dexterity: outstanding situational and flexible thinking Conduct tradeoff analysis (be able to look at alternative architectural approaches and present pros, cons and recommendations) Subject matter expert across multiple technologies, architectures, and business applications with special emphasis on application/systems inter-dependencies Remains unbiased toward any specific vendor or technology choice; is more interested in results than personal preferences. Must be able to uphold Choice's Values & Performance Principles of accountability, collaboration, performance excellence, sense of urgency, innovation, inclusion & diversity, integrity & trust, customer focus, and respect.