Applies skills as a seasoned, experienced systems infrastructure professional with a full understanding of industry best practices and campus, medical center or Office of the President policies and procedures to resolve a wide range of issues that are moderately complex in scope. Selects methods and techniques to obtain solutions. Evaluates new technologies including performing simple to moderate cost / benefit analyses. 20% Defines, designs and implements systems, services and technology solutions. Proposes and implements system or device enhancements such as software, hardware and network configuration, updates and installations for projects or services of moderately complex scope. 25% Manages systems and services for a facility of moderate size and makes recommendations for purchase or upgrade of new computer hardware, software and services. Performs moderately complex analysis to acquire, install, modify and support operating systems, databases, utilities and Internet / intranet- related tools. Plans, designs and implements moderately complex system updates and rollouts. May perform moderately complex networking tasks and interoperability assessments for interconnected servers or components of clusters for communication. 10% Writes and executes complex scripts and may write software in support of systems management, log analysis and other system administration duties for multiple integrated systems. 5% Performs complex security control activities to prevent unauthorized access to networked resources. May assist with maintenance of security systems for network equipment and provide recommendations on network access controls. 5% Project Management oversight for large projects with a defined scope (ie: Establish and maintenance of command procedures relating to departmental and hospital systems and interfaces that affect patient information and billing systems (MOSAIQ, APEX, Vision Tree, STOR, IDX) 30% Provide second level support for MAC/PC and department applications. 5% Other duties as assign. Required Qualifications Demonstrated skills associated with adapting equipment and technology to serve user needs; demonstrated comprehensive understanding of how system management actions affect other systems, system users and dependent / related functions Demonstrated experience writing and editing complex scripts used to perform system maintenance and administration Advanced knowledge of computer security best practices and policies including demonstrated experience securing server-based software Knowledge of Mac OS X Server administration, Windows AD server administration, FileMaker Server administration; server maintenance, storage, backup protocols, authentication, security, networking and patient health information policies (HIPAA) Three years relevant experience Bachelor's degree in related area and / or equivalent experience / training Ability to elicit and communicate technical and non-technical information in a clear and concise manner Self-motivated and works independently and as part of a team; demonstrates problem-solving skills; able to learn effectively and meet deadlines Basic knowledge of how to apply technologies and systems to meet business needs Ability to write technical documentation in a clear and concise manner Understanding of system performance monitoring and actions that can be taken to improve or correct performance Knowledge of the design, development and application of technology and systems to meet business needs General knowledge of other areas of IT; thorough understanding of and experience with systems-related issues and actions that can be taken to improve or correct performance Demonstrated skills associated with adapting equipment and technology to serve user needs; demonstrated comprehensive understanding of how system management actions affect other systems, system users and dependent / related functions Demonstrated experience writing and editing complex scripts used to perform system maintenance and administration Advanced knowledge of computer security best practices and policies including demonstrated experience securing server-based software Knowledge of Mac OS X Server administration, Windows AD server administration, FileMaker Server administration; server maintenance, storage, backup protocols, authentication, security, networking and patient health information policies (HIPAA) Knowledge of all systems securities, performance and connectivity The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations Preferred Qualifications Experience with Citrix, Nutanix, Windows Cluster server, IIS, FTP server and Ubuntu Knowledge of Raysearch, Pinnacle and MIM planning software Experience with DICOM software protocols and digital imaging software Advanced experience writing and editing the most complex scripts used to perform system maintenance and administration Experience working with Radiation Oncology electronic medical record software (MOSAIQ) and gateway interface with medical center system Experience with database administration such as MySQL SQL, Oracle and ODBC driver connectivity Licensure/Certification N/A Living Pride Standards Service Excellence Demonstrates service excellence by following the Everyday PRIDE Guide with the UCSF Medical Center standards and expectations for communication and behavior. These standards and expectations convey specific behavior associated with the Medical Center’s values: Professionalism, Respect, Integrity, Diversity and Excellence, and provide guidance on how we communicate with patients, visitors, faculty, staff, and students, virtually everyone, every day and with every encounter. These standards include, but are not limited to: personal appearance, acknowledging and greeting all patients and families, introductions using AIDET, managing up, service recovery, managing delays and expectations, phone standards, electronic communication, team work, cultural sensitivity and competency. Uses effective communication skills with patients and staff; demonstrates proper telephone techniques and etiquette; acts as an escort to any patient or family member needing directions; shows sensitivity to differences of culture; demonstrates a positive and supportive manner in which patients / families/ colleagues perceive interactions as positive and supportive. Exhibits team work skills to positively acknowledge and recognize other colleagues, and uses personal experiences to model and teach Living PRIDE standards. Exhibits tact and professionalism in difficult situations according to PRIDE Values and Practices Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to privacy, confidentiality, and security policies and procedures related to Protected Health Information (PHI) or other sensitive and personal information. Demonstrates an understanding of and adheres to safety and infection control policies and procedures. Assumes accountability for improving quality metrics associated with department/unit and meeting organizational/departmental targets. Work Environment Keeps working areas neat, orderly and clutter-free, including the hallways. Adheres to cleaning processes and puts things back where they belong. Removes and reports broken equipment and furniture. Picks up and disposes of any litter found throughout entire facility. Posts flyers and posters in designated areas only; does not post on walls, doors or windows. Knows where the Environment of Care Manual is kept in department; corrects or reports unsafe conditions to the appropriate departments. Protects the physical environment and equipment from damage and theft. The flexibility to orient and work at all UCSF Medical Center locations is required. Equal Employment Opportunity The University of California San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. Further information about the University of California, San Francisco, is available at diversity.ucsf.edu. UCSF seeks candidates whose skills, and personal and professional experience, have prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and excellence, and the communities we serve. LI-AN1