Start a Rewarding Career with Alliant Why Alliant? We’re not a typical financial institution – we’re better. We’re an innovative, fun-loving, highly-engaged group of professionals that are committed to our company and the communities we do business in. We love to recognize and celebrate each other. Over 90% of our employees say we are a great workplace that is focused on our mission, vision and the future of banking. What will your day look like? You will be responsible for responsible for providing consultative service and support to credit union members within Alliant’s branch network. Work involves moderate difficulty in processing financial transactions on member’s accounts, resolving member issues, evaluating and identifying the member’s financial needs with the aid of cross-sell triggers, and originating new accounts or making targeted referrals to internal business partners that result in deeper relationships, high levels of member satisfaction, and increased sales for the Credit Union. Resources to do the job require reliance on technical knowledge of credit union products and policy and compliance with the Patriot Act. Responsibilities What makes you a great fit? Independently handles routine and more complex member inquiries with a goal of first-point-of-contact resolution and limited escalation Processes financial transactions on member’s accounts: deposits, withdrawals, wire transfers, payments, cash-advances, and product and service maintenance. Reviews, qualifies, open and closes deposit accounts and ATM/debit cards Decision fee-refunds within defined relationship parameters Assists management in identifying opportunities to increase service quality and escalates high-level member issues to the Branch Manager and other stakeholders Act as a member advocate at all times and consistently meets or exceeds individual member satisfaction targets within the branch Responsible for meeting and exceeding individual and team relationship sales targets Identify and evaluate member’s financial needs from members within the Sales Tracking and Referral System and recommend the appropriate product solutions and services using needs-based sales techniques Make consumer loan, mortgage, and investment referrals to internal business partners that result in increased balance growth Participates in targeted product campaigns and achieves individual product sales targets for deposit accounts and VISA originations Facilitates member-telemarketing, including new member welcome calls and other targeted campaigns Supports Branch Manager with administrative tasks, including product and system testing, assistance in branch audits, filing, and document destruction May provide back-up for other Front-Line channels, including Member Relations (Telephone) and business development events Participate in employee focus groups Qualifications Do you see yourself doing this? You’ll be a great fit if in addition to the completion of a high school diploma (college preferred), 2 years in banking or customer service, and you have: Previous experience working in a financial institution preferred Excellent verbal and written communication skills Must demonstrate a professional demeanor, proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, and ability to work independently Secondary language skills desirable Experience with Symitar and loan processing systems is a plus When you’re happy, we’re happy! As a thank you for joining our team, you’ll benefit from: Competitive medical, dental, and free vision benefits Competitive compensation plan Contributions towards gym memberships Generous PTO and banking holidays off Still not convinced? We’re on the list of 100 Best Medium Companies to work for, check it out here. For more details you can also visit our Glassdoor and LinkedIn profiles.