Job Summary: This position tests configuration and maintenance activities of the Navitus Benefit Systems Architects (BSA) who are responsible for the smooth functioning of Navitus' pharmacy claims processing system. This position's primary functions involve performing the necessary configuration testing ensuring Navitus is able to set up and maintain a versatile claims adjudication system. This position is also a resource for teams within Navitus and our clients to turn to for advice/guidance on testing related items for NaviClaimRx (NCRx) benefit set up, and downstream processes. The position develops tactical tasks and processes to incorporate client and company initiatives into testing and ensuring the integrity of Navitus' claims processing system. Job Responsibilities: Test system configuration changes to: benefit designs, pharmacy networks, custom clinical programs, formularies and hierarchies Perform work in alignment with the standard processes and procedures of the department Execute batch testing where applicable Mitigate the risk of errant adjudication of claims, especially those with a financial impact to Navitus, members, Clients, or pharmacies through user education and quality monitoring plans Acquire significant understanding of NCRx system and upstream/downstream processes Ensure open lines of communication and strong collaboration and cooperation with other business areas/departments Participate in process improvement initiatives in a way designed to foster team work and maintain an outstanding customer service culture, including internal customers Utilize work flow management tools (such as the Service Desk) that are currently in place Participate in the effort to achieve department service levels as outlined by the Senior Manager, CAT Foster a culture of trust, respect, and honesty Participate in team meetings and project/issue resolution related meetings Provide effective communication of Navitus' vision, mission, values, goals and policies Participate in meetings regarding goals, vision, and strategic plans Ability to travel 5%-10% of time between Navitus campuses Perform other duties as assigned Education: A bachelor's or associate's degree in the field of computer science with focus on Software Testing or Quality Assurance or equivalent work experience is preferred. Certified Pharmacy Technician or ability and willingness to become certified is preferred. Experience: At least 1-3 years of experience with a variety of IT systems in a professional setting. Intermediate level Excel skills are a requirement. Must consistently strive for excellent quality in work and any work being reviewed. Ability to analyze and interpret claims and eligibility issues quickly in a real-time online environment is required. Ability to work well with others is a must. Ability to plan, organize, prioritize, and focus on outcomes without getting lost in the details is also a requirement of this position. Requires high level of initiative and creativity as well as intermediate to expert knowledge of MS Office Suite. Knowledge of Medicare Part D regulatory requirements preferred. Experience in a retail pharmacy setting, with the PBM service industry, and/or knowledge of pharmaceutical claims adjudication systems is preferred. General Skills/Competencies: High degree of initiative and personal accountability Solid prioritization, project, and time management skills to meet deadlines and deliverables Strong verbal/written communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills Business acumen with ability to ask the right questions to understand true business needs Teamwork/Collaboration Customer-centric skills with an ability to understand needs of internal/external customers Commitment to quality Critical-thinking/problem-solving Understanding and coping with constant change Informed judgment and decision-making post-analysis of situation/need Ability to look for explanations without blaming others Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled