Every day at Perspecta, we enable hundreds of thousands of people to take on our nation’s most important work. We’re a company founded on a diverse set of capabilities and skills, bound together by a single promise: we never stop solving our nation’s most complex challenges. Our team of engineers, analysts, developers, investigators, integrators and architects work tirelessly to create innovative solutions. We continually push ourselves—to respond, to adapt, to go further. To look ahead to the changing landscape and develop new and innovative ways to serve our customers. Perspecta works with U.S. government customers in defense, intelligence, civilian, health care, and state and local markets. Our high-caliber employees are rewarded in many ways—not only through competitive salaries and benefits packages, but the opportunity to create a meaningful impact in jobs and on projects that matter. Perspecta’s talented and robust workforce—14,000 strong—stands ready to welcome you to the team. Let’s make an impact together. Perspecta has an immediate need for a Lead Network Engineer in Anaheim, CA. Job Description: This resource will a lead team of highly qualified resources who provide operational and developmental network services covering diverse platforms and technologies. In addition to performing hands on technical service delivery, this resource will also be responsible for managing on-call schedules and coordinating out of office time for the team. This candidate will manage priorities and help set expectations for requests. They will act as an escalation point for other support leaders as well as the client. The Network Team Lead is a resource for performing break/fix resolution on all aspects of the Network. This resource is responsible for leading and driving to resolution of problem management efforts as related to the network. The Network Team Lead is responsible for the design and implementation of change management work related to the network. The network environment consists of the following technologies: Cisco and Enterasys Routers and Switches, Palo Alto and Cisco Firewalls, Aruba and Cisco WLAN, and Cisco Voice services. ualifications: Education and certifications: Bachelors in Computer Science or related field Cisco Certified Design Professional CCIE or similar Palo Alto Firewall Boot Camp. Experience: 10+ Years of Network Architecture, Design and Engineering experience for switches, routers and firewalls 5+ years of this time as a Network Administrator or Support Engineer for a large networked environment with an in-depth understanding of network protocols such as TCP/IP, IPSEC, OSPF, VRRP, Spanning tree, CLI commands and the ability to be the final point of escalation and problem solving 5+ years in leadership or project management. Technical skills and knowledge: Expert knowledge of Cisco, routers and switches, plus having experience with Enterasys Strong knowledge of Palo Alto Networks, plus having experience with Cisco Firewalls Knowledge on Aruba and/or Cisco Wireless Networking Knowledge of Solarwinds for network devices. Additional skills and experience: Ability to communicate clearly with technical and non-technical staff Past experience working in an outsourcing engagement Past experience working with a State/Local government environment Technical Documentation Writer ITIL Knowledgeable. EEO Tagline: Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories