Job Information Job Summary: The Analyst uses a variety of analytical tools and techniques to design analytical solutions for Alumni Relations and Development (ARD) business needs that contribute to ARD’s fundraising and non-fundraising goals. Manages a portfolio of projects involving multiple partner teams that aim to better measure and understand alumni engagement and prospect development. Recommends and helps implement innovative solutions for working with third party applications and digital data across ARD. Responsibilities: Develop and maintain reports, predictive models, and processes, primarily using data extracted from the Griffin database and work with members of ARD to mass upload analytics data into Griffin. Synthesize and prepare reports and presentations for a variety of management purposes to inform decisions and strategy. Communicate with other ARD teams to identify process improvements and growth opportunities. Collaborate with managers and partner teams to manage projects from start to finish. Partner with Information Engagement to assist in the creation of training materials, disseminate best practices, and convene data users. Extract, maintain and analyze data from third-party data sources, joining it to Griffin data to enrich analyses. Use statistical software to query, code, and create custom variables, perform data transformations, and conduct quality assurance and quality control checks. Perform other duties as assigned. Seek opportunities for professional development that will enhance job performance, including building networks within the University and with colleagues at peer institutions. Competencies: Communicate Effectively & With Influence Demonstrate Strategic Agility Build High Performing Team (or be a high performer if individual contributor) Display Emotional Intelligence Ensure Decision Quality, Accountability & Drive Results Additional Requirements Education and Experience: Education: Bachelor's degree or higher is required. Major in statistics, business, social sciences, computer science or similar preferred. Experience: A minimum of two years experience analyzing and synthesizing complex data sets required. Technical Knowledge or Skills: Demonstrated skill and knowledge of, or ability to learn quickly, the internal workings of the University as well as the technology tools available to the Office of Alumni Relations and Development, including Griffin (the University's Donor Relationship Management System), Microsoft Windows computer environment, Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access. Experience producing highly readable, informative reports required. Expertise with a variety of analytical and database software required. Understanding of basic statistics required. Analytics skills required. Experience using statistical software package (e.g. SPSS, SAS, STATA, R) preferred. Working Conditions and Physical Requirements: Willingness and ability to travel to campus and/or non-campus locations for University business. Willingness and ability to work evenings and weekends. Required Documents Resume Cover Letter (NOTE: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application.) Benefit Eligibility Yes Pay Frequency Monthly Pay Range Depends on Qualification Scheduled Weekly Hours 37.5 Union Non-Union Job is Exempt? Yes Drug Test Required? No Does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job? No Health Screen Required? No Posting Date 2018-03-07-08:00 Remove from Posting On or Before 2018-09-07-07:00