One of the nation’s largest and most respected hospital management companies, Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE: UHS) has built an impressive record of achievement and performance. Steadily growing since its inception to an esteemed Fortune 500 corporation, UHS today has annual revenues of $10 billion and 83,000 employees. In 2018, UHS was recognized for the eighth consecutive year as one of the World’s Most Admired Companies by Fortune; and in 2017, ranked 276 on the Fortune 500, and listed 275 in Forbes inaugural ranking of America’s Top 500 Public Companies. Our operating philosophy is as effective today as it was 40 years ago: Build or acquire high quality hospitals in rapidly growing markets, invest in the people and equipment needed to allow each facility to thrive, and become the leading healthcare provider in each community we serve. Headquartered in King of Prussia, PA, UHS has more than 83,000 employees and through its subsidiaries operates more than 320 acute care hospitals, behavioral health facilities and ambulatory centers in the United States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and the United Kingdom. The Corporate IS Department is seeking a dynamic and talented Associate Information Security Analyst. As part of a team of more experienced staff, the Associate Information Security Analyst supports and assists with the implementation and maintenance of UHS applications or systems intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of UHS and affiliates Information Services assets. Monitors the resolution of maintenance or enhancement issues assigned by the UHS Customer Support Center or more senior members of the Information Security Team. Implements modifications to existing applications that will effectively accomplish desired objectives, with guidance from more senior team members. Provides technical support to UHS entities as needed. Meets deadlines and ensures continued progress toward assignment completion. Shares experience with other members of team. Key Responsibilities include: Researches and resolves tickets including major security solution implementations and upgrades. Assists will Risk and Vulnerability Assessment Remediation Assists with Patch Management Remediation Assists with Vendor and Third Party Risk Management Adheres to UHS Service Level and Change Management Policies. Provides on-call support as scheduled. Establishes and maintains regular communications with user community. Regularly meets with users, vendors, and IS staff to develop/modify system specifications. Assists with the implementations of security solutions and prepares the appropriate documentation. Adheres to appropriate UHS Project Management standards. Ensures strict adherence to work plans, reporting all serious deviations to management Assists with the training of users in operating procedures for security solutions. Position Requirements: This position requires a college degree in Computer Science or Information Systems. No working experience is required. Up to one year of Information Technology or Systems experience would enhance the skills and abilities necessary to perform this job. Basic understanding of the following or similar information security technologies: Active Directory Intrusion detection/prevention systems (IDS/IPS) Web filtering Vulnerability scanners Encryption technologies for data at rest and data in transit Mobile device and removable media protection or management systems Forensic analysis Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) systems Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) databases Anti-Virus Device Control Basic understanding of risk assessment and risk management concepts or processes. Basic knowledge of vendor risk and vendor management Basic knowledge of information security best practice standards or frameworks. Basic knowledge of general IS standards and quality methods and metrics. Basic knowledge of project management methods. Has a general familiarity with business practices, concepts and terminology sufficient to support the security applications or systems and communicate effectively with colleagues. Able to prioritize multiple tasks and be details oriented. Excellent communication, interpersonal and project management skills Travel Requirements: Minimal This opportunity provides the following: Challenging and rewarding work environment Growth and development opportunities within UHS and its subsidiaries Competitive Compensation Excellent Medical, Dental, Vision and Prescription Drug Plan 401k plan with company match Generous Paid Time Off UHS is a registered trademark of UHS of Delaware, Inc., the management company for Universal Health Services, Inc. and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Universal Health Services, Inc. Universal Health Services, Inc. is a holding company and operates through its subsidiaries including its management company, UHS of Delaware, Inc. All healthcare and management operations are conducted by subsidiaries of Universal Health Services, Inc. To the extent any reference to "UHS or UHS facilities" on this website including any statements, articles or other publications contained herein relates to our healthcare or management operations it is referring to Universal Health Services' subsidiaries including UHS of Delaware. Further, the terms "we," "us," "our" or "the company" in such context similarly refer to the operations of Universal Health Services' subsidiaries including UHS of Delaware. Any employment referenced in this website is not with Universal Health Services, Inc. but solely with one of its subsidiaries including but not limited to UHS of Delaware, Inc. UHS is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at UHS via-email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of UHS. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by UHS as a result of the referral or through other means.