Join us on our exciting journey! IQVIA™ is The Human Data Science Company™, focused on using data and science to help healthcare clients find better solutions for their patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness advances in healthcare information, technology, analytics and human ingenuity to drive healthcare forward. Those who choose to work with us are joining a recognized global leader — a company uniquely positioned to help clients make the most of market opportunities and respond to challenges that affect global healthcare. We’re committed to blending industry expertise and advanced technology to deliver the most accurate perspectives and in-depth analytics on healthcare dynamics. The key to our success is our people, whose experience, talent, commitment and diversity set the standard for the health information industry. Total Rewards We invest in people through a range of initiatives in compensation, benefits, and learning and development, and we strive to create an environment where our employees are challenged, empowered and can flourish. About Clinical Trial Optimization Solutions IQVIA Clinical Trial Optimization Solutions (CTOS) is the leading provider of Trial Optimization Software Solutions to the Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Industry and is entering a hyper-growth stage. Our flagship products, StudyOptimizer™, the industry’s first enrollment optimization solution for clinical trials, and GrantPlan™, the industry’s leading cost benchmarking and online negotiation tool, provide a solid platform for expansion of our product set. An integrated suite of process automation, predictive analytics, scenario modeling, enterprise data integration and visualization capabilities, our product set significantly reduces clinical trial costs and improves clinical operational efficiencies and effectiveness. Role Summary: Join an entrepreneurial team of talented developers in driving the future of a suite of industry-leading pharmaceutical software products. IQVIA CTOS is in immediate need of an exceptional data architect who can implement creative solutions to enhancements, integrations and performance- boosting for existing products. You will own significant portions of the product and will have significant influence on our strategy by helping define and build the next wave of product features and system architecture. The ideal candidate is passionate about technology, data analytics and bringing insights to users, helping us scale our application across an expanding customer base, and solve interesting problems. Responsibilities: Serve as a top level technical expert on large, complex projects. Analyze clinical, medical, physician/patient data sources, working with SMEs to understand user needs, and architect data integration and maintenance strategies. Defines deliverables, costs and benefits and ROI Design, develop, test, deploy and document core application and analytic capabilities of business performance optimization software product. Work with data scientists, SMEs and engineering to build, deploy and test machine learning algorithms. Collaborate with architects and other engineers to drive and build innovative software solutions, defining best practices and methodologies. Collaborate with cross functional teams for product releases. May have duties instructing, directing, and checking the work of other system engineering personnel. May have quality assurance review responsibilities. Requirements: Bachelors of Computer Science, Engineering or related field. 8+ years of software development experience, with strong understanding of Oracle DBMS, SQL and PL/SQL. 3+ years hands-on experience with Big Data technologies like Hadoop, MongoDB, Spark. Hands-on experience with data warehousing and master data management. Firm understanding of distributed systems, data federation and virtualization. Experience with data acquisition, analysis and incremental integration from various sources. Experience must include building enterprise scale applications in analytic or business intelligence data warehousing area and optimizing large data loads & data analysis for both near-real-time and batch processes. Exposure to information retrieval, statistics or machine learning tools and technologies. Good knowledge of computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, complexity analysis. Good understanding of SDLC and experience in end to end feature development and communicating across cross functional teams. Excellent communications skills Highly innovative, flexible and self-directed, but also a co-operative team player. Nice to have: Experience building customer facing highly scalable and interactive analytic web application. Experience with search frameworks like Solr, ElasticSearch. Experience with graph databases like Neo4j. Basic understanding of core Java and JDBC. IQVIA is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We cultivate a diverse corporate culture across the 100+ countries where we operate, celebrating and rewarding teamwork and inclusiveness. By embracing our differences, we create innovative solutions that are good for IQVIA, our clients, and the advancement of healthcare everywhere.