SUMMARY: Responsible for development activities that include maintaining and creating the Oracle database for Natus product lines MSDS, CMS, VRS and other product lines as they are created. Other duties include the configuration, installation and support of in-house servers and desktops. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Follows coding standards and procedures as configured by the company.This will ensure that the source code is easily maintained and optimized for use by all developers. Follows company standards for source code versioning.Follows accepted practices for versioning and protecting the source code. Works with other employees in a professional manner.Must be able to solve problems and present solutions to problems as they exist. Is responsible for schema object development is staying on the schedule that has been published by supervisor. Must maintain, tune, and optimize Oracle databases in-house and in the field, providing status reports on the database. Must be proficient in PL/SQL in order to create system reports via stored procedures and triggers.Will be expected to learn Natus product line functionality and design to support this effort. Must periodically perform diagnostic tests on Oracle database and perform upgrades to the database to increase stability and /or performance. Will travel to customer sites to work on database as needed.May be required to work weekends or evenings during critical situations. Required to stay current with latest Oracle releases via self study or users group. 10\. Stay up- to- date and follow the Quality System procedures related to this job, which can affect the quality of products or services provided to our customers. Supervisory responsibilities: n/a. QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience Bachelor's degree (B.A.) from four-year college or university; or three to five years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Experience with Oracle versions 8.1.5 or higher - creating Oracle database schemas, objects, indexes, and triggers for at least 3 years. Must have at least 3 years experience with SQL and PL/SQL. Language Skills Ability to read, analyze and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals and technical procedures. Mathematical Skills Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry. Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios and proportions to practical situations. Reasoning Ability Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram or schedule form. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is regularly required to work at a keyboard and computer. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and the ability to adjust focus. The employee is also required to travel time to time for the company, not to exceed 25%. WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet. EEO Statement: Natus Medical is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected status.