Skype brings people together – anytime, anywhere, and on more devices than anyone else. Our team has built the communications fabric that bridges friends, colleagues, and family with immersive video and high quality audio, content sharing across all your devices, and intelligent bots. With over 25% of the world’s long distance calling flowing over our service in addition to the video, text messages, and rich media being shared across the network, we generate more data than almost any communications service on the net. That’s where you come in. Skype transformed the world by bringing video calling to the fingertips of hundreds of millions of people across the globe. As we look to the future, we are building a team to bridge innovation and imagination with deep data science and analytics to build on our culture of Data and Learning and help us iterate quickly on our products, build on our customer’s successes, and learn from our challenges. Come be part of the team turning amazing amounts of data into the insights that shape both our team and the products that bring the world together. We are looking for an experienced Data Science to inspire a team of data scientists and machine learning experts. Responsibilities The Role: Develop the tools to best drive insights across the breadth of the Skype Consumer family of products through both aggregate and real time data streams. Drive a deep understanding of user behaviors across all products and services to empower product managers, designers, and marketers to better target our customers. Explore and build new tools to model, test, and drive innovation across our business and customer experiences. Champion the use of Data Science practices across all aspects of our product and service portfolio and across our business engagements. Help further drive our culture of learning through fostering exploration and discovery You: Have a minimum of 3-5 years of relevant work experience in data-analysis related roles. Are able to break down complex business and technical problems into opportunities for analytical study. Have extensive knowledge and experience in data science including expertise in one or more of: machine learning, big data/data mining, statistics, business/customer intelligence, data modeling, databases, data warehousing, bioinformatics, information theory, or a similar field. Are inherently curious, energized by large challenges, and interested in making a significant impact on a globally scaled business. Demonstrate strong communication and presentation skills, and the ability to work across teams, executives and subject matter experts to drive results. Are a tenacious problem solver that is comfortable with ambiguity. Qualifications Deep expertise in data science with a strong understanding of analytic tools such as R, Python, RapidMiner, SAS, SPSS, & KNIME, and their use across a wide variety of data sets. MS or Ph.D degree required; concentration in Computer science, Data Science, Statistics, Physics, Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, or related field strongly preferred. Hands-on experience with graph modelling and computational network models. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.