Director of Machine Learning Emerging Data Vendor | NYC (Midtown) $180-$210k + Bonus and equity This pioneering data vendor is changing the way buy-side firms collect, process and utilize their data to make long and short term equity decisions. It is a premier career destination for the intellectually curious, wishing to learn, invent and create with precision. Since our founding, we have straddled the line of research and data, digging deep against any seeming binary. Tradition: across industry sectors and abstract technical spaces we apply deep rigor toward financial and business-oriented innovation. In this role, you will play a crucial role in delivering innovative answers to business questions in gorgeous interfaces. You'll take part in building an array of data products, some from scratch and some from a collection of connecting parts. All of them make lever use of experience, data, artificial intelligence, and an unwavering commitment to strong and intuitive design. You'll work with a variety of stakeholders, both internal and external, running the range of analysts, data scientists, sales, portfolio managers, and other vendors. You'll meet the people who are asking for the data, learn about how they use it, and expose it to them in interfaces and mechanisms beyond what they expected. You'll be part of a collaborative team and work jointly with our technology group to maintain a high quality of code, deployed beautifully all in the cloud. This role will start out in an individual contributor capacity but will need to be able to hire, train and scale a team of junior machine learning engineers over the next 12 months. You'll be involved in Applying (high-scale) well-controlled machine learning techniques to automated data pipelines, decision points, and active-learning paradigms Operating and extending the existing platform to deliver production-grade data curation and analysis services Owning end-to-end data workflows and developing deep domain expertise on product development and usage, using data to drive product improvements Helping develop and extend the reach of AI over our product offering You'll need A degree in a quantitative discipline Expertise in statistics and machine learning Strong coding and algorithms skills. Expert programming skills in Python A background using in Tensorflow and Google Cloud Platform Passion for tackling big data challenges in fast-paced environments Soft skills: Team player mentality Ability to think outside the box