Tesla has a terrific opportunity for an Operations Supervisor to join our dynamic Facilities team at our Fremont factory. The Supervisor will be responsible for planning, supervising and coordinating the operations of one or more departments. Duties include formulating policies and procedures, supervising daily operations and planning the use of materials and human resources. This individual must be a team builder with a positive mental attitude and get-it-done mindset. Responsibilities Provide training, mentoring, performance improvement and career development to personnel on shift. Works on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires in-depth knowledge of organizational objectives. Acts as advisor to subordinates to meet schedules, resolve technical problems, and acts as incident commander during facility excursions; manage on-shift escalations. Identifies complex problems and reviews related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions. Verify completion of task execution (PM, SOP, BMS, WO, etc.). Communicates detailed plans for work assignments and is first point of contact for issues that arise on appropriate shift. Reviews activity reports and other performance data to measure productivity and goal achievement. Perform daily tracking of overtime, attendance and man hour performance. Requirements 2 years of college/technical school or equivalent work experience and evidence of exceptional ability. 6+ years of related trade experience supporting manufacturing facilities operations. Knowledge in Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) and LOTO (lock/out- tag/out) protocol. Ability to sit, stand and/or walk for 10+ hours per day. Knowledge in computer and mobile devices. Must be able to lift at least 10-20 lbs. Capable of obtaining OSHA 30 within 3 months of hire. Work in heavy equipment rooms, and power distribution locations. Able to discern audible alarms. Support and/or work shift duties in a 24/7 manufacturing environment. High tolerance of change and fast pace environment. Strong teamwork and communication skills. Apply Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program