Job Description Can you imagine a life where…you couldn’t withdraw money from an ATM? Your local grocery store never re-stocked your favorite food items? You couldn’t redeem that gift card you just received for your birthday? You couldn’t receive medical care because your insurance claim wasn’t processed? Your online orders never get delivered because the shipping company doesn’t know about them? This is what life would be like without enterprise data integration! You might not have realized it, but behind the scenes at any given business there could be many disparate IT applications (e.g. order, transportation, human resources, account & finance) systems that often do not inherently talk to one another. In addition, businesses inherently cannot talk to each other without software that can enable it. This is where the role of integration software comes into play. This software sits in the middle, between disparate IT applications and faces external businesses to enable them to talk to each other electronically. This software solves the simple to complex data routing use cases that are required to get a file from point a to point b. This includes, but not limited to, identifying the content and/or context of the data received, performing various tasks against the data (e.g. encrypting the data, decrypting the data, transforming the data (e.g. XML to JSON format, EDI X12 to flat file format), invoking databases to process the data (e.g. stored procedures), archiving the data to a file share, splitting the data from a batch to individual transactions) and ultimately securely delivering the data to its destination using industry standard communication protocols (e.g. AS2, FTPS, SFTP). CoEnterprise's Enterprise Integration Team helps make all the day-to-day things in your life happen. We connect IT and Business teams with world-class enterprise software that enables seamless and transparent flow of data. In this role, you will be challenged to learn multiple technology disciplines and faced with solving complex business problems using integration technologies. If you’re up for thinking dynamically and solving a variety of real-world problems, then this job is for you! In this role, the Integration Analyst works directly with customers and members of our Business-to-Business (B2B) consulting team to deploy solutions that support our clients’ business and technology needs. The right candidate is a self-starter, complex problem solver, has strong soft skills, and is capable of learning multiple technology disciplines and concepts. The Integration Analyst is trained in the latest technologies, including, but not limited to, a suite of proprietary IBM Business-to-Business and Managed File Transfer products (e.g. Sterling Integrator, Secure Proxy, Control Center, Transformation Extender, Partner Engagement Manager, Connect:Direct). The Integration Analyst also gets broad exposure to areas such as: Virtualized servers (VMWare) Databases (MSSQL, Oracle, DB2) System and port architecture Industry communication protocols (AS2, SFTP, HTTPS) Server operating systems (Linux/Unix, Windows), Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) Managed File Transfer (MFT) concepts Enterprise Application Integration (EAI) concepts Data translation using complex maps (e.g. XML format to JSON) Security standards (PGP/GPG, SSL certificates) Compliance standards (EDI X12, Health Care HIPAA/HL7) Java extensibility The CoEnterprise flagship product Syncrofy And much more The candidate will: Be a key contributor to their assigned project(s) Work collaboratively with clients and project team members to deliver technical project(s) that meet or exceed the client’s needs Work with clients to document their business needs and to translate those requirements into the technology application stack/solution to-be delivered Gain exposure to technology and framework through the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), which includes capturing client requirements, designing a solution that meets their needs, building technical artifacts, testing the system, and deploying the whole package for a successful go-live Create and maintain client deliverables (e.g., design specifications, architecture diagrams, installation guides, status updates) Define, estimate, develop, and test objects Follow tasks as assigned by team leads, proactively communicating concerns or recommendations Provide accurate and proactive time and expense entry and reporting Create, maintain, and report on tasks and due dates Proactively pitch in to help peers and offer support where needed Seek opportunities to improve the organization when there is downtime