Who We Are Are you a curious, collaborative, self-led, resourceful, drive-not-ride type? Join us. When it comes to success, we know we’re only as strong as our team, so we empower our Rain Makers to forge the way—finding opportunity at the intersection of what they love, what we need, and where they thrive. We’re Talking Rain, the maker of Sparkling Ice, and we’re so much more than water. We build flavorful brands that deliver sustainable growth and create a connected community that people embrace, trust and enjoy! Click to learn about us and our careers. You can also follow us on LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter and Facebook. What You’ll Do Our Beverage Technology and Innovation team is proud of where we’ve been, but more interested in where we’re going. This team drives creativity, pushing us to find the next big thing. You’ll be overseeing all our QA and commercialization programs, providing guidance, coaching, and mentoring to our team as you implement best practices and drive a more proactive approach. Champion Total Quality Management (TQM) initiatives by actively focusing on quality awareness & training, consumer-defined quality, product & process specifications, and performance oversight & process improvement. Foster a collaborative culture of trust, accountability and performance, supporting Rain Makers to reach their potential. Define KPIs and targets for pilot productions, trials, qualifications and reassessments. Translate data into actionable information, developing a risk based matrix that assigns resources to commercialization projects. Implement programs to understand consumer product quality expectations, developing processes for measuring adherence to these expectations and delivering product quality from concept to launch. Promote supplier and commercialization improvement, optimization and cost saving opportunities. Support cross-functional teams in assessment and maintenance of relationships with selected suppliers, ensuring an optimized manufacturing process that meets consumer and brand needs. Facilitate cross-functional document management system compliance. This includes technical product specifications (formula analytical specs, packaging specs, bills of materials, quality test plans, and standards), certificates of analysis, trial documents, etc. Assist SQF Practitioner in ensuring that the SQF system is in place and operating sustainably. Communicate SQF practices to all members of team. Ensure that the plant operates according to government and SQF guidelines. Ultimately responsible for food safety and quality. Complete other responsibilities as assigned. Reports to: Senior Manager, Quality Assurance Direct Reports: Copacker Quality Managers (2) What You Bring Your high EQ, or emotional intelligence , enables you to build and foster relationships internally and externally with people of all backgrounds. High energy is one of the first things people notice about you, your enthusiasm is infectious. Your commitment to excellence is second to none, with an exceptionally high attention to detail. You excel at collaborating, and can work independently or as part of a team with individuals and groups of every background. You take initiative , which means you have to be able to prioritize in a fast-paced, ever changing environment. You never quit. As a persevering solution seeker, you’re adept at troubleshooting. Your Background Bachelor’s degree in Chemistry or related field preferred; equivalent experience accepted. Minimum of five (5) years of experience in a food manufacturing environment, ideally with an emphasis on quality. Proficiency with the Microsoft Office suite. Ability to travel up to 50%, accommodating a flexible schedule that occasionally working evenings and weekends. Valid driver’s license with an acceptable driving record. Ability to lift and carry 35 lbs. repetitively and up to 75 lbs. occasionally, as well as to push and pull up to 100 lbs. regularly. [