COMPANY OVERVIEW For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates work towards the goal of enabling our customers to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands. Qualifications Job Summary Neiman Marcus Group has an immediate opening for a Senior Data Scientist reporting to a Director of Advanced Analytics. This position performs data science functions in providing insights into customer behavior to enable decision making relating to promotions, events and marketing programs for all brands both in stores and online. Job Duties Lead data science projects independently while collaborating with team members and multi-organizational stakeholders. Perform hands-on advanced analysis in marketing science and business analytics on big data to promote growth and business development Leverage state-of-the-art data processing tools and/or analytical methodologies to drive improved decisions Support the team in development and/or implement various types of predictive models, natural language processing, segmentation strategies, optimization algorithms, and data mining analyses with a targeted result of increasing revenue Job Requirements Experience in processing and performing multi-faceted analysis with customer/consumer behavior data Experience in developing or enhancing models applying machine learning and artificial intelligence algorithms, statistical analysis, and natural language processing Strong coding skills in SQL; and Python, R, Julia, or Scala. Experience in working with distributed computing i.e. Hive, Apache Spark Experience in working with Unix/Linux environment Knowledge of descriptive analytics and data visualization Exceptional standards for quality and strong attention to detail Experience with full lifecycle agile application development in supporting analytic requirement Ability to manage multiple projects and on-demand business requests simultaneously CASS Primary Location : United States of America-Texas-DALLAS-Dallas-1700 PACIFIC Work Locations : 1700 PACIFIC Neiman Marcus 1700 PACIFIC Dallas 75201 Job : Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations Organization : Corporate Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Employee Status : Regular Job Type : Standard Job Level : Individual Contributor Travel : No Job Posting : Apr 13, 2018, 4:29:14 PM