Essential Duties and Responsibilities: The Product Segment Business Analyst will assist or conduct a variety of basic financial analysis projects for the Product Segment. Performs a variety of routine research and studies on topics that may include price, cost, product mix and sales volume. Prepares routine reports of findings and recommendations to more senior financial analysts or appropriate Manager. Supports strategic planning and analysis throughout the entire Product Segment. Your days will include: _Financial & operational reporting_ – Prepare, analyze and summarize various monthly and periodic reporting and analysis for use by the product segment. _Financial analysis_ – Leverage tools and systems to quickly access data and provide meaningful, concise information. Prepare analyses that identify, evaluate and communicate business results, trends and outlooks. Support the preparation of analysis, commentary and presentation materials for monthly business review meetings including both financial results and business initiatives. _Project support and ad hoc requests_ – Support development and preparation of ad hoc financial and business analytics on numerous revenue and expense areas, return on investment analyses and other projects as assigned. _Process improvement_ – Continuously develop tools/systems and automate processes. Evaluate current processes, identify best practices, develop plans to reach goals and implement improvements that provide more efficient and meaningful business insights. Job Requirements Qualifications: This position requires a minimum of 1 year business analysis, financial analysis and/or financial planning. Business/financial analysis experience with product marketing, logistics, supply chain, inventory management or related role is preferred. Experience with forecasting, budgeting and modeling is preferred. Demonstrated understanding of financial statements including income statement, balance sheet and cash flow. Proven analytical skills are required. Must demonstrate strong attention to detail. Good research and effective communication skills a must. Working knowledge of MicroStrategy, Bex or similar BI tool is preferred. Proficiency with Microsoft office, including skills with Word, Excel and Access is necessary. The ability to multi-task, and manage multiple projects to meet various deadlines simultaneously is required. Troubleshooting, organizational and problem solving skills with a can-do attitude and the ability to adjust to changing requirements are essential. Ability to build and maintain professional relationships with cross-functional teams. Customer service skills, including the ability to manage and respond to different customer situations while maintaining a positive and friendly attitude are essential. Maintaining confidentiality, treating others with respect and upholding Company values are key attributes. Educational Requirements: Bachelor's degree in business, finance, accounting or related, or equivalent experience is required. Work Days: Normal work days are Monday through Friday. Occasional Saturdays and Sundays may be necessary. Work Hours: Normal work hours are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Occasional overtime (more than forty hours per week) may be necessary.