About Us Ascension Technologies is one of the nation’s largest healthcare information technology services organizations. We provide Ascension and its subsidiaries low-cost, high-value IT infrastructure and software application services that: Support rapid and effective clinical decision making Improve efficiency and care transitions Foster information sharing across the continuum of care Make knowledge and data actionable, leading to improved patient outcomes Job Description Job Summary: The Technical Engineering Senior provides technical expertise in one or more information technology disciplines to support the organization's technical infrastructure. The Tech Engineering Senior will be focused on the security operations of the mobile applications program within the Information Security team. Knowledge of mobile operating systems, mobile devices and applications from a security perspective is required. The successful candidate will be responsible for performing risk based analysis, security assessments and testing specific to the mobile application domain. Augmentation and development of procedures related to the operation of the solutions, performing evaluations of vulnerabilities, and providing technical support to other teams. Responsibilities: Responds to user problems by listening, clarifying, and responding effectively. Troubleshoots most application problems independently. Possesses and applies working knowledge of at least one technology environment to address and resolve problems. Analyzes a chain of events and applies technical knowledge following established procedures and/or detailed specifications. Writes fundamental documentation in a clear, concise manner and according to standards. Shares knowledge effectively within the work team. Ensure technology risk considerations are identified and adequately addressed for new mobile application developments, integration and deployment. Compliance of the requirements for mobile applications with IT security standards and policies. Engagements with project managers and developer leads to ensure proper technology risk considerations are addressed at each phase of the system development life cycle (SDLC) and provide proactive solutions to correct exposures or mitigate risk. Security consulting with engineering teams in the areas mobile applications and other new technology initiatives. Performing security assessments of mobile applications such as secure code reviews, application penetration testing and threat modeling/architectural risk analysis. Coordination with business and technology to provide technical risk analysis, threat identification and countermeasure recommendations to balance the level of risk with business requirements to provide optimal solution. Keep abreast of new threats and vulnerabilities to mobile applications and the industry to provide proactive solutions. Develop procedures related to the operation and continuous improvement of the mobile application security program. Assist with the continual improvement and innovation in the mobile security process Assist with reports demonstrating regular vulnerability scanning and vulnerability remediation statistics Perform ad-hoc vulnerability assessments and tests of mobile applications as necessary Perform other essential mobile security oriented duties as assigned Qualifications Education: Bachelor's degree preferred or equivalent experience Work Experience: Seven years of experience preferred. Preferred skills: Strong mobile application background, including both hardware and software technologies Detailed knowledge of system security vulnerabilities and remediation techniques. Strong understanding of mobile and web application security including various vulnerability assessment and testing methodologies and solutions. Strong knowledge of software development/deployment methodologies in web/mobile based environments. Knowledge of web services and service oriented architectures and related protocols such as HTTP/SOAP as well as WAP/WTLS. Knowledge of mobile application development for both iOS and Android platforms. Must be able to understand detailed technical procedures, projects, SDLC and Web Development Architecture, Ethical Hacking Process etc Willingness and interest to research and learn about threats and vulnerabilities that may be applicable to mobile applications. Understanding of information security and risk analysis processes. Strong written and verbal communication skills. CISSP, CEH or other technical security certifications. Equal Employment Opportunity Ascension Technologies is an EEO/AA Employer M/F/Disability/Vet. Please click the link below for more information. http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf EEO is the Law Poster Supplement http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/ofccp_eeo_supplement_final_jrf_qa_508c.pdf E-Verify Statement Ascension Technologies participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information. E Verify (link to E-verify site)