Job Code 384159 IT Sr Specialist Duties & Responsibilities Harvard University Information Technology (HUIT) is a community of Information Technology professionals committed to understanding our users and devoted to making it easier for faculty, students, and staff to teach, research, learn, and work through the effective use of information technology. We are recruiting an IT workforce that has both breadth in their ability to collaborate and innovate across disciplines – and depth in specific areas of expertise. HUIT offers opportunities for IT professionals to learn and work in a unique technology landscape and service-focused environment. If you are a technically proficient, nimble, user-focused and accountable IT professional who also connects with the importance of collaborating well in a team environment we are looking for you! Principal Duties and Responsibilities: Designing and implementing an overall automation framework for all on-premise and multi-cloud infrastructure Mentoring through hands on peer sessions with ITS DevOps team members Implementing automation standards across past, present and future cloud and on-premise application Performing analysis and development to support Infrastructure Automation, CI/CD, IaaS, PaaS, and Enterprise Security Providing subject matter expertise on DevOps practices and Cloud technologies Participate with other HUIT Architects in designing solutions and resolving issues The candidate for this position should possess: Passion for problem solving and improving the technical environment by automating process in a sustainable way using new or existing technologies Deep understanding and behavior aligning to DevOps and Lean / Agile mindsets Excitement about staying knowledgeable of new IT approaches and ability to work well with others to ensure new solutions will work within the Harvard environment An adaptive style that is flexible and effective in gaining cooperation of others across Harvard, seeking out feedback to improve solutions and remaining unbiased toward a specific technology or vendor A strong hands-on work style that is results-oriented, pragmatic, multi-tasking, and embracing of high quality standards We are transitioning to an Agile, multi-Cloud, and DevOps model using integrated teams, as such the candidate for this position must be a team player and able to earn the respect of colleagues from multiple technology disciplines including database, application and system administrators, network engineers, architects, developers and business associates. Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree in business, computer science, information systems or related discipline, or equivalent and extensive related technical experience. 6 years of development or operations experience required. Additional Qualifications In-depth knowledge with various scripting languages including Powershell and python Working skills using Jenkins, Ansible and Ansible Tower, Github or Artifactory preferred. Deep understanding and direct knowledge on software scalability and stability techniques for Oracle, Windows and Linux-based software in Cloud and on Prem Experience supporting systems in private data centers, public or private clouds, and/or hybrid cloud environments 2 years of experience as a DevOps technical lead preferred. Additional Information Please note: Harvard University requires pre-employment reference and background screening. Harvard University Information Technology is unable to provide work authorization and/or visa sponsorship. This position has a 180-day orientation and review period. Please note, there are two cloud automation positions posted. One is a grade 59 cloud automation architect (requisition 46138) and the other is a grade 58 cloud automation engineer (requisition 46636). Only one hire will be made, dependent on the candidate’s experience. Harvard offers an outstanding benefits package including: Time Off: 3 - 4 weeks paid vacation, paid holiday break, 12 paid sick days, 11.5 paid holidays, and 3 paid personal days per year. Medical/Dental/Vision: We offer a variety of excellent medical plans, dental & vision plans, all coverage begins as of your start date. Retirement: University-funded retirement plan with full vesting after 3 years of service. Tuition Assistance Program : Competitive tuition assistance program, $40 per class at the Harvard Extension School and discounted options through participating Harvard grad schools. Transportation : Harvard offers a 50% discounted MBTA pass as well as additional options to assist employees in their daily commute. Wellness options: Harvard offers programs and classes at little or no cost, including stress management, massages, nutrition, meditation and complimentary health services. Harvard access to athletic facilities, libraries, campus events and many discounts throughout metro Boston. Join Harvard University Information Technology (HUIT) to assure Harvard’s leadership in IT! More about HUIT: Harvard University Information Technology (HUIT) is responsible for the strategy, planning, and delivery of information technology across the University. Mission: To assure Harvard’s leadership in IT: We strive to make it easier for faculty, students, and staff to teach, research, learn, and work through the effective use of information technology. Values: User-focused Collaborative Innovative Open Job Function Information Technology Sub-Unit \- Location USA - MA - Cambridge Department Infrastructure Technology Services Time Status Full-time Union 00 - Non Union, Exempt or Temporary Salary Grade 059 Pre-Employment Screening Criminal, Identity EEO Statement We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.