Are you a detail-oriented multi-tasker? Are you solid as a rock when you're juggling a lot of projects? We're looking for someone like that to: Manage engineering and environmental due diligence activities while working with a network of UBS approved 3rd party firms (including retention, scope definition, monitoring for quality and schedule, deliverable review, and interpretation of technical results for non-technical internal client groups) Provide oversight and direction to outside architects, engineers, construction professionals on large capital projects in support of asset management investment goals. This will involve handling multiple projects while interfacing with diverse management styles. Perform as needed on-site inspections of existing assets, potential acquisitions as well as projects under construction. For ongoing construction, review consultant recommendations and the underlying developer/contractor request for disbursements. Negotiate construction and professional services contracts. Develop policies, procedures and protocols aimed at providing superior advisory services to internal clients. Perform technical evaluations of buildings systems, components, materials and construction methodologies as necessary to support achievement of real estate investment goals. Become proficient in internal systems relative to job function including document retention and professional services accounts payable systems. Some travel required. You'll be the San Francisco located member of the Real Estate Engineering & Environmental team based in our corporate office in Hartford, CT. You have: Bachelors in Engineering or Architecture. Licensed Engineer or Registered Architect. Twelve+ years professional experience with building design and / or construction industry and / or real estate investment environment in a similar role. The individual must be proficient at communicating, both orally and in writing, with various levels inside and outside UBS Realty Investors. The ability to work collaboratively and foster a team environment. The ability to listen carefully, ask questions to clarify expectations and build trusting relationships. Must be self-motivated with excellent planning and organizational skills. Ability to move multiple projects ahead in an organized manner is an essential skill. Time management skills to effectively prioritize work in order to consistently meet deadlines A strong understanding of the functions and responsibilities of various business areas of UBS Real Estate will need to be developed. Position requires working in the San Francisco office with travel to major United States cities, primarily on the West Coast. Travel to the main office in Connecticut for the purpose of training and orientation will be more often during the first (6) six months to a year depending on background and experience. Expert advice. Wealth management. Investment banking. Asset management. Retail banking in Switzerland. And all the support functions. That's what we do. And we do it for private and institutional clients as well as corporations around the world. We are about 60,000 employees in all major financial centers, in more than 50 countries. Do you want to be one of us? Together. That’s how we do things. We offer people around the world a supportive, challenging and diverse working environment. We value your passion and commitment, and reward your performance. Keen to achieve the work-life agility that you desire? We're open to discussing how this could work for you (and us). Why UBS? Video Are you truly collaborative? Succeeding at UBS means respecting, understanding and trusting colleagues and clients. Challenging others and being challenged in return. Being passionate about what you do. Driving yourself forward, always wanting to do things the right way. Does that sound like you? Then you have the right stuff to join us. Apply now. UBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce.