Job Description: The Sales Analytics and Reporting team is responsible for delivering informational reports and analytical insights about sales performance to T-Mobile Leadership and the sales field. The Senior Business Analyst is responsible for gathering, validating, documenting reporting requirements and developing reports, as well as performing analysis to arrive at insights. The Senior Business Analyst also participates in larger T-Mobile projects and initiatives and provides requirements and suggestions based on Sales Channel data needs. This position works closely with the Sales Leadership and various other departments within T-Mobile. Responsibilities: Enterprise Core Competencies Requires competency in customer focus, change & innovation, strategic thinking, relationship building & influencing, talent management, results focus and inspirational leadership. Essential Functions Familiar with Sales business processes Ownership of decision support tools including the design, implementation, and end-user training Ability to analyze data to identify sales trend and key drivers, including promotion lift analysis and post-mortems Discovery and design of new reports; ad hoc reporting as needed Work closely with Senior management to define new analysis/reporting initiatives Cross-training as backup to other members on the team Detail oriented and insightful approach to data analysis, and reporting Committed to providing, world-class service to our partners and customers Proven ability to prioritize competing needs of multiple, rapidly evolving initiatives Ability to work in a highly collaborative team environment Demonstrated leadership ability Excellent verbal and written communication skills Flexibility to travel (depending on assignment) Able to work independently with limited supervision Qualifications: Minimum 2 years’ experience in a Business Analysis and/or Reporting Analysis role Intermediate computer skills (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Project, Outlook, Visio) Intermediate experience with SQL (MS SQL Server, Teradata) Preferred Ability to design new technical solutions to enhance existing reports and tools Ability to draw conclusions, escalate issues and formulate recommendations Ability to analyze data and present findings and recommendations to Senior management Ability to apply data analysis to real-world business situations Proven ability to conceptualize from Big Picture down to detail level Proven ability to work effectively with Senior and Executive level management Knowledge of relational database, data modeling, systems design and integration PowerBI or Tableau experience a plus Wireless industry experience Financial reporting experience Project Management experience Software development experience Experience with enterprise software applications (POS, CRM, SAP, Content Management & Publishing, Billing Systems Education Bachelor’s Degree Preferred. Additional relevant work experience may be accepted in lieu of degree Minimum Qualifications: • At least 18 years of age.• Legally authorized to work in the United States.• High School Diploma or GED.• Pre-employment background screen. Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.