Junior Systems Administrator \- (18001168) COMPANY OVERVIEW: Access Dental Services and STX Healthcare Management Services is on a journey of significant growth which involves providing business and professional management services to Dentists. The organization is focused on moving from a regional player in the Dental Services Organization (DSO) industry to a National competitor segmented into multiple regions under multiple brands. The company will experience significant growth primarily through acquisitions representing well over 150 dental offices throughout North America. Our regional brands of will represent our mission to provide cost effective quality of care. We offer an exceptional value package that includes comprehensive benefits, including: Healthcare, Vision, Dental plans Free Life Insurance Free Employee Assistance Plan Short and Long term disability FMLA FSA Paid Holidays PTO 401k JOB TITLE: Junior Systems Administrator CORE FUNCTION: This position is a non-exempt technical position that will span all aspects of the IT support function at STX Healthcare. The Systems Administrator is responsible for maintaining many aspects of the company's IT system, including Desktop, Windows Servers, and software support. This position is based at our corporate office at 4101 McEwen Road, Dallas, TX 75244. The schedule is Monday through Friday with some Saturdays. CANDIDATE PROFILE: Minimum of 1 year of IT technical support experience. Ability to travel up to 50% of the time, between Dallas/Fort Worth offices and other locations as deemed necessary. Hardware and software experience with the ability to trouble-shoot and configure systems on the company platform. Experience required with: Operating systems from XP to Server 2008 and Active Directory Services LAN administration, DNS, DHCP Microsoft Outlook and Microsoft Exchange Server WIFI wireless networks IP Telophony Experience preferred with: Firewalls, VPN's and VLAN's VM Ware Linux Commitment to continuing education and remaining up-to-date in the technology marketplace Credibility; capability of generating a high degree of respect and trust rapidly from the various operating units, as well as from the corporate staff, investors, and clients. Excellent analytical, planning, and communication skills We are an equal opportunity employer Primary Location United States-Texas-Dallas Job Information Technology FLSA Status Non-Exempt Schedule Full-time Shift Day Job Job Type Standard Travel Yes, 50 % of the Time Job Posting Jul 16, 2018, 12:19:42 PM