WHY DO WE LOVE COMING TO WORK EVERY DAY? With over 10,000 superstars across 48 different countries globally, it is hard not to be inspired every single day. At Finastra we celebrate in global knowledge sharing, diversity and an opportunity to make a difference for each other and for our customers. We are on a journey. After bringing two global Fintech leaders together in June 2017, Finastra has truly recognized the opportunity and power we have, by combining our expertise, successes and passion together. Whether it is in a collaboration hub or innovating with colleagues across our global landscape, we are one team creating a network of talent and creativity in a stimulating environment, to do what we can to make a difference for our customers. Our people are leaders in their role and are always looking for new ways to help our customers grow, compete and optimize their business. From a graduate Software Engineer to an experienced Sales Executive – we are looking for personal leadership and people with the appetite to understand the markets and customers we serve. We drive innovation that challenges the status quo and feel proud of the positive differences that we make every day. We recognize talent and provide a work environment where leaders can drive results , develop and grow their careers. Success is what you do, success is what we achieve, together. The future of Finance is open – combine your talents with Finastra opportunities to create an exciting career with us. _For more information, visit Finastra.com_ __ What will you contribute? The Business Consultant is responsible for working with clients and internal Finastra departments to implement Commercial Lending Origination Systems. The Senior Consultant participates in requirement sessions as a subject matter expert for complex business system configuration and enhancements. Responsibilities & Deliverables: Your deliverables will include, but are not limited to, the following: Liaisons between development, product teams, project managers and clients across multiple projects. Elicits, gathers, interprets, analyzes, and documents functional requirements. Utilizes data gathered and follow up review sessions to confirm understanding of client needs. Defines and/or assist client with establishing business rules based on client’s business practices and processes. Participates in the definition of test case planning and execution. Plans and in some cases, manages pre-release validation of systems, inclusive of 3rd party banking integrations. Utilizes experience, industry, and software knowledge to suggest alternative solutions that meet client requirements more efficiently. Maintains internal and external collaborative relationships Provides on-site or remote support during requirements gathering and/or client installation as applicable. Manages internal and external expectations on multiple projects. Recommends best practices, reviews setup with clients, and gains client acceptance. Supports clients through the project life cycle. Presents clients with demos and training sessions featuring new functionality. Create business process flows, manage changes and provide subject matter expertise. Required Experience: Bachelor’s Degree and 4+ years in a similar role or an equivalent combination of education and experience 3+ years experience in requirements elicitation Software implementation, support, or training experience in the Lending industry or experience working with a commercial and/or personal lending origination system from the bank, credit union or other financial institution side. Strong understanding of Lending process and workflow Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong collaboration, prioritization, organization, and adaptability skills Ability to communicate with all levels (internal and external clients) with a high level of professionalism Ability to work alone and within a team with direction but without direct supervision Ability to multi-task Works well under pressure and maintains deadlines Familiar with SQL and databases General understanding of programming concepts Strong Critical Thinking and Problem Solving skills Commercial Lending experience is a plus Experience with Finastra products is a plus LI-MG1 __ The above statements describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to disability please contact us at 800-274-7280. The Future is Collaborative . The Future is Open. The Future is Now.