Scoop brings co-workers and neighbors together to enjoy a smooth carpooling experience—unlocking new opportunities to create friendships, improve their well-being, and make the most of their valuable time. Engineering @ Scoop Few companies get to face such diverse technical challenges as Scoop, and we’ve built a team of people excited to face these challenges together while investing in each others’ growth. Scoop’s engineering team may move bits and pixels, but we also put real, live human beings in cars together. We’re touching problems academics have written about for years, and have data that no other company has ever collected. But Scoop knows engineering is not a lone discipline. We’re a small team with varied backgrounds: big companies, VC-backed startups, bootcamps, academia. We like to build together, and we like to learn together. Our entire team and process are built around helping you grow and be successful. And we’d love to tell you more about the impact you could have at Scoop. In this role, you will: Architect, develop, and deploy infrastructure on which data moves Operationalize machine learning—from research into fault-tolerant, production-scale deployments Apply grit and inventiveness, both in writing new software and also deploying existing tools like Airflow, Spark Work closely with data scientists and Scoop’s product team to understand their needs and create a platform that empowers them You should: Have experience with building and deploying large scale ETL pipelines Previously have worked in a data-driven company Know the many pain points of AWS Be proficient in Python and/or Scala Life @ Scoop Some easy math: what do you get when you take a few Bay Area commuters, a few cute office dogs, and the idea of carpooling? You get Scoop, the company that bring commuters together in carpools they love by partnering with their employers. Scoop unlocks new opportunities to make friendships, improve your well-being, and make the most of your valuable time. Our team mixes technology and elbow grease every day, with one statistic in our crosshairs: 80% of Americans drive alone to work, wasting valuable minutes every morning. A big problem? Sure, but we know we can crack it through our talents, partnerships, and the Scoop Community that’s already exploding. Our culture is open and honest, but considerate and respectful. We lead with positive energy and bet on ourselves and Scoop every day. We’re defined by the moments we share: show-and-tells, company camping, and eating way too many cookies. We come from many backgrounds: successful start-ups, big tech companies, and premier consulting firms. But whether we walked into Scoop with a tie or a t-shirt, we’re all united by a dream to change the way people get to work.