At Presidio, we think, architect, implement and support the practical reality of IT every day. We bring together the best minds in the industry to deliver IT excellence and support the answers to our clients’ IT challenges. As one of the largest IT-as-a-Service solution providers in the U.S., we combine experience and stability with regional expertise and the unique ability to cover local and global business needs. For more information about Presidio visit our website at www.presidio.com. Presidio is seeking candidates for a Technical Specialist I to work overnights within our Managed Services division. This position will be primarily focused on receiving incoming support requests from Presidio clients. This is an ideal position for an individual that is looking to gain more experience in the IT field. Presidio provides all employees with a Career Plan that is specifically designed from the individuals’ strengths and interests for future growth within the company. Key Responsibilities: Provide over the phone and remote technical support to Presidio clients including hardware, software, and customer line of business applications. Create or assist in the creation of documentation both internal and external. Provide excellent customer service, including but not limited to: Follow-up, Friendly Demeanor, Exceeding Customer Expectations. Other duties and responsibilities as directed by the Service Desk Manager. Obtain certification and/or maintain current certifications on various product offered by Presidio. (Within 1 year of employment; MCSA - Administering Window Server 2012 and MCSA- Windows 10 certificates completed.) Required Skills: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience and/or military experience Minimum of 1+ years of experience working in IT professional services, service desk, or call center environment. 2 year degree in a computer related field is preferred. Ability to handle multiple tasks in fast paced environment. Strong work ethic and problem solving skills. Experience supporting Microsoft Windows OS 7 or higher. Experience supporting Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Visio, Lync). Experience with Microsoft servers and Active Directory administration is preferred. Experience with Antivirus Software is preferred. Experience with DHCP, DNS and general network troubleshooting is a preferred. Knowledge of Smartphones and tablets (iPad, Android, Blackberry, etc.) is a plus. Experience with a managed services provider is a plus. Experience with Kaseya and/or ServiceNow is a plus. Presidio, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer/ VEVRAA Federal Contractor. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for this position regardless of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, sex, citizenship, ethnicity, veteran status, marital status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state and local statutes, regulations and ordinances. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, please visit: https://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf If you have any difficulty using our online system and need an accommodation in the job application process due to a disability, please send an email to recruitment@presidio.com for assistance. Presidio, Inc. is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor requesting priority referrals of protected veterans for its openings. State Employment Services; please provide priority referrals to recruitment@presidio.com RECRUITMENT AGENCIES PLEASE NOTE: Presidio has a strict PSL in place and will only accept applications from agencies/business partners that have been invited to work on this role through the Presidio portal. Candidate Resumes/CV's not submitted through the Presidio portal or submitted directly to Hiring Managers will be considered unsolicited and will be treated as gifts and no fee will be payable. Thank you for your cooperation. LI-KF1 CB_DM