Global Eagle is a leading provider of satellite-based broadband connectivity, television and entertainment services, content and data analytics to aviation, maritime, enterprise and government markets. Global Eagle offers a fully integrated portfolio of rich media content and high-speed connectivity solutions for airlines, private jets, cruise lines, commercial ships, super- yachts, ferries, enterprise, government and military installations worldwide with proprietary performance-enhancing technologies and exclusive access to premium media. With 1,500 employees on six continents and leading global satellite and ground networks, the company delivers exceptional service and concierge support to its customers. Find out more at www.globaleagle.com Role Summary _Data is a vital asset to Global Eagle (GEE) as it transforms itself into a globally integrated organization. The Enterprise Data Architect is a hands-on practitioner sitting in the Enterprise Data Services organization partnering with Enterprise Architecture, other IT peers and business stakeholders to define and execute an enterprise data architecture and design that supports the organization’s business strategy._ _Global Eagle is transforming its applications and data layers to better control the acquisition, validation, quality and distribution of data across GEE’s many mission critical applications and legacy systems. The Enterprise Data Architect will set the overall data architecture and design for GEE and lead efforts that build components of architecture ensuring movement towards the defined future state. This role will architect, design and lead implementation of data models, meta-data models, data flows as well as data services in alignment with Enterprise Architecture standards._ _This role will have extremely deep, hands-on expertise in data architecture, design and implementation of Data Lake, Data Warehouse (cloud), Business Intelligence, MDM, Meta Data management and System Interfaces. We are looking for an enthusiastic and energetic leader who is self-driven, results-oriented and has working knowledge of key functional areas such as Finance, Supply Chain, and Sales & Marketing – preferably in media/entertainment settings; and deep knowledge of data architecture best practices to support them. Reporting to Sr. Director of Enterprise Data Services this role is key lead player for the organization._ Key Responsibilities In collaboration with Sr. Director of Enterprise Data Services, define and implement the strategy and roadmap for Data and Analytics platforms including the Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW), Enterprise Data Lake, Enterprise Data Analytics and Enterprise Data Service platforms. Create overall data architecture roadmap and work with other architects and business stakeholders to aggressively transition to the future state. Collaborates with other IT departments to ensure delivery of solutions and data integration with GEE architecture and quality standards. Lead the development of data requirements, principles, models and designs for the future-state data architecture, data flows and data services based on a solid understanding of GEE’s business requirements. Lead plan and programs to develop and maintain the enterprise data architecture across the organization. Lead efforts to report and improve business performance through data-centric solutions and capabilities. Work on highly complex projects that require in-depth knowledge across multiple architecture domains. Prepare conceptual and logical subject area models and implementation-level details. Develop and communicate data architectural policies, standards, guidelines, and procedures. Explain and advocate data technology strategy. Aligns data strategy with business goals. Develop a communication plan for data architecture at the enterprise level. Provide data strategic consultation to business and IT leaders. Ensure recommendations are based on business relevance, appropriate timing, and deployment. Monitor compliance related guidelines, regulatory guidelines and emerging industry standards to determine their impacts on Enterprise Data architecture. Participate in the Enterprise Architecture review board and ensures that data service solutions are compliant with target-state architecture models. Manage exceptions to data architectural standards at an enterprise level. Consult with project teams to fit projects to enterprise data architecture, as well as to identify when it is necessary to modify the enterprise data architecture. Advise on options, risks, costs versus benefits, system impacts, and technology priorities. Work with Director of Enterprise Data Service to drive the Data governance processes. Direct the research and evaluation of emerging data technology, industry, and market trends. Approve data technology tools and components used within the enterprise. 10% domestic and/or international travel may be required. In addition, you will also be able to demonstrate: You have experience working in partnership with external consultants and strategic technology partners You can demonstrate effectiveness at driving short-term actions that are consistent with long-term goals You have a deep understanding of current industry-standard data architecture, platforms and solutions that support global businesses and experienced in applying current and emerging technology trends (e.g. Big Data) You will have superb social skills, be excellent at influencing and motivating individuals and teams, and be able to communicate high level concepts to senior leaders You are self-motivated, with a "can do" attitude and an ability to make progress when faced with ambiguity Experience in working across cultures, in different countries Passion for progress, however, hold strong opinions lightly. Qualifications/Experience Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information systems, computer engineering, system analysis, or a related field, or equivalent work experience. A minimum of 15 years of experience in IT, with at least 10 years in information systems design and implementation of Data Warehouse (cloud and on-prem), BI, Data Lake, Data Integration, MDM etc. is required. Hands-on experience with a Hybrid Big Data ecosystem is highly desirable. Understanding of AWS Cloud-hosted data solutions and Snowflake is preferred. 3 to 5 years’ experience as data analyst is highly desirable. Knowledge of Oracle OBIEE, Oracle ODI and Hyperion EPM products is desirable. Knowledge of Oracle EBS, Sales Force, Oracle HCM, Contract management products would be plus. System integration experience, including data interface design, ELT, ETL, Virtualization, SOA, API etc. Expertise in data-modeling and information classification expertise. Understanding of common information architecture frameworks and information models. Ability to assess rapidly changing technologies and apply them to business needs. Ability to analyze project, program and portfolio needs and to accurately determine the resources needed. Knowledge of problem analysis, structured analysis and design, and programming techniques. Excellent communicator and collaborator across multiple technical and business stakeholders and leaders. Excellent facilitation and presentation skills. Track record of remaining unbiased toward specific technologies or vendors. Strategic thinker, keeping big picture in mind while ensuring execution excellence. Comfortable working in a global, highly-matrixed and fast paced IT environment. Work Conditions Overtime hours as required. Sitting for extended periods of time. Dexterity of hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse and other computer components. Lifting and transporting of moderately heavy objects, such as computers, devices, and peripherals. Be flexible with seating arrangements. Please note : Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.