Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; Ann Arbor, MI, USA; Austin, TX, USA; Chapel Hill, NC, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; New York, NY, USA; Reston, VA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; Washington, DC, USA The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners. The Google Cloud training team develops and delivers Google Cloud Platform (GCP) product and solution training to thousands of partners, customers and developers, and has ambitious plans to quickly grow both the range and reach of the training on offer. The training is delivered through a mix of internal trainers and external training partners. As a Technical Trainer on the team, you'll deliver training to strategic and/or confidential customers/partners and to Google Cloud internal teams. You'll take standard training content and, if required, create more tailored content (e.g. different depths and time-lengths) for different target audiences. You will provide from-the-field feedback to the training content development team on what changes need to be made to the training to ensure ongoing high impact. In the classes that you teach, you will validate the correctness of the materials, set appropriate expectations before and during the class, and ensure learner satisfaction with the scope and depth of what is covered. In addition to delivering training, a core part of your role will be to evaluate, audit and potentially coach other trainers, in particular external trainers that work at our training partners. Finally, you will work towards continually improving the scale, depth, and quality of Google Cloud Platform Training experience. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Deliver superb technical training experiences covering topics such as Cloud based programming (i.e. Python/Java) and data science (statistics/ETL/machine learning) to diverse audiences (e.g. partners, customers, Googlers etc). Evaluate, train, audit and coach other trainers (internal instructors as well as external training companies). Provide direct field feedback to the Curriculum Development team on content being delivered and act as a subject matter expert on new content or existing content as/when required. Participate in training planning conversations with strategic customers/partners and work on tailoring content for those audiences as required. Travel up to 50% of the time globally, as required. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related field or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience conducting training for a technology group, within a company with a large technology workforce, or for a public training provider. Experience in programming (Python/Java) and data science (statistics/ETL/machine learning). Preferred qualifications: Experience in one or more of the following; Stack Overflow, open-source projects and/or authoring of magazine articles and books. Experience mentoring Developers - adopting new technologies. Experience assisting with the creation, maintaining and/or delivering technical content in a fast-moving technology area. Experience providing training to a diverse set of partners, customers, and to diverse audiences including software developers as well as less technically-proficient professionals. Comfortability with working in a fast-growing, dynamic and sometimes ambiguous environment. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.