Agilent inspires and supports discoveries that advance the quality of life. We provide life science, diagnostic and applied market laboratories worldwide with instruments, services, consumables, applications and expertise. Agilent enables customers to gain the answers and insights they seek ---- so they can do what they do best: improve the world around us. Information about Agilent is available at www.agilent.com. Agilent Technologies has an opportunity for an HR Compensation and Benefits Analyst, participating in the development and implementation of Agilent's compensation and benefits strategies and programs. This individual will conduct analysis and support senior management for strategic decision-making. Accuracy, attention to detail, and strong financial analytical skills are critical. Essential Functions: Develop sophisticated data analyses, present them in a clear, meaningful manner to Senior Managers, effectively answer questions, and justify conclusions. Conduct ongoing analyses for current compensation and benefit programs to support program execution. Proactively manage and coordinate analyses with various partners (e.g. Finance and HR, etc.). Participate in cross-department projects and initiatives as needed Requirements: Highly analytical with demonstrated expertise in Excel for reporting and analytics. Experience creating and analyzing various finance/cost models and "what if" scenarios. Exhibit a high level of reliability and responsibility. Time management skills. Deadlines must be met for major corporate programs (e.g. annual wage review process) to be administered globally. Develop strong relationships with clients and colleagues to better understand business needs and identify collaborative "win-win" solutions. Demonstrate sound judgment in escalating issues and reconciling data. Candidate Qualifications A Bachelor's degree or equivalent with a focus in finance/business, accounting, mathematic/statistics or economics. 4+ years of Finance or HR Compensation/Benefits (or related field) experience. General understanding of Financial and Accounting concepts. Demonstrated ability to analyze and interpret financial data. Comfortable juggling multiple projects and priorities simultaneously. Strong interpersonal skills. Excellent attention to detail. Agilent Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We value diversity at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, pregnancy, race, religion or religious creed, color, gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, registered domestic partner status, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state, local law, ordinance, or regulation and will not be discriminated against on these bases. For more information about equal employment opportunity protections, please view the 'EEO is the Law' poster available here https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf Agilent Technologies, Inc., is committed to diversity in the workplace and strives to support candidates with disabilities. If you have a disability and need assistance with any part of the application or interview process or have questions about workplace accessibility, please contact +1-262-754-5030 (US and Canada only) or email job_posting@agilent.com. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled