About DENSO DENSO is one of the largest global automotive suppliers of advanced technology, systems and components in the areas of thermal, powertrain control, electronics and information and safety. From automated driving to hybrid and electric vehicle components, we’re crafting the core technologies of modern mobility. We draw on the strengths of individual inventors who are joining together to become an unstoppable force for global good. With our North American headquarters located in Michigan, DENSO employs more than 23,000 people at 28 consolidated subsidiaries and 4 affiliates across the North American region. Worldwide, the company has more than 200 subsidiaries and affiliates in 38 countries and regions and employs more than 150,000 people. Consolidated global sales for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2017, totaled US$40.4 billion. As a Software Engineer you will be part of a small R &D Innovation team developing products and services utilizing future technology. We are looking for a candidate to work with us on innovative products and services inside and outside the vehicle spectrum. Candidate must be creative and collaborative. If you're passionate about building technologies that are going to make a difference in the future, this could be the right job for you! What you'll be doing: Develop software for a variety of automotive applications, including infotainment systems, AR, heads-up display and haptic devices. Develop optimized software to run on variety of platforms and environments including mobile, tablet and laptops. Develop innovative solutions for challenging problems with scalable, production quality software. Work with internal cross functional teams to develop a working model or PoC (proof of concept). Work with customers to build integrations and troubleshoot issues. Learn constantly and dive into new areas with unfamiliar technologies. DENSO will not provide any US immigration sponsorship for this position BS in Computer Science or Computer Engineering. 2-4 years of experience as a software engineer. Strong development experience in C, C , Java. Developing systems applications on Linux/Android. Comfortable in Python language. Experience or knowledge in Artificial Intelligence Ability to take ideas from concept to prototype. Ability to vet technical requirements from cross-functional R&D groups. Ability to work in cross-functional teams with a strong sense of self-direction. Pro-active attitude.