Aruba, a Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, is a leading provider of next- generation networking solutions for the mobile enterprise: http://www.arubanetworks.com/company/about-us. The company designs and delivers Mobility-Defined Networks that empower IT departments and GenMobile, a new generation of tech-savvy users who rely on their mobile devices for every aspect of work and personal communication. To create a mobility experience that GenMobile and IT can rely upon, Aruba Mobility-Defined Networks™ automate infrastructure-wide performance optimization and trigger security actions that used to require manual IT intervention. The results are dramatically improved productivity and lower operational costs. Aruba is a leading WLAN / WIFI Networking company, part of Silicon Valley Tech Powerhouse HP Enterprises. Our Cloud based Network Management products provide cutting edge solutions to provision, manage and monitor complex networking deployments for enterprise customers. These cloud based solutions cater our customers globally. Who You Are We are looking for a seasoned architect who will architect and design innovative Network Management applications which scale in a cloud environment. We expect the architect to provide technical leadership for a talented group of seasoned software engineers. Our Minimum Requirements for This Role Are Expected industry experience is 15+ years. Minimum education at BS or MS level in Computer Science or related fields. Multi-year experience in architecting, designing and implementing cloud applications. Proven track record of architecting, designing, developing and releasing cloud applications in production environment. Experience in leading a team of engineers, working with Product Marketing, analyzing requirements and delivering these requirements in agreed upon release cadence. Programming proficiency in Object Oriented JVM based programming languages (Java or Scala) is must. Solid grasp of computer science/software engineering concepts, including: Common data structures, Standard algorithms, Object-oriented design, Distributed computing and Cloud computing paradigms. Thorough knowledge of RDBMS (Postgres) and NoSQL (Cassandra, ElasticSearch, Kairos DB, etc.) Persistence stack needed. Experience in delivering cloud applications on CoreOS, Kubernetes and Docker containers. Experience in designing cloud applications using distributed cache and hands on experience of using Redis, Hazelcast and similar products. Experience with messaging systems like RabbitMQ and distributed streaming platforms like Kafka. Ability to deploy various techniques to ‘scale’ an application in a production cloud environment. Day-to-day working knowledge of contemporary source code development tools and techniques (e.g. GIT, Maven, Eclipse, Node Package Manager, Gulp, Grunt) Experience in working with multiple teams like QA, Front End GUI, Embedded SW and Dev Ops Teams. Experience in working with Agile Methodology. Experience in any of the following will be considered a plus Good experience with Python, JavaScript Good understanding of Networking Technologies, various networking protocols, L2, L3 and SDN concepts. Ability to contribute to multiple ‘technical programs’ simultaneously. Expected to help build a team, mentor junior engineers and collaborate with other teams for developing new technologies. Proven ability to troubleshoot customer escalations in real-time and provide credible updates to upper management and stake holders. Benefits you’ll enjoy At Aruba, a Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, we offer an exciting and fun work culture, driving innovation, collaboration, and growth. We place our customers first, deliver some of the most innovative technologies to the market, and have fun doing it all! Come join our team and be part of an exciting organization poised for success! _Thanks for taking the time to review our job, if you think it is a match to your experience and interests please apply today — we are eager to learn more about you! We have dozens of openings, so encourage your friends to apply as well!_ ArubaNetworks GenMobile ArubaNetworksJobs HPE HewlettPackardEnterprise _Please note the above statements describe the general nature and level of work only. They are not a complete list of all required responsibilities, duties and skills. Other duties may be added, or this description amended at any time._ Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities. HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.