The position is responsible for conducting the day to day support of the Exception Item Processing department. Key responsibilities include the following: processing exception reports including Nonpost, Stop Suspect and Special Referral reports. Additional responsibilities include processing all change of address request for bank clients, Internal & External bank adjustments, processing of Unauthorized/Misused Check claims, Online Banking enrollment request and Online Account Creation authentication. Colleagues will utilize various banking systems to perform and complete daily assignments. Position also entails exercising judgment and making decisions that impact client accounts and City National Bank operations. Colleague will represent the department to both internal and external clients in response to inquiries and requests related to the aforementioned activities. The colleague in this role will process multiple department functions such as Stop Suspect, Special Referral or Nonpost exception reports, Adjustments and or Change of Address adhering to departmental polies and procedures while maintaining a productivity rate within department standards. Works under close supervision with some latitude for independent judgment. Consults with senior peers and team leads on semi-complex issues. Responsible for detecting fraudulent/unauthorized activity while maintaining an error rate within department policy. Participates in preparing beginning and end of day reports as well as cross-training initiatives. Must be able to transition from one function to another with minimal effort. Basic Qualifications: High School Diploma or GED required. Minimum 1 year of branch or back office banking experience required. Minimum 1 year of experience with Outlook and Microsoft Office Applications. Knowledge of complex Bank products/processes and legal/regulatory requirements. Good working knowledge of IBS Insight, Vsoft, Synergy, Exceptions Desktop or equivalent experience. Strong communications skills to handle complicated or sensitive information to clients, account officers or other outside parties. Thorough knowledge of features of a check and characteristics of fraudulent items. Good understanding of Reg CC funds availability policies. Experience processing ACH transactions. Experience working in a fast paced environment that demands strong organizational, technical and interpersonal skills. Represents basic qualifications for the position. To be considered for this position you must at least meet the basic qualifications. City National Bank is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, Minorities/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Veterans Note: This preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Note: Candidates should be advised that City National Bank does not pay interviewee travel expenses or relocation expenses for candidates who are hired unless previously agreed. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled