The Eukaryotic Pathogen Database resource (EuPathDB.org) is a large, multi- institution project that develops scientific data-mining websites used by researchers worldwide to study selected microbial pathogens, including those responsible for malaria and enteric disease. We are seeking to fill an open position on our systems team for a Systems Administrator to handle management, monitoring, and day to day operations of infrastructure that serves all aspects of our websites including upstream data analysis, loading data into Oracle instances and development activities. We are looking for someone who is able to quickly learn new technologies and is excited about solving interesting problems in support of and collaboration with a growing, international team that exceeds 35 members. We expect the qualified applicant to have a good understanding of security principles, environment separation, and service management. We will prioritize applicants who believe as we do that services should be scalable, fault-tolerant, and well documented. Note that this position will join a long-standing program with multiple performance sites. The successful hire could be based at either the University of Georgia or University of Pennsylvania. The successful applicant will ensure that our Centos linux systems are updated, secure, monitored and maintained. They will use puppet to manage provisioning of users and services evaluating new services to ensure they are properly managed by puppet. They will interact with developers and users to troubleshoot issues and provide technical support. They will also monitor logs and alerts to ensure system security and performance, updating alerts and notifications as appropriate. Qualifications Required: Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or commensurate experience with 1-2 years of related experience. Solid Unix/Linux experience, and scripting knowledge (bash, python, perl, etc.) Understanding of networking and firewall management and experience with server hardware and troubleshooting. Familiarity with automation and configuration management tools (Puppet, ansible, chef, etc.) Experience with monitoring, metric gathering and visualization tools (nagios, graphite, grafana, collectd, etc.) Desired: While this is not a DBA position, experience with Oracle would be a plus. General knowledge of relational databases and SQL Experience with DNS and LDAP Experience with Jenkins and/or groovy Affirmative Action Statement Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.