General Overview: As a Senior Data Analytics/BI Consultant, you are expected to combine business consulting with data and analytics skills, and work with a variety of technologies, which may include BI and analytics platforms, data warehouse, ETL tools, and data quality and data governance. Flexibility on work assignments, and work location, are essential to our operations. Our west coast office is in Scottsdale, AZ, but flexibility to travel is required, based on business needs. There will likely be opportunities for training and growth into alternate technologies. Position Overview: Our team consists of staff members with the general data and business capabilities listed below, yet each individual often brings specific tools and technology experience required for our engagements. Currently, we are seeking a data management professional with experience in the implementation and development of data and BI solutions. Experience must include strong database development fundamentals and BI solution implementation experience in a client-facing setting. Successful candidates will have experience, in a formal or informal role, leading or mentoring others within in at least 1 or 2 projects. Past application development experience with .NET or Java is desirable, as is experience in public sector, healthcare or life sciences. Responsibilities : Lead and mentor Associate Consultants on project teams and develop and own design decisions Lead the design and build of data management solutions which provide data acquisition, data quality, data transformation, master data management and data integration of disparate sources Lead the design and build of dashboards, visualizations and analytics Contribute towards data modelling, data warehouse build and ETL activity Generate solution documentation for design, training and support purposes Work to a high standard of design and delivery within pre-determined timelines Provide regular and accurate progress reporting and communication to B&D; colleagues Work within Agile frameworks such as SCRUM Partner with client stakeholders as appropriate Qualifications 6+ years of experience working with data in analysis and management context and 10+ years of overall professional work experience Strong business skills, including stakeholder management, preparing and delivering presentations and workshops, and collecting (and challenging) requirements Competency with relational databases (SQL Server, Oracle, etc.) including experience with product specific SQL, such as PL/SQL or T-SQL Competency with an ETL technology, such as Informatica, Data Stage, Talend, ODI, SSIS, etc. Familiarity with data modelling and integration methodologies or techniques including Star Schema, 3NF, Inmon/Kimball, Data Vault, etc. Expertise in solutions architecture for data management solutions, such as MDM, data quality, or data security is desirable The ability to capture business requirements and lead workshops An awareness of test and QA procedures Ability to travel – Travel schedules range from 0 – 75%, as business needs dictate _Business & Decision, North America, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer M/F/D/V_ _Please apply to_ _[email protected]_