Under administrative direction, functions as the staff assistant to the Senior Colbert Administrator of the Office of Transition & Community Relations; performs a variety of highly responsible staff functions, many of which are sensitive and confidential nature for the effective operations of the office. Reviews and analyzes written documentation received and sent by the Office of Transition & Community Relations; organizes and executes official documents for the Colbert Consent Decree; and maintains confidential requests and compiles additional information or documentation related to Department budgeting, financial actions, policies, procedures, legislation, rule-making, and other responsibilities of the Office. Conducts controversial and/or sensitive program studies and investigations as directed by the Administrator; researches, prepares, and completes strategic analyses and assessments of agency programs and operational projects from the Office; responds to incoming inquiries or requests from the office staff; and consults the Administrator on all findings and recommendations. Serves as telecommunications coordinator/liaison for the Office of Transition & Community Relations; evaluates new equipment for possible use; and processes the procurement of commodities and equipment for the Office. Plans, negotiates and medicates contracts pertaining to housing agreements and other contract related items, performs by collecting the necessary information related to Freedom of Information required, MCO agreements and other transition activities. Serves as database administrator of the Colbert Tracking System; administers technical assistance to users of the web-based system; monitors and oversees data entry of users of the system; extracts and reviews monthly data reports from the system; plans and develops report modifications within the system; and develops, installs and evaluates procedural changes to the system. Schedules and manages calendar and appointments for Administrator, including travel arrangements; attends various committee meetings for the Administrator as required; prepares minutes for meetings with other State Agencies and providers; establishes work load priorities and assists the Administrator in both external written and verbal communications including drafting letters, e-mail, policy and procedures documents, etc., for the approval of the Administrator. Produces checks and circulates Departmental responses to Court of Claims filings, vendor inquiries, Comptroller requests, and data exchange with CMS and researches and prepares draft documents related to the programmatic and administrative issues involved in Court of Claims responses. Assists Administrative Assistant II as needed; conducts evaluation studies of the effectiveness and appropriateness of copier procurement/lease/maintenance for the Office; compares analysis of effective rates established for volume use, for Office to make equitable decisions; stocks the Office's supply room; serves as the Office Location's Building Liaison to CMS responsible for coordination of physical office moves and related transactions with SOS; and accepts, maintains & tracks building and maintenance repairs requests. Performs other duties as required or assigned that are reasonably within the scope of the duties enumerated above. Minimum Requirements: Requires knowledge, skill and mental development equivalent to completion of four years of college with courses in public or business administration. Requires one year of professional experience in a public or private organization. Work Hours & Location/Agency Contact: Work Hours and Location: Monday - Friday 8:30 AM - 5:00 PM 160 N. LaSalle Street, Seventh Floor Chicago, IL 60601 Agency Contact: Illinois Department on Aging Office of Human Resources One Natural Resources Way, Suite 100 Springfield, IL 62702 FAX: 217-557-4918 In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Illinois Human Rights Act, State agencies must ensure that the employment process is accessible to persons with disabilities. Specifically, these laws require that the State provide reasonable accommodations upon request by individuals participating in all steps of the employment process. This includes the State of Illinois Rutan interview process. Current State Employees: Submit a Notice of Interest in Vacancy/Bid Form and CMS 100 Employment Application to the Agency Contact listed above. A separate Bid form AND Application is required for each Posting/Bid ID or your bid will be rejected. Current state employees seeking a promotion should also submit a CMS 100B Promotional Application to CMS (address found in upper right corner of CMS 100B form). If you are a current State employee wishing to transfer, you must submit an Employee Transfer Request form. If no Employee Transfer Request form is submitted, you will not be considered for the position. All Other Applicants: FOLLOW THE HOW TO APPLY INSTRUCTIONS/LINK BELOW How to Apply: Click Here for Applicant Information and Grading Procedures This position may require a current grade from Central Management Services (CMS), Division of Examining and Counseling, to be deemed qualified and available for employment consideration. For more information, please refer to the Work4Illinois website at Work.Illinois.Gov and select 'Application Procedures'. Additional information may also be obtained from the Agency Contact listed above or by contacting CMS, Division of Examining and Counseling at Work4Illinois@Illinois.gov or (217) 782-7100, (217) 785-3979 (TDD/TTY), (800) 526-0844 (TTY Only). Additional Documentation for Administrative Assistant I: Option H6 \- Dept On Aging Class Specification Additional Title and Exam Information These documents are in PDF format and can be viewed using Adobe Reader. NOTE: Salary amounts shown are only to be used as a guide; actual salary will be determined at the time of hire based on current salary plans and/or collective bargaining agreements, if applicable.