ROLE SUMMARY Pfizer’s BioMedicine Design (BMD) department in Cambridge, MA is responsible for discovering and developing biotherapeutic drug candidates. The Biotherapeutic Expression & Purification (BEP) group is an integral part of the early discovery process where it is responsible for the production of high quality, purified proteins to support in vitro and in vivo assays for project teams. The BEP group is looking for a laboratory technician to provide DNA production support for the protein expression and purification activities in BEP. The successful candidate will grow bacterial cultures and perform large-scale DNA production activities following standardized protocols. The candidate will be a key contributor to the scientific team responsible for protein expression and purification. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES DNA production/ purification DNA characterization Sample management and documentation Request database use and management Use of automated instrumentation Requestor interface The successful candidate will be responsible for small scale DNA production activities, including bacterial cultures, automated DNA purification and characterization. The candidate will help manage DNA inventories and will be expected to assist with protein production request, which includes interfacing with other scientists in the department. The successful candidate will have the ability to maintain an organized and clean laboratory space, maintain a rotating stock of supplies, communicate clearly on daily work in an organized lab notebook and in an online database, and consistently perform specific protocols. The candidate must be able to work closely with a team and communicate effectively to meet schedules and deadlines. Basic Qualifications Associates / Certificate in Biotechnology, or High School diploma or B.Sc in biological/life sciences or with at least 2 years of relevant laboratory research Foundation in Sterile Technique Preferred Qualifications Previous microbiology experience Previous experience working with DNA purification EEO & Employment Eligibility Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer. Sunshine Act Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative. Other Job Details: Last Date to Apply for Job: August 17, 2018 Pfizer is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable equal employment opportunity legislation in each jurisdiction in which it operates.