DATA ASSISTANT We are looking for motivated and innovative team members ready to take on new challenges and rapidly advance their career. At PinnacleART, we recognize that you don’t build a business- you build your people and they will build the business. Who We Are: PinnacleART is one of the world’s premier providers of reliability solutions to the most complex facilities, including the refining, oil and gas, petrochemical, specialty chemical, mining, and water treatment industries. Founded in 2006, we’ve had exceptional growth, bringing to the team industry experts as well as developing a workforce of innovative, service-driven leaders. What We Do: We partner with our clients to improve their business performance through more reliable operations and innovative strategies that- Mitigate risk of downtime, loss of containment, and ensure safety of personnel Optimize costs associated with inspection, maintenance, and total asset spend Ensure compliance with regulatory standards How We’re Different: The innovative people of PinnacleART are the lifeline of the organization, filling the hallways with contagious energy and enthusiasm. We make it a priority to keep the longstanding PinnacleART culture intact through community outreach, wellness programs, mentoring networks, engineering communities and monthly social activities. What You Do: In the DATA ASSISTANT role, you will gain hands-on experience supporting engineering projects that provide dynamic and high quality services to our clients. Previous experience is not required as training is provided. Reports to: Project Lead Location: Whiting, IN Accountable for: _Demonstrating Productivity:_ Meeting quality and efficiency standards of work while obtaining proficiency in basic project implementation tasks _Contributing to Team Through Communication and Work Ethic:_ Maintaining professional, positive relationships and effectively communicating with team members and client contacts Job Responsibilities: Extract and verify technical data using applicable software (data examples may include: piping material, dimensions, pressure, and temperature captured through documents such as Piping & Instrumentation Diagrams, engineering drawings and code forms) Use problem solving and critical thinking skills to correlate and organize piping and equipment data Meet and maintain excellent quality for all deliverables Demonstrate effective time management skills to ensure timely completion of assigned tasks Support cross-functional teams by identifying gaps in data and develop innovative solutions Provide outstanding client satisfaction Required Qualifications: Associate Degree or 2 years of experience in reliability, preferably in the oil & gas or similar industry Ability to work 40 hours a week within the hours of 8 AM- 5 PM, Monday through Friday Effective and professional verbal and written communication skills Detail-oriented with a strong aptitude for learning new processes and skills Independent problem solver and high performing team player Able to adapt to evolving client demands Initiative to exceed beyond set expectations Strong motivation for advancement to leadership roles Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite Pay Range: $17 per hour Benefits: Medical, dental, vision, 401k matching, Paid Holidays and Paid Time Off (PTO) Mission, Vision & Values As a team, Pinnacle is defined by its mission, vision, and values. Our mission is to set new standards for reliability programs worldwide. Our vision is to make the world reliable, one client at a time. Our values are continual development of our people, passionate service, drive for innovation, and integrity. While an individual can be successful on his own, teams are successful when all its members work and succeed together. Therefore, at Pinnacle, it is crucial to not only understand our individual responsibilities but those of our teammates as well.