The Supply Chain (SC) Analyst I will work under the direction of the Director, Process & System Performance and will fill a cross functional role providing analytic services to each division of the Supply Chain Department. Divisions of the supply chain department include: Value Analysis, Contracting, Operations and Purchasing. The work completed by the Supply Chain (SC) Analyst I drives success within the Supply Chain Department by providing an essential analytic foundation. Value Analysis analytic responsibilities include producing spend landscape reporting for evaluating current manufacturer market shares. Compiling manufacturer item cross reference reporting and producing projected market share reporting. Contracting analytic responsibilities include providing price comparison impact reporting for new contracts and potential item conversions. Operations analytic responsibilities include adding, updating and maintaining item pricing and item information within Stewards Materials Management module (Meditech) allowing hospital staff to order the right products at the right price from the right vendors. Updating and maintaining vendor information in the Stewards vendor dictionary and updating and maintaining Steward's stock dictionaries as new item adds, item conversions and item updates occur. Purchasing analytic responsibilities include assisting Steward users with requisition templates, requests to add new items, and inventory rundown and conversion processes. Generating analytics and reports to monitor invoice exceptions, and working with hospital users and Accounts Payable to implement the perfect PO process. This role will also assist with various system process improvement initiatives and exciting ad hoc analytic projects as assigned by the Director, Process & System Performance. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES : 1\. Manage all updates to the Meditech item dictionary, vendor dictionary, and stock dictionary. 2\. Compile item cross reference information from vendors. 3\. Produce spend landscape reporting as requested. 4\. Produce price comparison impact reporting as requested. 5\. Manage scripting templates and work with the IT team for updates and improvements. 6\. Manage and distribute invoice/purchase order exception reports and assist in managing the resolution process. 7\. Serve as a subject matter expert for Meditech Materials Management module. 8\. Assist in managing supplier Price Change Notifications and review processes. 9\. Present reporting to supply chain team members and hospital users as required. 10\. Contribute to continuous improvement projects and data maintenance projects in the Supply Chain Department. 11\. Other duties as assigned. REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS: 1\. Detail oriented with strong quantitative skills. 2\. Desire to work as a team. 3\. Embrace change in an exciting fast paced environment. 4\. Good communication skills and strong customer service. 5\. Creative problem solving skills. 6\. Ability to prioritize multiple projects simultaneously and manage deadlines as required. 7\. The desire and ability to learn and the willingness and flexibility to adapt to changing responsibilities. 8\. Knowledge of and experience with Supply Chain Department support processes in a Hospital or Health Care field. 9\. Experience using and maintaining Materials Management software systems (Meditech preferred). 10\. Experience generating and analyzing reports to measure supply chain process performance. EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/LICENSURE/TECHNICAL/OTHER: 1\. Bachelor's degree required. 2\. 1-3 years in an analytical capacity, Health Care/Hospital Supply Chain data management experience preferred. 3\. High degree of proficiency in Microsoft Excel. 4\. Access/SQL skills preferred, other Microsoft Office skills a plus. 5\. Previous healthcare, supply chain or materials management experience a plus.