Salary Range $16.70-$21.71/per hour, DOE Grade 110 Work Schedule Monday - Friday, 8am - 5pm Work Calendar 12 Months Job Summary The position is responsible for providing financial support to Mesa Community College's Office of Development (fundraising). Prrocesses account information, gifts, and fundraising activities as well as prepare reports, communicate with multiple parties, and provide general office support. Demonstrates a commitment to service excellence, innovation, student success, integrity, and diversity in the performance of job duties. Essential Functions 50% - Reconciles accounts, enters and processes gifts, and manages college department fundraising activities; responsible for the data entry, accounting, and expenditure of donations as designated by donors and the processing of gifts according to college/foundation policies; implements financial safeguards/cash handling best practices for the office; maintains fund distributions 20% - Prepares statistical reports, campaign statistics and analyses; performs routine analysis 20% - Communicates and coordinates with financial aid/scholarship office and foundation; responsible for assisting in account reconciliation and communicating award information; works with donors as needed 10% - Provides general office support and fundraising campaign assistance Minimum Qualifications Associate’s Degree and one year of financial support experience in area related to assignment such as accounts payable, receivable or payroll. OR An equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform the essential duties of the job such as those listed above, unless otherwise subject to any other requirements set forth in law or regulation. Desired Qualifications 1\. Three (3) years of booking keeping experience (i.e., working with databases and accounting software) 2\. Experience providing customer service 3\. Experience organizing and managing various projects simultaneously (i.e., working with excel, project management software, grants, and payments via the web) 4\. Experience creating, writing and building reports Special Working Conditions May be required to work evenings and weekend hours; summer work hours vary; may be required to lift objects up to 25 lbs; may be assigned to work at various Mesa Community College locations. Local travel is required, including driving a multi-passenger vehicle. State to state travel may be required. How to Apply Applicants must submit a cover letter that details how the applicant meets minimum and desired qualifications. Applications without a cover letter will be incomplete and will not be considered. Please ensure your resume and cover letter provide the following items: Clearly illustrate how prior experience, knowledge and education meet the minimum and desired qualifications for this position. Provide employment history in a month/year format (e.g., 09/07 to 10/11) including job title, job duties, and name of employer for each position. Three professional references, preferably current and/or former supervisors. If references are not provided in resume upon application, they will be requested at time of interview. Posting Close Date Apply on or before August 26, 2018 to be considered. EEO Information Maricopa County Community College District (MCCCD) will not discriminate, nor tolerate discrimination in employment or education, against any applicant, employee, or student because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship status (including document abuse), age, disability, veteran status or genetic information.