About LoopMe team LoopMe team are experts in AI and ad tech. Our team aims to deliver maximum impact, ensuring LoopMe is recognised as the industry’s most advanced mobile AI video solution. The position The General Manager will be a key senior member of the management team and will report to the Global CEO, you will be responsible for leading the North American business, managing the P &L;, running day-to-day operations and leading the aggressive growth plan of this cutting-edge AI Mobile video platform. Responsibilities Leading North America business, including strategy and operations Leading North America P &L; and achieving financial objectives in line with overall LoopMe targets Working closely with the CEO on strategy including providing direction to product and marketing to drive the business in North America Overall responsibility for growing North America revenue and volume of clients in line with LoopMe global objectives. Ensure efficient use of client service resources Ensure cross sell and up-sell opportunities are fully explored with existing clients by identifying opportunities for deepening the client relationship through innovation, and the adoption of new and innovative technologies. Participate in business development and external industry forums to support new business as well as awareness of LoopMe’s capabilities as a leader in this sector. Overall responsibility for strategic relationship management of key clients. Provide ad hoc support to clients, as requested, to solve broad strategic problems. Active participator at the Executive Management team, highlighting new strategic opportunities. Required Skills & Experience Significant experience in scaling an ad tech business (revenue $100m+) across North America Experience developing, shaping and managing SaaS ad tech engagements and customer relationships. Entrepreneurial leader who has the drive to cut business deals across agency holding groups Proven experience creating innovative solutions for clients that drive successful business outcomes Proven track record winning and retaining clients. Functional and team management of dispersed, matrixed and direct resources. Ability to recruit, manage and motivate senior managers. Ability to interact and collaborate effectively with senior executives across LoopMe’s global offices. Knowledgeable across multiple functional areas such as product management, data, sales, client services. Excellent problem-solving, organizational and analytical skills, with the ability to evolve product strategy based on research, data and industry trends. Active interest in how innovation and technology is driving change in digital marketing and a real desire to be a part of that innovation Existing agency and client relationships. Entrepreneurial drive and demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in an innovative and fast-paced environment. Strong operational, people development and client engagement skills Gravitas with clients. Ability to inspire and motivate large groups. Confident public speaker. About LoopMe LoopMe was founded with the mission of closing the loop on brand advertising. Our full-stack tech platform harnesses mobile data, using a powerful combination of attribution, Artificial Intelligence and analytics to deliver outstanding campaign performance against brand outcomes - consideration, purchase intent, foot traffic and offline sales. The company was founded by experienced mobile advertising executives Stephen Upstone (CEO) and Marco Van de Bergh (CTO) in 2012. LoopMe has global offices in New York, London, Chicago, LA, Atlanta, Boston, Dallas, Detroit, San Francisco, Dnipro, Singapore, Beijing, Dubai and Johannesburg.