Job Summary The J. Paul Getty Museum is seeking a creative and strategic thinker to manage its education team and programs. Reporting to the Assistant Director of Education, Public Programs, and Interpretive Content (EPPIC), the Head of Education is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Education team and has primary oversight of all educational programs and content. In partnership with the Assistant Director of EPPIC, this individual will play a leadership role in formulating visitor centered education strategy and making key contributions to the interpretation of the Getty’s permanent collection and special exhibitions for a diverse public audience. The Head of Education will establish strategies and priorities for the team, develop and implement educational programs on-site and offsite, develop and manage education curricula, oversee donor relationships and create reports, manage budgets and day-to-day operations, guide the operation of the docent program with clear values, vision, and standards, establish metrics for success and modes of evaluation for teaching excellence across all of our educational programs. The Head of Education is a member of the Museum’s EPPIC team. He or she will oversee or participate in all activities directly related to the Museum’s educational programming and guest experiences at the Getty Center and Getty Villa. This individual will also broadly and directly work with, and actively collaborate with, peers across the EPPIC team as well as with curators, conservators, exhibitions staff, docents, and administrators. The department of Education at the J. Paul Getty Museum has established a national reputation for its comprehensive array of education programs for children, students, families, and adults. The 28-person Education Department manages a thriving docent corps of roughly 600 volunteers who lead tours for approximately 150,000 students and 170,000 general public visitors every year across two sites. The Education team also manages; partnerships with and programs for K-12 institutions and colleges; a robust suite of teen programs; and collaborates with pro-social agencies, institutions and foundations. The department’s mission is to engage the diverse community of Los Angeles both intellectually and emotionally through outstanding educational content and experiences. The department positions the learner as the active agent in all of its programs, and leverages the dialogical approach in object-based learning, using both the Getty collection and temporary exhibitions as the foundation for investigation. The ultimate aim is to bring the Museum’s various audiences into direct experiences with works of art and art making, and to offer a broad range of educational programs appealing to a diverse audience. Major Job Responsibilities Working with the Assistant Director and other members of the EPPIC team, develop and implement long-term goals and objectives as well as participate in the Museum’s strategic planning. Working in tandem with EPPIC staff, provide leadership in the coordination and production of multi-platform educational content. Further refine and maximize effectiveness of K-12 school programs serving 150,000 school students and teachers annually, expand outreach and subsidized visits for Title One schools at both the Getty Center and Getty Villa, and develop a content plan for teacher professional development. Provide direction and guide development and implementation of excellent practice for on-site educational tours led by both paid Gallery Educators and a large volunteer docent corps. Cultivate a culture of collaboration and inclusivity across all of our internal, volunteer, and audience interactions. Elevate our world class docent corps and share out best practices to the larger museum community. Further strengthen various teacher professional development programs and opportunities. Strengthen and further solidify the range of offerings specifically geared to teens, college, and university students. Evaluate, assess, and contribute to strategy and experience design for multi-generational educational programming at the Getty Center and Getty Villa, to include family tours, interactive spaces, and more. Prepare and justify annual budget requests for the Education department. Provide direction and targets for special projects, such as various outreach programs and audience-based initiatives. Actively recruit, coach, and develop talent on the Education team and in the docent corps. Represent the Museum in a variety of settings, both internally and externally. Build upon collaborative relationships with other Los Angeles cultural and educational institutions, establishing ongoing dialogue and opportunities for cross-programming, internships, and cultivation of new talent. Develop, implement, and oversee goals for strategic partnerships with other institutions, national and international. Qualifications Bachelor's degree 7 to 10 years of supervisory and/or project/process management experience Proficiency with standard business software Knowledge, Skills and Abilities The ideal candidate will be a recognized leader in the field with a significant background in developing lively, creative, and innovative education programs that engage a diverse community. This person should have the capacity to serve as a catalyst within the institution, responding to individual, corporate, and foundation donor needs to further the Getty’s role as a leader in its field. The ability to work effectively in a highly collaborative environment, with excellent management skills and the ability to exercise authority in a direct, compassionate, and encouraging manner. This professional should have the strategic perspective to consider the impact of decisions, plans, and programs on the Museum, and make sound recommendations accordingly. Must be a flexible, self-reliant person who can handle conflict and advocate ideas using deft negotiation and persuasion skills. Comprehensive knowledge of museum pedagogy and art education integration strategies. Experience working with curators and in generating educational programs around a collection. Strong commitment to education and to making the collection more accessible and meaningful to the general public. Deep knowledge of object-based approaches to learning, taking into consideration different types of audiences, and strong interest in learning styles and techniques. Direct and succinct, with outstanding written and verbal communication skills, blended with the ability to be an effective and active listener. A strong and serious work ethic coupled with an enthusiastic and passionate affinity for the visual arts. The successful candidate will be a dynamic, hands-on individual with a compassionate, visionary, disciplined style. Diplomatic and respectful with any and all staff members, with a track record of promoting a culture of congeniality. Comfortable working with wide variety of personalities and adept at building trust and promoting dialog. A multi-task personality: this individual should have the ability to set priorities and to manage multiple tasks and functions simultaneously. Ability to speak multiple languages is highly desirable. Character and substance; the highest ethical and professional standards are essential.