First Republic is an ultra-high-touch bank that provides extraordinary client service. We believe that one-on-one interactions build lasting relationships. We move quickly to serve our clients’ needs so that their financial transactions are handled with ease and efficiency. Client trust and security are paramount in our line of business. Ultimately, our goal is unsurpassed client satisfaction which will lead to personal referrals – our number one source of new business. We recognize that our competitive advantage starts with our people and our culture. At First Republic, we work hard and move quickly as a very coordinated team. If you are looking for an opportunity to grow and contribute in a fun, fast-paced environment, First Republic is the place for you. We have exceptional people focused on providing extraordinary service. The Private Wealth Management (PWM) team is looking for a Vice President, Technology Consultant/Trainer who will be responsible for developing and delivering training programs and ‘consulting’ to Wealth Managers and Client Service Associates focused on the technology applications on their desktop (e.g,. portfolio management, trading, account opening, CRM tools.) The goal of this program is to enable these front office employees to take full advantage of the tools on their desktop and be more productive and efficient in servicing their clients and managing portfolios. This individual will be responsible for developing and delivering training themselves as well as providing ‘consulting’ to wealth management teams on how to be more effective using technology. In this role, the Vice President will need to work with other trainers, vendors and internal experts to develop a curriculum, produce instructional materials (e.g, user guides, videos) and lead in-person and remote training sessions. The Vice President of Technology Consulting/Training will partner with the Client Service team, the OnBoarding team, the PWM Technology team and other stakeholders across the PWM business to assess front office training needs and prioritize development and delivery of training. While strategic thinking and coordination are important elements of this role, this individual will be required to take a tactical, hands on role in delivering training and consulting themselves, coordinate with others who deliver training and manage training requests from various groups. This role will require travel to offices on the West and East Coast to work with wealth management teams and provide training. Responsibilities Help define the short/medium/long term approach for PWM’s Technology Training program to support the growth of the business and empower Wealth Managers and Client Service Associate to be more productive in using the tools on their desktop. Achieve and maintain mastery of the key technology tools on the Wealth Manager and Client Service Associate desktop in order to provide live training and develop self-paced, self-sevice training materials. Partner with other trainers and manage outside vendors and internal subject matter experts to develop training content and provider training. Develop a deep understanding of the PWM business and processes as well as technology applications used in the front and back office in order to craft training and provide consulting and best practice advice to wealth management teams. Actively engage partners and training recipients to gather feedback and continually improve the training program and content. Work closely with product managers and vendors to ensure training stays current with product and functionality evolution and support training as needed for new releases. Work effectively in a matrix environment to gain consensus on approach and successfully deliver meaningful training and consulting advice to different audiences. Keeps abreast of industry trends and new technology to identify opportunities and makes recommendations for product and curriculum enhancements. Critical features of this job are described under the items above. They may be subject to change at any time due to reasonable accommodation or other reasons. This job description reflects management’s assignment of essential functions; it does not prescribe or restrict the tasks that may be assigned. Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. Qualifications Key Skills, Knowledge and Abilities: Education/work experience: Undergraduate degree required Minimum 5 years of experience in leading and/or delivering training programs in financial services for technology tools Experience in or working knowledge of wealth management business Desired: Experience with any/some of the following applications: Advent APX, Advent Moxy, FolioDynamix, Appian, Addepar, Salesforce, Pershing’s NetX360, MSCI WealthBench. Professional skill/ competency Knowledge of instructional design principles for classroom and distance learning including development of instructional strategies, course materials, assessment techniques, appropriate integration of instructional technologies and best practices. Proficient with technology and aptitude to learn new applications quickly Strong business orientation with broad experience and understanding of brokerage/wealth management processes. Detail-oriented individual who has the ability to multi-task in a fast paced environment. Hands-on, ‘roll up your sleeves’ experience. Demonstrates excellent verbal and written communication skill; is able to speak articulately with and in language appropriate for business/front line users (e.g., Wealth Managers), executive management, back office operations employees and technology partners. Negotiates skillfully in tough situations with internal and external groups; can be both direct and diplomatic. Leadership skill/ competency A self-confident, proactive professional with the maturity necessary to work autonomously and with people of all levels in the organization. Generates trust and builds alliances across business and functional lines; Can quickly find common ground and solve problems for the good of all; is a team player and encourages collaboration. Consistently demonstrates and follows high standards of integrity in business decision-making. Mental/Physical Requirements: The ability to learn and comprehend basic instructions; understand the meanings of words and respond effectively; and perform basic arithmetic accurately and quickly. Vision must be sufficient to read data reports, manuals and computer screens. Hearing must be sufficient to understand a conversation at a normal volume, including telephone calls and in person. Speech must be coherent to clearly convey or exchange information, including the giving and receiving of assignments and/or directions. Position involves sitting most of the time, but may involve walking or standing for brief periods of time. Must be able to travel as position requires. May be required to lift 25-50lbs.