We are a leading supplier in HVAC equipment, and our business is growing. We are currently looking to fill the position of Warehouse Manager to handle daily operations of the warehouse, including counter sales, shipping and receiving, returns and inventory management. The successful applicant will maintain high levels of accuracy in day-to-day operations, lead and develop the warehouse team and provide impeccable customer service to our client base. If you have the knowledge and expertise in the HVAC & distribution, shipping & receiving industry, we invite you to apply today. Warehouse Manager Job Responsibilities: Counter & parts sales, provides materials, equipment, and supplies by directing receiving, warehousing, and distribution services; supervising staff. Warehouse Manager Job Duties: Maintains receiving, warehousing, and distribution operations by initiating, coordinating, and enforcing program, operational, and personnel policies and procedures. Complies with federal, state, and local warehousing, material handling, and shipping requirements by studying existing and new legislation; enforcing adherence to requirements; advising management on needed actions. Safeguards warehouse operations and contents by establishing and monitoring security procedures and protocols. Controls inventory levels by conducting physical counts; reconciling with data storage system. Maintains physical condition of warehouse by planning and implementing new design layouts; inspecting equipment; issuing work orders for repair and requisitions for replacement. Achieves financial objectives by preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions. Completes warehouse operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees; following up on work results. Maintains warehouse staff job results by coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results. Maintains professional and technical HVAC knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Warehouse Manager Skills and Qualifications: HVAC Systems Knowledge, Supervision, Scheduling & Logistics, Developing Budgets, Safety Management, Developing Standards, Managing Processes, Surveillance Skills, Inventory Control, Reporting Skills, Analyzing Information, Equipment Maintenance Location : Ferndale, MI