As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For a complete description of our benefits for this position, please visit our website, click here. As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for four consecutive years. The UW Department of Radiology is internationally recognized as dynamic, progressive, with high impact on the present and future of the field of Diagnostic Imaging. As a ³Top Ten² Radiology Department in a US News and World Report ³Top Ten Hospital², the academic Radiology enterprise complements the clinical, teaching and research activities of one of the nation's leading Medical Schools. The broad strength of the University of Washington is reflected in its recurring rank among the top two recipients of federal research grants. The Department of Radiology currently has an outstanding opportunity for a HUMAN RESOURCES COORDINATOR. The Human Resources Coordinator contributes to the growth and success of the Department of Radiology by executing the mission and vision. The successful candidate in this position will coordinate faculty appointments and promotions within Radiology. The department has thirteen sections and about 280 current faculty members. This position distributes, collects, and reviews documents from the thirteen different sections to ensure accuracy and completeness. This position conducts the day-to-day records management and processing of all junior and regular faculty, non-ACGME fellows, and Adjunct appointments within the Department of Radiology. Essential Duties & Responsibilities: Oversee the collection and completeness of required documents submitted for creating new faculty positions Ensure the faculty appointment checklist and packet are complete and ready for the Dean's Office review Maintain faculty appointment checklists and update reports as necessary Coordinate and assist with completing the appropriate budgetary approval paperwork Collect, review, and ensure completeness of applicant's paperwork Assist with monitoring fellowship program appointments and provide reports of appointment end dates Coordinate renewal of appointments with the Section Coordinators and the HR Department Manager/Administrator Develop, maintain, and distribute materials for the new junior faculty orientation Modify and maintain Faculty Mentoring database; this includes assisting with updating the Mentoring program website Provide HR Department Manager/Administrator with weekly reports of completed and approved faculty appointment packages and generate reports as needed Support the HR Department Manager/Administrator by coordinating visas, preparing documents, and assisting in related duties Distribute monitor, and collect data regarding the mentoring evaluation process Create and maintain accurate Radiology faculty files Coordinate trainings with the Radiology's Program Coordinators and Radiology Secretary Coordinate faculty peer evaluations Gather necessary documents and process courtesy faculty promotions for the department Attend necessary trainings and meetings as recommended by University administrative groups Initiate data entry faculty changes, new hires, terminations, and promotions in our HR/Payroll system for the University Other duties as assigned Self/Team Development - Provide innovative, visionary and collaborative initiative, continue to grow your own skill set necessary in your position, and contribute to a team atmosphere in working with all internal/external customers. Minimum Requirements: High school graduation or equivalent and 3 years of office experience including at least six months of experience in a Human Resources or related setting OR equivalent education/experience. Time management, multi-tasking, detail-oriented and organizational skills Proficient knowledge of Microsoft Office Products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) Facility with email, internet, and web access A positive attitude to thrive and succeed in a fast-paced environment. Desired Skills: 2 years of Human Resources Experience Proficiency of and experience with UW Payroll Systems (i.e. Workday) Training and/or familiarity with faculty and/or medical staff appointments Training and/or familiarity with recruitment of non-US citizens Knowledge of and experience with University of Washington systems Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office Demonstrated ability to multi-task Must be detail-oriented Ability to exercise independent judgment Ability to work under pressure with constant deadlines and changing priorities Well organized and self-motivated, completing assignments within a specified time frame