Digital Transformation at F5 is about changing customer experiences and this position puts you at the forefront of F5’s digital strategy and execution. We are looking for someone who is passionate about fact-based decision-making (“let the numbers do the talking”) and is comfortable translating the insights into a coherent story using visualization tools. You will have an opportunity to understand how our customers interact, want to interact with F5 across their journey, and for translating that information into irrefutable business insights that inform digital transformation prioritization. The Challenge You Get to Accomplish As a member of the Digital Transformation team, the Sr. Business Intelligence Analyst is key to understanding how we need to transform the customer interactions with F5 and Partners to be compelling and seamless at all touch- points. You will report directly to the VP of Digital Transformation and will partner with the Global Services Leadership and others to develop standard reports and dashboards. This position is regarded as a Subject Matter Expert in the areas of Client Experience Transformation, Client Business Intelligence, Operational and Executive Reporting, Data visualization, and Business Case creation. You will need to engage broadly across F5 to frame, structure and prioritize business opportunities that tie client digital experience enhancements to Business Outcomes. There will be collaboration with the Marketing and IT teams to derive reusable solutions and find answers to questions about customer behavior and customer experiences. With pragmatism and diplomacy, you will synthesize, merge and transform existing BI & reporting capabilities to address the digital transformation requirements. We'd like you to lead the next generation Digital BI and Analytics experiences as a self-serve capability. Using an iterative and practical approach, you will create operational Digital Dashboards that provide bold insights into Client Behavior and KPIs for business outcomes. You'll create and develop measures for Digital Transformation and an evolution into a digital, CX-first environment. We trust that you'll be comfortable working with incomplete data while creating high confidence-level recommendations. What will you do? Digital Transformation Analytics and Reporting: Do you love collecting and analyzing data? Does it excite you to take data and create a visual story to present the whole picture with recommendations? Good! At F5, we envision you will drive data analysis and data-driven decision- making on Services initiatives to provide insights into Customer Success, Client Self-Service and Digital Transformation prioritization. We want you to advise partners on maximizing the value from the Customer Success Client 360-Health dashboards. You will Interpret data and set appropriate measurement strategy to figure out the effectiveness of CX enhancements and provide complex analytical consulting to Partner-Channel transformation management. You will be expected to support ad hoc analytic requests from raw data through to presentation quickly, efficiently and accurately. We want you to collaborate to embed the voice-of-the-customer, irrespective of source, in the analytics and recommendations and, assist with F5’s social listening to provide ongoing analysis of industry and customer trends. You will have the opportunity to recommend scalable data capture and reporting solutions to have consistent Business Intelligence at an enterprise level. We foresee you gathering client requirements and helping to visualize and playback that data to all the appropriate stakeholders. You will partner with other groups such as IT, Marketing, Sales Finance, to align metrics and reporting; maintain and build relationship with the F5 BI team. You will maintain courteous and professional working relationships with employees at all levels of the organization. What You Bring to the Team Strong business and data analysis skills including building reports, working with complex spreadsheets, and databases to measure business performance. Possesses a working knowledge of relational database concepts and applications. Additionally, you can accurately manipulate and move data to and from a variety of sources across multiple platforms; ability to query, sort, merge, combine, and summarize. With this data, you can draw concise, well-supported recommendations based on detailed analysis of the given issue. Utilize your strong collaboration skills. Be aware of how you partner with other analysts and other key partners. Demonstrate excellent written, verbal and quantitative skills. You will create Senior Executive level presentations. Solid technology business acumen. Show us your understanding of F5’s market and related industry knowledge. You are process and detail-oriented with a strong analytic sense. Ability to work independently and prioritize projects. Your background includes; Advanced PC skills in all MS Office applications, experience in enterprise data systems, and extensive experience with query design in SQL server, SAS, Tableau, SOQL, etc. Required Qualifications Come in with 5+ years of industry experience with reports, metadata layer, (KPI) dashboards, using Excel, SQL queries and Tableau. You possess 2+ years of digital analytics or services analytics experience preferred A Bachelor’s Degree in Data Science or Mathematics is preferred or equivalent related work experience. A Master of Business Administration Degree is preferred. An understanding of services automation systems and reporting tools is preferred. You have in-depth experience with BI Tools (Tableau, PowerBI, Business objects, or other…) & data warehousing experience. Sometimes, we might need you to be on call and have you work outside your normal work hours (evenings and weekends). Occasional travel by car or airplane to other F5 locations and industry events may be needed. LI-KH1 Equal Employment Opportunity It is the policy of F5 to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical, or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request.