GROW WITH US As the largest 100% employee-owned company in the resource recovery industry, Recology has a unique workplace culture that guides how we support employees, interact with our customers, service our communities, and care for our environment. We encourage Recology employees to G.R.O.W. with Us professionally and personally by: G iving back to our communities and our environment by volunteering time and resources R ecovering resources to achieve their best and highest use Exhibiting O wnership in a company that does the right things for the right reasons, ensuring that our actions benefit the company, the communities we serve, and our environment. W orking together to develop comradery and facilitate collaboration. By demonstrating an inclusive attitude that values different backgrounds and ideas, we can get the job done. You can G.R.O.W. with Us by becoming our Operations Supervisor THE ROLE Responsible for supervising operations personnel and routing drivers and monitoring work to ensure efficient and effective operations. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE, AND ARE NOT LIMITED TO: Supervises day-to-day operations of collections, transfer station, material recovery or composting facility, as assigned. Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization’s policies and applicable laws. Assigns employees to balance workload. Arranges alternate coverage of service in case of employee absence or equipment failure. Assists with the daily inspection and follow through of proper maintenance and repair of equipment and/or vehicles as appropriate. May operate equipment as needed. Monitors work to ensure efficient and effective operations. Observes operational practices and enforces safety policies and procedures. Makes recommendations for process improvement, including changes in working conditions and use of equipment to increase efficiency of operations, department, or work crew. Investigates and resolves customer inquiries and complaints. Makes recommendations for rate adjustments, ensures delinquent account collection and resolves customer and vendor billing disputes. Identifies potential rule infractions, and working with Operations Manager, assists in the avoidance and correction of existing cases. Generates and analyzes operational reports and make recommendations as appropriate. Investigates and reports on worker injuries, accidents, and other incidents, maintains time records and manages attendance issues, provides timely feedback. Ensures policies, procedures, and collective bargaining agreement (as applicable) are followed. May dispatch or serve as back-up for dispatch duties. May participate in community and business meetings and events on behalf of the company. QUALIFICATIONS Any combination of education and experience that would likely provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities is qualifying. A typical way to qualify is: Education and Experience High school diploma or GED required. Bachelor's degree preferred. Three years in the resource recovery industry (waste/recycling /organics processing), transportation, production or logistics operations including supervisory experience. Valid driver's license. Class "A" or "B" Commercial Drivers' License required upon hire or within six months of hire for positions assigned to collections. IDEAL CANDIDATE – _The qualifications listed are typical of the knowledge, skills, and abilities of successful employees within this classification._ Knowledge of: Technical and professional principles, practices, laws, applications and programs in position related area. Maintains awareness of trends in resource recovery industry, recycling programs, organics processing and composting technologies to ensure company is proactive in maintaining competitive advantage. Computer programs, including Microsoft Office suite of applications and using data to inform and set priorities and identify challenges/opportunities. Principles of personnel training, supervision and evaluation. Supervisory techniques, resource allocation, planning and budgeting. Skill and / or Ability to: Promote the WASTE ZERO philosophy by making the best and highest use of all resources. Develop strategies to effectively manage current and future challenges and opportunities; develop recommendations and actionable plans. Define issues and focus on achieving workable solutions; generate innovative ideas to develop or improve existing systems. Use computers and technology capabilities. Demonstrate strong proficiency and knowledge in area(s) of expertise as well as company business and proficiency in strategic and financial processes. Communicate well both verbally and in writing; listen to and understand various viewpoints; share relevant information timely; provide constructive feedback; maintain professionalism. Present ideas effectively to individuals or groups and deliver presentations suited to the characteristics and needs of the audience. Effectively and productively engage with others and establish trust, credibility, and confidence. Promote collaboration and assist others with their initiatives and efforts. Motivate and empower others to achieve objectives and to develop a culture where employees feel ownership in what they do. Attract, develop and retain good people; allow opportunities for self and others to reach their full potential; build and share knowledge and expertise. Listen to and build customer relationships; increase customer satisfaction and ensure commitments are met. RECOLOGY OFFERS: an ecologically innovative company that finds and mentors people committed to protecting the environment and sustaining our communities. the largest employee owned resource recovery company in the industry with terrific benefits to help you prosper. a creative and caring culture that values community, diversity, altruism, accountability, collaboration, and learning by doing. an inspired company mission driven to use and return resources to their best and highest use through the practice of the 4R’s: Reduce, Re-use, Recycle, and Recologize. distinct professional challenges to connect with, care for, and grow community that sees a world without waste. RECOLOGY BENEFITS MAY INCLUDE: becoming an owner in our Company two retirement plans: a supplemental retirement plan through our Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) 401(k) match (up to 4% of salary) health and wellness benefits including medical, dental, and vision educational assistance (up to $5,250 per year) a robust employee assistance program with financial guidance, legal assistance, dependent referrals and lots of discounts to a variety of vendors an employee referral program where you can achieve cash incentives (up to $2500 per referral) generous paid time off and paid holidays commuting benefits - we help subsidize the cost to get to work annual wellness incentives (up to $300) SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this job; and pursuant to applicable law, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal records. It is important that you provide accurate information on the job application, inaccurate information may cause delays in the processing of your application and/or may disqualify you as a candidate. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status. _This description is not intended and should not be construed to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, skills, effort, work conditions, and benefits associated with the job._