Duties Summary The Volpe Center seeks a Data Scientist for our Energy Analysis and Sustainability Division to serve as a principal contributor and/or project manager with expertise in performing sophisticated statistical analyses of transportation data to assess safety, economic, social, or environmental impacts to support policy decisions. The employee must have superb analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills, and be able to excel in an entrepreneurial, fast-paced environment. A PhD and supporting transcripts are highly preferred. The ideal candidate has a PhD in data science, statistics, mathematics, computer science, artificial intelligence, or a natural science (such as biology or ecology) and has also served as an expert consultant for assistance with the issues, functions, and programs regarding transportation-related modeling, analysis and assessment. The position requires you to have demonstrated experience in integrating diverse data sources using secure cloud-based data platforms. You must also have extensive experience with both traditional hypothesis testing and modern statistical methods such as Bayesian analysis and machine learning. Demonstrated publication experience in peer- reviewed journals is also highly preferred. You may be asked to submit writing samples if you are invited to interview. This vacancy may be used to fill similar positions within 90 days for these locations. Responsibilities As a Data Scientist, you will: Perform transportation data analysis of national and international interest on emerging data science concepts and theories including energy, safety, economic, social, and/or environmental impacts to or as a result of the transportation system. Utilize programming languages for data analytics (e.g., Python or R) and GitHub or other version control platforms to support collaborative coding. Develop open source transportation planning tools to facilitate testing and public release of analysis packages and develop interactive visualization tools to communicate results to sponsors (e.g., Tableau dashboards, R Shiny applications). Serve as a principal contributor to apply new techniques in data science and to develop new operational concepts to support the overall system integration and performance of the Division's portfolio of transportation safety management and assurance systems. Develop project management plans and schedules; estimate resource requirements; define milestones and deliverables; monitor activities, and evaluate and report on progress. Represent the Volpe Center by presenting study results and to national level committees and other groups. Travel Required Occasional travel - Occasional travel required. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 13 Who May Apply This job is open to… Applications will be accepted from any U.S. Citizen. Questions? This job is open to 1 group.