Position Duties Research, upgrade, implement and administer database solutions. Install, configure and monitor all database management systems and maintain them at optimum efficiency. Troubleshoot and upgrade database operating environments and develop and maintain overall database designs, including standard data definitions, data dictionary, physical database security, privacy, backup and recovery as well as support software. Maintain high availability and disaster recover procedures. Automate cloning process for Oracle EBS databases and applications. Perform FAILOVER & Switchover of Oracle RAC. Resolve performance issues with managers. Migrate forms server, and migrate Oracle RAC and non-RAC databases with and without Automatic Storage Management (ASM). Perform coding, stored procedures, functions, packages, triggers to enforce the referential integrity constraints and business rules. Schedule gather statistics database application schemas. Monitor physical storage usage, forecast future requirements and recommend appropriate hardware and software actions. Reorganize physical objects such as tables, indexes and tablespaces to improve performance. Tune SGA/PGA parameters and initialization parameters. Prepare work schedules and cost estimates, evaluate alternative database management systems, performance management tools and tuning aids, develop and enforce standards and predict the effect of new applications and changes on databases. Technical environment: Oracle, Oracle E-Business Suite, Oracle Advanced Planning, MS SQL, SQL Server, R2, scripting (PL/SQL, Unix), SolarWinds DPA, Oracle Middleware, Oracle SOA Suite, Linux, AIX, App_Sync, NetBackup, Tivoli, Isilon, Commvault, OEM/Toad, Python, Hyperion, Datawarehouse; IBM Power 8, RHEL, XTTS, Transportable Tablespaces (TTS), SAN Synchronization SRDF; Dictionary views, AWR (Stats pack), ADDM, MongoDB, DB2, OEM, RHEL HP-UX, IBM-AIX, DGMGRL, RMAN, OEM Grid Control, OEM 12c Cloud control, EMC SAN, Toad, Datapump, SQLLoader, Putty. Position Requirements Master’s degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or any Engineering field plus 3 years of experience in the job offered or with database/server administration/implementation/installation OR Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or any Engineering field plus 5 years of experience in the job offered or with database/server administration/implementation/installation required. Required Skills: Installation, configuration, monitoring, troubleshooting, upgrading and migrating Oracle & SQL servers, maintaining high availability and disaster recover procedures; migrating Oracle RAC and non-RAC databases with and without ASM; administration of Oracle applications (E-business Suite, Advanced Planning, RAC); cloning, recovery, backup technologies (NetBackup, Tivoli, Isilon and Commvault), OEM/Toad, FAILOVER & Switchover of Oracle RAC, SQL Server, R2, scripting (PL/SQL, Unix) coding, stored procedures, functions, packages, triggers to enforce the referential integrity constraints and business rules; tuning SGA/PGA parameters, initialization parameters, reorganizing physical objects (tables & indexes) and tablespaces to improve performance. Must hold Oracle Database Certification. Application Instructions Any applicant who is interested in this position may apply online: www.Panduit.com Ref: AN Panduit Corporation