ProHEALTH is one of the largest private multi-specialty medical practices in the Northeast and has been serving the health needs of Long Island and the Greater New York Metropolitan area since 1997. With over 900 providers in 300 locations, our goal is to provide quality health care to ensure that our patients get the right care at the right time. We’re a dynamic and growing health care organization, offering a wide range of employment opportunities. We are seeking professional and dedicated individuals to be part of our team, where integrity, compassion, relationships, innovation and performance are among our core principles. We offer our employees competitive compensation and benefits, flexibility and opportunity for growth and advancement. Job Description Network Security Architect will perform the lead SME & internal Consultant role to various IT Infrastructure, Clinical Application and Radiology Projects. Interface with the various Project Teams to design and implement highly secure, redundant and reliable network solutions across the data centers, campus network and remote sites. Define and enforce rules for network security controls (both infrastructure, cloud and web application), intrusion prevention systems and virtual private networks Work in collaboration with global team to develop and implement global network security standards. Provide Level 3 to maintain high availability and performance of the security & network infrastructure. Identify Security & technology gaps, develop and implement appropriate solutions to mitigate same. Create and maintain detailed network & security documentation. Establish & maintain relationship with vendors and business partners to plan, implement and deploy secure solutions. Requirements At least 5 years of experience of design and implementation of IT security network infrastructure with Palo Alto and Cisco Firewalls At least 5 years of network experience, strong routing and switching skills Expert Level knowledge cloud computing security infrastructure Expert Knowledge of networking protocols such as TCP/IP suite Expert knowledge of dynamic routing protocols, EIGRP, BGP, OSPF, IPSEC, etc. Knowledge of authentication protocols such as RADIUS, TACAS+ etc. Mid Level Knowledge of Voice infrastructure Eligible for licensure in New York State ProHEALTH strives to maintain a workplace that accepts and appreciates the differences among our employees. The company will not discriminate against any applicant or employee based on age, race, gender, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, marital status, covered veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, status with respect to public assistance or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law.