RESPONSIBILITIES If you're looking to jumpstart your career in the exciting world of Information Security, you've come to the right place! We are seeking qualified candidates to join our rapidly expanding global Information Security Services division. As a Security Analyst, your responsibilities may include: Managing and executing multiple complex information security, privacy and compliance projects under the direction of a senior consultant; Mastering and utilizing leading software tools to track your work, analyze data and deliver services; Interfacing with corporate clients and internal stakeholders, often at senior levels; Driving proactive and reactive communications with clients and team members; Creating customized reports of work performed, observations and recommendations; and Assessing, recommending and implementing technical and administrative risk management controls. Special projects, as needed QUALIFICATIONS As a Security Analyst, you are (a): Creative thinker – You are curious and unafraid to ask questions Focused – You are detail oriented and thorough Hard worker – You are industrious and diligent in everything you do Socially Intelligent – You get along well with people at all levels and communicate ideas clearly Innovator – You are willing to initiate changes and introduce new ideas Hungry – You want to learn and master new concepts and skills, then come back for more Your experience includes: A 4-year BS or BA degree in the preferred concentrations: Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology, Information Assurance, Cybersecurity or Management of Information Systems; Strong background with Microsoft Excel, Access, and Word; Familiarity with standard computer operating systems, networks and hardware; Excellent analytical skills; Efficient multi-tasking abilities; Excellent written and oral communication skills; Ability to create exceptional, detail oriented, client deliverables; and Flexibility to meet the travel requirements of client service projects. Bonus points for: Strong hardware and software troubleshooting technical experience; Ability to program in languages such as: C, Java, Python, Pearl, Bash scripting, PHP, etc.; or Courses, degrees or certifications related to information security. OVERVIEW Information Security Services is a division of TransPerfect Legal Solutions (TLS) , the industry leader in multilingual legal support services. Since 1992, TLS has been providing a comprehensive suite of solutions that facilitates every aspect of our clients' legal matters. Our offerings include a full e-discovery package (collections, processing, hosting, and production) as well as a plethora of other services ranging from court reporting to virtual data rooms for M&A; and bankruptcy cases, TLS is the definitive one-stop-shop for the global legal industry. As a specialized division of TransPerfect Inc., the world's largest privately-owned language services provider, TLS is the only legal support services provider that also offers a full array of translation, interpretation, and other multilingual solutions. Please visit us at www.transperfectlegal.com to find out more. TransPerfect is an equal opportunity employer. TransPerfect offers a comprehensive benefits package including: medical, dental, vision, 401k, paid time-off, company sponsored life insurance, long term disability, flexible spending account options, and a pro-active and accessible HR department that focuses on the staff’s health and happiness. For more information on the TransPerfect Family of Companies, please visit our website at www.transperfect.com.