Apcera is an Ericsson company. Ericsson is one of the leading providers of Information and Communication Technology to service providers, with about 40% of the world’s mobile traffic carried through our networks. We enable the full value of connectivity by creating game-changing technology and services that are easy to use, adopt and scale, making our customers successful in a fully connected world. For more than 140 years, our ideas, technology and people have changed the world: real turning points that have transformed lives, industries and society as a whole. Apcera delivers enterprise-grade cloud and workload management capabilities where security is never an afterthought, all while keeping the technologies that our stakeholders love close to the core. Working with the close-knit Apcera team to support Ericsson, you’ll be part of a team where ideas, innovation, and diversity are embraced and celebrated. The Corporate IT team is a small but mighty duo who is working to integrate Apcera’s systems with Ericsson’s. As a Corporate IT Systems Administrator, you will be challenged to troubleshoot problems, implement services, find inefficiencies and solutions, handle day-to-day support requests, and most importantly be a positive resource to our customers, the employees of Apcera. This role is ideal for an ambitious Systems Engineer or Administrator who can take on the responsibilities of being on a small team, wearing many hats, being self-motivated, and performing at a high level. RESPONSIBILITIES: Support the current infrastructure across the entire corporate infrastructure: VMware ESXi and vSphere, AWS, Network & Infrastructure, AV & Video Conferencing, user systems support, Linux & Windows server support, Storage Appliance, application support (Google Apps, DropBox, JIRA, Confluence, GitHub, Slack, etc.) Support the transition of IT services to Ericsson services (Microsoft Office, Active Directory, Exchange, SharePoint, Skype, etc.) Provide ongoing support for Ericsson related IT services Develop and manage system/security policies, monitoring, analytics, optimizations, backups operations and ensure compliance. Provide technical support to employees. Provide quality and regular documentation for systems, networks, change management and incident response. REQUIREMENTS: 4+ years in systems administration. Advanced Mac OS X System Administration experience in a corporate environment. Prior experience with Windows in an Active Directory environment. Networking experience: IDF/Server Room management, Firewalls, Switching/Routing, VLAN, DHCP, DNS, VPN. Be able to lift up to 50 lbs. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Strong communication and customer engagement skills Good sense of humor Experience with... JAMF Suite (Huge plus – possible opportunities to develop and shape Macs for Ericsson on a company-wide level) Linux Administration Advanced VMWare Administration