Job Description At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers’ expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers’ financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members. Let’s talk about building a rewarding career You’ve got the passion. You’ve got the skills. Now you just need the right opportunity. At Wells Fargo, you’ll have the chance to join a team of intelligent and talented people who share the same values. Our diverse lines of business offer a world of opportunity to expand your capabilities and advance your career. We invest in our people and provide a supportive environment in which to learn and grow. Corporate Strategy Wells Fargo Corporate Strategy leads internal strategy consulting projects across Wells Fargo, including the creation of an enterprise-wide strategic plan every year. The multi-disciplinary team drives forward-looking thought leadership on a broad range of topics, develops and implements strategy for important opportunities and challenges, and works with Senior Management and the Board of Directors to ensure strategic alignment across the company. The Role We are looking for a talented consultant to support our team’s work by leading the design and execution of consulting projects, analyzing strategic problems, and creating and presenting strategy recommendations that help us accomplish Wells Fargo’s strategic goals. The Corporate Strategy team is involved in a wide-variety of high-priority projects across the company and so we are looking for consultants who are self-driven with a broad skill-base, business acumen, and exceptional stakeholder, analytical, communication and project management skills. Examples of projects completed by the team include the development of the annual Wells Fargo strategic plan; the creation of an enterprise-wide consumer strategy; market entry and build versus buy assessments; and the development of playbooks for enterprise-wide events (e.g., Cybersecurity Incidents, Recovery and Resolution Governance Mechanisms). The successful candidate will be assigned to work on projects based on capacity, capability, and interest, working with other members of the Corporate Strategy team and other Wells Fargo team members. The position will report to one of the leaders of the Corporate Strategy team. The role’s responsibilities may include (but are not limited to) the following: Conducting competitive assessments, consumer research, financial analysis, and industry research as an input to understanding Wells Fargo’s relative position and to determine future strategy Supporting the evaluation of strategic options and development of recommendations for projects that are enterprise-wide (e.g., surveying trends in the marketplace and how assessing how we should respond) or specific to a specific area of Wells Fargo (e.g., creating a plan to grow revenue for a given line of business over the next 5 years) Supporting the development of documents and presentations for senior management and regulators, including data gathering and analysis (from business partners and external sources) as well as content and presentation creation Assisting with the design and delivery of complex, enterprise-wide projects by partnering with stakeholders and team members and leveraging firm-wide resources Must be able to work in the locations listed below: No telecommuting available for this role Required Qualifications 2+ years of strategic planning experience; or a Master's degree or higher in fields such as business, finance, or economics 2 + years of experience in one or a combination of the following: strategic planning, initiative management or project management 1+ year of market research experience 1+ year of product strategy development experience Desired Qualifications Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Ability to interact with integrity and a high level of professionalism with all levels of team members and management Ability to communicate trends and impacts to mid-senior level management Ability to think strategically, implement, and deliver business objectives Strong collaboration and partnering skills Strong attention to detail and accuracy skills Strong time management skills and ability to meet deadlines Ability to work effectively in a team environment and across all organizational levels, where flexibility, collaboration, and adaptability are important Other Desired Qualifications Experience in strategy, product development, project management, or a similarly strategic role Analytical capabilities to assess disparate financial data, market research reports, and project documents, and draw conclusions and tell a cogent story of findings Experience managing and tracking programs, projects, and initiatives to completion Experience working with cross-functional teams across a highly matrixed enterprise, engaging stakeholders with a variety of points of view, and making appropriate compromises while still achieving project goals Street Address MN-Minneapolis: 600 S 4th St - Minneapolis, MN IA-West Des Moines: 7001 Westown Pkwy - West Des Moines, IA Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.