H.B. Fuller is a leading global adhesives provider focusing on perfecting adhesives, sealants and other specialty chemicals across all industries throughout the world. While our products are virtually invisible, they play a vital role in ensuring the quality of modern life and we are committed to connecting what matters to solve some of the world's biggest adhesion challenges. IT Infrastructure Architect; St. Paul, MN H.B. Fuller is seeking an experienced Infrastructure Architect who has primary responsibility for being the internal expert who develops and manages the overall infrastructure architecture. The Infrastructure Architect typically designs and manages the integration systems of servers, load balancers, storage arrays, virtual environments, operating systems, networks, and core infrastructure hardware, software, and integration points. In addition, the Infrastructure Architect will be responsible for driving the IT tool selection based on business and IT strategy, cost, supportability, security and performance. Description: The IT Architect will be involved in a variety of infrastructure areas within the global Information Technology department. Frequent communication with H.B. Fuller management and staff in all regions is expected for design options, systems interfaces, troubleshooting, performance tuning, and other new project activity. The Infrastructure Architect will also be expected to lead primary mergers and acquisitions and IT/Business integration and design strategy. Some international travel may be required. There is minimal on-call expectation for this role. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Standards development and management [25%] Develop and maintain standards hardware and software platforms for the global company. This role is also the technical approver for purchase requests for these platforms. Gather buy-in from the Server, Network and Deskside services groups along with the regional IT teams. Design and implement required policy and process for internal IT needs (primarily ITIL problem, change, config and availability management. With Sr. management to translate the IT overall strategy into the detailed tool and process plan for the internal IT departments. Architecture and process model [50%] Develop and maintain IT systems architecture blueprint and plan (documentation) consisting of a documentation reference library, architecture models (landscape), standards and implementation base. Engineer lead for cross-functional project activities of all sizes, location, and complexity. Provides technical guidance and mentoring on engineering challenges for all engineering levels in the group. Understands the overall system impact to any particular change or engineering effort and how it relates to users, supports established standards, impacts financials, and supports business objectives. Develop and maintain availability, performance and security objectives complete with operational metrics with a goal of building a secure, high performing architecture at the required levels of availability. Work with Server, Network, and Deskside managers to implement these metrics. Engineering Support [10%] Provide as needed engineering support, technical problem solving, and assistance with production support. Primary engineer for M&A; activity coordinating the primary technology objectives to meet the business needs. Documentation and Communication [15%] Prepare documentation for the systems, scripts, procedures in accordance with department and corporate standards while building and disseminating knowledge of key business processes. Prepare and submit project status and/or other reports to the Project Manager or Infrastructure Manager as required. Develop and maintain effective working relationships with global users and management. Provide user training as necessary for optimum use of the system. Understand market trending in hardware and software technology, and be informed of the latest techniques, technologies, and practices. Responsible for IT management and user engineering presentations and able to convey project criticality and garner buy-in from senior leadership on priority project activity. Requirements: Bachelors in BA, CS or MIS 12 years of broad and deep on-the-job Infrastructure related experience Some international travel is required Deeper networking (voice, data, routing, etc.) Enterprise antivirus operation, support and management Storage Management (SAN/NAS/Direct) and backup fundamentals VMWare, Citrix, Active Directory Microsoft technology stack (DNS, DHCP, WINS, WSUS, Windows Server) IT Service Management (Remedy, LANDesk, ServiceNow, Heat) Network, server, PC, cloud, and interoperability including homogeneous perspectives Scripting background (Powershell, PERL, Python, …) Understands key business process issues and their relationship to technology common to any company of similar size and complexity as H.B. Fuller Preferred Qualifications include: Converged architecture experience Cross-platform server management support ability (Solaris, HP/UX, Linux, Unix) General desktop experience (WINS, OS, patching, troubleshooting) Microsoft MCSE, VMWare VCP/VCAP Cisco, ITIL or related certifications Manufacturing ERP/shop floor/MRP, finance, HR, Law and other business process familiarity Fluency in English plus other languages (Spanish, Italian, French, Portuguese, Chinese) For more information and to apply, go to: http://jobs.hbfuller.com/ www.connectingwhatmatters.com www.hbfuller.com/connect Required Skills Required Experience