Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leader in digital services with pro forma annual revenue of circa € 12 billion and circa 100,000 employees in 72 countries. Serving a global client base, the Group provides Consulting & Systems Integration services, Managed Services & BPO, Cloud operations, Big Data & Cyber-security solutions, as well as transactional services through Worldline, the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry. With its deep technology expertise and industry knowledge, the Group works with clients across different business sectors: Defense, Financial Services, Health, Manufacturing, Media, Utilities, Public sector, Retail, Telecommunications, and Transportation. Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. The Group is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and is listed on the Euronext Paris market. Atos operates under the brands Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Atos Migration services team is seeking an Imaging and Deployment Process consultant that can design, implement and execute new migration strategies using new implementaiton technologies and toolsets. This person needs to be dynamic, experinced and an out-of-the-box thinker. This person must collaborate well with team members to develop customer solutions, be willing to travel ann train and lead technical resources in delivery activities. Required Skills OS Deployment utilizing Configuration Manager (2012 preferred) and standalone Microsoft Deployment Toolkit (MDT). Experience with the development and maintenance of images using Deployment and Imaging Servicing Management (DISM) and/or Image and Configuration Designer ( ICD). Experience developing User State Migration Toolkit (USMT) rule and configuration files. Scripting and automation via Visual Basic Script (VBS) and/or PowerShell (PS). Desktop support and troubleshooting experience. Packaging of drivers and standard software suites (Microsoft Office, Adobe Reader/Flash) Ability to clearly communicate with customers and document solutions. Required Fundamental Knowledge Group Policy Objects (GPO) Active Directory (AD) Windows Filesystem and Registry Networking Concepts (TCP/IP, DNS) Security (Permissions, AntiVirus, Firewalls, etc) Desired Experience (Not Required) Mac OS Imaging SCCM Software Distribution and patch management Deploying Windows 10 Implementing Zero Touch (ZTI) deployments utilizing MDTDB SCCM Reporting Application Packaging Your Application If you wish to apply for this position, please click below to complete our online application form and attach your CV in either Word, rtf or text format. Atos does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, sex, age, disability or sexual orientation. All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and relevant business requirements. We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to the applications process for people with disabilities.