Transform your infrastructure for the digital era: Today’s customers want seamless, intuitive and personalized experiences while they’re using products and services. The digital era is making companies like yours to transform through technology to stay relevant. Your business must be always-on and your infrastructure must predict change before it happens, to act fast and put a smile on the faces of users. Cognizant is helping you prepare for the digital era, with infrastructure services that are transforming the face of enterprises. We can help your business maximize the potential of automation and a software defined data center (SDDC), by delivering services through a business-aligned catalog model. What you'll be doing: Your qualifications Enterprise Mobility, User Profiling, BYOD, Mobile Device Management, Remote Desktop, VDI Provide consultative engagements to support client Enterprise Mobility and Mobility strategies as they would like the implementation of Digital initiatives to support enterprise end user computing. Demonstrable ability to provide strategy and analysis to advise clients on the transformation of their current mobility environment into a BYOD or hybrid BYOD and Company Owned environment Understanding of the Mobility Marketplace and client issues with Mobility, particularly as they pertain to Enterprise Mobility Project experience with implementations or migrations between MDM/MAM platforms. Experience with O365 and Mobile integrations including Multifactor (MFA) and certificate-based authentication schemes Hands on or design experience with at least two of the following MDM/MAM platforms Microsoft EMS/In tune , Mobile Iron , Mobile Iron, Air watch, Good,Citrix. Experience and knowledge with PCs, smartphones and tablets as deployed and supported in Enterprises, especially those from: Apple – iPhone, iPad Samsung Rim - BlackBerry Microsoft (Windows 10) - Autopilot Google Amazon Mobile application and security Policy development Excellent Writing Excellent Speaking Modeling skills with Excel User Profile development and assessments to resolve mobility needs for specific jobs Plan and conduct client interviews Develop, deploy, correlate and analyze employee surveys Samples of work required (Authored documents, presentations, etc.) Ability to develop and deliver design documentation Confirmed analytical capability Cloud based architecture experience Cost analysis and modeling experience Additional experience/tasks for this position - prior experience customer facing and technical skills including ability to develop “trusted advisor” relationship with Enterprise customers Project Management experience a plus Assessment of customer's environment Project plan development. Documentation for migration plan. Development of deployment and test plans. Experience working as a team leader within a process/project-oriented organization. Significant experience within a large scale Enterprise customer/employers Disciplined approach to problem solving and resolution. Self-driven and inventive to achieve goals independently as well as work well in groups. Flexibility to adjust to changing requirements, schedules and priorities. The ability to socialize ideas, make recommendations and capture team consensus to move forward. you should be able to effectively communicate both orally and in writing to technical and non-technical audiences at all levels in an organization; develop procedural documentation; develop and conduct effective presentations; effectively demonstrate products and solutions; and be able to write customer proposals 10+ years Enterprise, 5+ years Mobility Hands on or design experience with at least two of the following MDM/MAM platforms Microsoft EMS/In tune , Mobile Iron , Mobile Iron, Air watch, Good,Citrix Experience and knowledge with PCs, smartphones and tablets as deployed and supported in Enterprises, especially those from: Apple – iPhone, iPad Samsung Rim - BlackBerry Microsoft (Windows 10) - Autopilot Google Amazon Mobile application and security Policy development Job Location : Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 25 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.