Overview At Perficient you’ll deliver mission-critical technology and business solutions to Fortune 500 companies and some of the most recognized brands on the planet. And you’ll do it with cutting-edge technologies, thanks to our close partnerships with the world’s biggest vendors. Our network of offices across North America, as well as locations in India and China, will give you the opportunity to spread your wings, too. We’re proud to be publicly recognized as a “Top Workplace” year after year. This is due, in no small part, to our entrepreneurial attitude and collaborative spirit that sets us apart and keeps our colleagues impassioned, driven, and fulfilled. Perficient currently has a career opportunity for a Java Developers in the Detroit market to contribute on Cloud engagements. This is an opportunity to grow your skills and be trained in cutting edge technologies. This is a full- time opportunity with a competitive salary, bonuses, and full benefits. As a Java Developer you will participate in all aspects of the software development lifecycle which includes estimating, technical design, implementation, documentation, testing, deployment and support of application developed for our clients. As a member working in a team environment you will work with Solution Architects and Developers on interpretation/translation of wireframes and creative designs into functional requirements, and subsequently into technical design. Responsibilities Responsible for implementing all or part of the technical solution to the client in accordance with an agreed upon technical design. Occasionally responsible for providing a detailed technical design for enterprise solutions. Understands a broad spectrum of technology in order to provide part or all of a detailed technical design which meets customer requirements. Often leads small-to-medium technical projects. Works with and under the direction of the Project/Technical Manager and with customer nominated representatives. Liaises with Solutions Architect as appropriate. Provides technical support and input on the application of technology to a defined business segment. Provides advice on solution and integration opportunities to defined segments. Provides technical leadership on specific integration activities that are part of an engagement. Provides planning and design support for the development of solution architectures that will be implemented in a multiple system environment. Qualifications At least four years of professional experience and a Bachelor of Computer Science or equivalent degree; without a degree, three additional years of relevant professional experience. 3-5 years of experience in core Java & J2EE. Experience in Spring framework, Spring Boot and microservices a plus Experience working in an agile environment. Test Driven Development (TDD) experience preferred Experience in Cloud technologies such as Pivotal, IBM Bluemix, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform (GCP) a plus. Experienced in Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) methodologies preferred. Strong debugging, problem solving, and investigative skills. Ability to assimilate disparate information (log files, error messages etc.) and pursue leads to find root cause problems Able to communicate and present complex issues with assurance and confidence Demonstrates the use of consulting skills including questioning, listening, idea development, permission and rapport, and influencing Perficient full-time employees receive complete and competitive benefits. We offer a collaborative work environment, competitive compensation, generous work/life opportunities and an outstanding benefits package that includes paid time off plus holidays. In addition, all colleagues are eligible for a number of rewards and recognition programs including billable bonus opportunities. Encouraging a healthy work/life balance and providing our colleagues great benefits are just part of what makes Perficient a great place to work. More About Perficient Perficient is the leading digital transformation consulting firm serving Global 2000 and enterprise customers throughout North America. With unparalleled information technology, management consulting and creative capabilities, Perficient and its Perficient Digital agency deliver vision, execution and value with outstanding digital experience, business optimization and industry solutions. Our work enables clients to improve productivity and competitiveness; grow and strengthen relationships with customers, suppliers and partners; and reduce costs. Perficient's professionals serve clients from a network of offices across North America and offshore locations in India and China. Traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, Perficient is a member of the Russell 2000 index and the S&P; SmallCap 600 index. _Perficient is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national, origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law._ _Disclaimer:_ _The above statements are not intended to be a complete statement of job content, rather to act as a guide to the essential functions performed by the employee assigned to this classification. Management retains the discretion to add or change the duties of the position at any time._ LI-JS1