Who is Eventellect? Eventellect is the go-to partner for data-conscious sports and entertainment executives seeking to optimize ticket yield, revenue, and brand equity. We manage ticket inventory in real time across multiple online sales channels via our proprietary software platform, market trend analysis, and pricing algorithms. We create value for our various partners through our custom ticket management solutions. What are we looking for? We are looking for passionate, innovative, and driven people who want to be part of our growing company. We are actively expanding our Data Science team and are looking for an experienced Data Scientist. The Data Science team partners cross-functionally with departments (especially Pricing and Software) to drive actionable insights and solutions from rich, varied datasets. The _perfect_ candidate will have an excellent quantitative background, ability to address abstract business and engineering problems with extreme precision, the enthusiasm and attentiveness to self-start, and a comfortability communicating solutions to all levels of organizational leadership. What would you do? Assist the Data Science team in unearthing novel insights, serving as a “storyteller” Develop, test, and deploy predictive models; particular emphasis will be placed on unsupervised machine learning to augment existing business strategies Analyze and elucidate market pricing (in)efficiencies; build tools with automated alerting capabilities Conduct exploratory research, conveying findings into business cases for organizational action Visualize data, distilling key insights with sensibility and simplicity in mind Consult organizational leadership with strategic guidance on offering different services to different partners based on changing needs Facilitate novel data ingestion in tandem with Data Engineers Educate junior team members on best practices What do you bring? Penchant for critically assessing business processes and developing high-impact improvements or solutions Excellent technology skills that are used as a tool to maximize productivity and quality Disciplined decision-making and analytical skills with the ability to adapt and collaborate in a competitive and evolving environment Ability to work well under pressure and manage multiple tasks simultaneously; agility in a high-paced work environment Effective communication tactics for technical and non-technical audiences Enthusiasm for sports and live events Solid command of core business principles Commitment to safeguarding confidential information What is required to succeed? Bachelor’s Degree (B.A., B.S.) or graduate degree (preferred) Quantitative background in statistics, computer science, math, engineering or other technical field At least 4-5 years of experience in quantitative analysis At least 2-3 years of end-to-end experience developing/deploying unsupervised machine learning models Expert-level ability utilizing analysis tools – SQL and R/Python with demonstrable familiarity with code and programming concepts Advanced data visualization experience (i.e. ggplot, Tableau, Looker, MicroStrategy, etc.) Proficiency in Microsoft Office with expertise in Excel Ability to travel a few times per year Bonus: Experience with sentiment analysis, Natural Language Processing, Deep Learning, Computer Vision What are the perks of working at Eventellect? A fast-growing company that’s respected in Houston (Houston Business Journal’s Best Places to Work 2017) and nationally (INC 5000 list of fastest-growing companies 7 years in a row). A competitive salary and bonus potential A comprehensive benefits package, including 90% employee medical coverage, as well as dental and vision coverage, basic term life insurance and short-term disability coverage Unlimited paid vacation policy A $1,000 annual ticket budget to spend on sports and other live events