About the Role As a Senior Azure Infrastructure Architect, you will lead teams to plan, analyze, design, build, test and deploy enterprise Microsoft technology infrastructures in the Azure Public Cloud. You will apply functional knowledge and technical expertise in the designing of systems to support customer needs and you will contribute to our vast repository of intellectual property. Additionally, you will coach, train, and mentor team members and customers. And, you will occasionally be involved in the selling of Avanade solutions, proposal development, change requirements, some marketing/PR initiatives, and developing customer relationships and analyzing the customer's business. You are involved with the following: Azure infrastructure enterprise level projects that design and deploy cloud environments for hosting business application services Designing, testing, and implementing application services migrations in both a manual and automated manner Working closely with client operational resources in updating their on-premise practices to include cloud Managed a combination of on-shore and off-shore resources Working closely with application, network, and security teams to ensure requirements are reflected appropriately in the Azure design Travel to client locations as needed About you You are a solid technologist with strong business skills. You are as comfortable working with a technical team as with client business users, and you know how to build bridges between the two. With your excellent communications skills, you are adept at mapping business needs to technology solutions and helping non-technical audiences understand the benefits of these solutions. Your skillset likely includes: Consulting experience with large scale migrations to Microsoft Azure. Knowledge of infrastructure solutions, especially in relation to Microsoft programs, platform migration, system security, enterprise directories, and cloud technologies. Knowledge of operation management, systems security, testing, databases and mobility considerations. Working with global teams and offshore resources. Communicating and presenting complex information to technical and non-technical stakeholders, both verbally and in written form. You likely have a Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, computer engineering, management information systems, information technology, or a similar field. An equivalent combination of education and experience may substitute for a degree. Within two years of hire or credential availability, you will obtain a Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA) certification in Windows Server and a Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE) certification in Server Infrastructure. Qualifications At least 5 years implementing enterprise-class technologies in the Microsoft ecosystem 1 - 2 years of consulting and leadership expertise with large-scale migrations to Microsoft Azure Consulting, leadership and technical experience with: Microsoft Azure IAAS, PAAS Azure architectures suitable for global organizations incorporating performance, Backup and DR, availability, and management & monitoring technologies for Azure Cloud networking technologies such as SDN, native and third party networking technologies, load balancers, application gateways, virtual networks and subnetting Cloud storage capabilities including standard, premium, managed and unmanaged disks Database technologies in the cloud (IAAS and PAAS) including SQL, Oracle Identity technologies integration with public cloud including Active Directory, ADFS or other federation technologies Hybrid and Private Cloud network integration with ExpressRoute, MPLS Cloud security technologies such as OMS/M365, encryption in transit and at rest, firewall/NSG configuration Automation in the Cloud including ARM templates, PowerShell DSC and Azure Automation Avanade® Is An Equal Opportunity Employer. Avanade prohibits discrimination and harassment against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, sexual identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, veteran, military or marital status, genetic information or any other protected status. Requisition ID - 52252 Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.com.