The Data Analyst (DA) is primarily responsible for extracting and analyzing relevant data from existing systems, designing reports and delivering thoughtful, clear and concise presentations on the results of analysis to management and / or boards of directors to advance or improve quality and clinical outcomes and achieve organizational goals. The DA must possess exemplary interpersonal skills and broad knowledge of methods for synthesizing data into information consumable by management and staff, demonstrating proficiency in business processes. This person is also responsible for creating, implementing, and maintaining data to support quality improvement projects and initiatives, quality of care goals, and patient management programs. The DA must demonstrate the ability to work independently on complex analytical projects and collaboratively with various managers and executives. ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES : 1\. Responsible for coordinating activities by other Data Analysts as well as other Data Reporting activities 2\. Participate in business analysis activities to gather reporting requirements. Translate business requirements into specifications that will be used to implement the required reports and dashboards, created from potentially multiple data sources. 3\. Designs reports and include tools that can help others understand data, such as dashboards, charts, and graphs. 4\. Surveys systems, databases, data repositories, and departmental workflows for data collection and designs solutions to improve efficiency in data gathering and accuracy at the entry point. Identifies practices and/or protocols to ensure validity of data (i.e. relevance, accuracy, usability, etc.). 5\. Assists with data audits in various environments to maximizing the value of data reporting systems; provides recommendation(s) for changes or upgrades of data reporting systems as needed. 6\. Studies the data repositories for clinical, operational, financial and performance data, for continuous improvement of reporting and enhanced relevance of data points across multiple systems. Works towards data integration where possible while ensuring data integrity across multiple programs, services, and sites. 7\. Identifies potential or actual discrepancies in data reporting systems, and then works to solve inaccuracies and/or reconcile data. 8\. Maps relationships between databases and reporting systems. Illustrates data relationships across multiple databases, with the ability to understand and explain relationships to users of the information. 9\. Determines priorities and method of completing daily workload to ensure responsibilities are carried out timely. 10\. Develops standardized client surveys, matrices, and dashboards that accelerate management access to data reporting. 11\. Meets with key management and staff, practicing good interpersonal skills to clarify, extract and define data needs for decision-making. 12\. Facilitates improved understanding of data systems for laypersons to enhance use of data in everyday work with an aim at increasing quality standards, productivity and efficiency. 13\. Presents data sets in a manner that is user-friendly and facilitates learning/understanding at various levels (i.e. line staff, supervisors, executive and Boards of Directors). 14\. Manipulates and reports data from various sources; interprets meaning of data and provides accurate analysis; and maintains working knowledge of assigned systems through formal vendor training and self-guided instruction. 15\. Interprets the needs of the user to build ad hoc and custom reports; establishes reporting systems for regular periodic reports. 16\. Assists clients in expressing and defining data requirements; draws “rough” data reports and works with clients to further define data sets to best meet the clients’ needs. 17\. Presents data reporting both formally and informally at department or management meetings. Manages questions / answers on data reporting and utilizes feedback to further develop data systems and reporting parameters. 18\. Ensure proper configuration management and change controls are implemented for production reports. 19\. Conducts all reporting and data mining in compliance with privacy, confidentiality and proprietary regulations and policies. 20\. Performs other related duties as assigned. Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE: Bachelor’s degree in information technology or credential in health information technology, preferred and/or four years of experience using enterprise class data reporting, information, and decision support tools for management and operational reporting, required. Experience with databases, reporting software, data extraction and data presentation tools required. Experience with Microsoft Office suite required and EPIC EMR system or MAS 200, preferred. Experience in the health care field preferred. Working knowledge of data security and privacy laws preferred (e.g. HIPAA). Familiarity with EHR and other clinical systems preferred. OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Strong organizational skills. Strong problem-solving skills. Detail oriented. Excellent communication skills. Able to deal with frequent changes, delays, or unexpected events. Strong interaction skills with management and staff.