Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Los Angeles, CA, USA; Ann Arbor, MI, USA; Chapel Hill, NC, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA; Portland, OR, USA; Washington, DC, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; Cambridge, MA, USA; Madison, WI, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; San Bruno, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; Pittsburgh, PA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA Research happens across Google everyday, in many different teams. Our research has already impacted user-facing services across Google including Search, Maps and Google Now. Google AI teams are actively pursuing the next generation of intelligent systems for application to even more Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest techniques in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, and we’re looking for students with a demonstrated research background to contribute to our research. We do research differently here. Research Scientists aren't cloistered in the lab, but instead they work closely with Software Engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, Research Scientists and Software Engineers work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine perception, data mining, machine learning, natural language understanding, and much more. You stay connected to your research roots as a contributor to the wider research community by partnering with universities and publishing papers. There is always more information out there, and our research teams have a quest to find new ways to make it accessible and useful. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing and enhancing all other offerings too. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications. Develop solutions for real world, large scale problems. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Must be currently enrolled in a BS, MS or PhD degree program in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience, and must be returning to the program after the completion of the internship. Experience (classroom or work related) in Natural Language Understanding, Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Science, Data Mining and/or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence). Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including: C/C++, Java, MATLAB or Python. Experience with research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers (being listed as author) at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc. Preferred qualifications: Relevant work experience, including full time industry experience or as a researcher in a lab. Strong publication record with four or more publications at conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, etc. Ability to design and execute on research agenda. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.