This position is expected to support the Assistant and/or Chief Engineer in the day-to-day maintenance, repair, and efficient operation of all building systems and equipment. In particular, the Engineer will be expected to perform routine maintenance and repairs of all HVAC, boiler, heating, refrigeration, water, and energy systems to ensure the effective operation of the facility. Job Description Responsibilities Operation, maintenance, and repair of all boilers, heaters, pumps, valves, appurtenances and lines used in the distribution of steam and heated or processed water. Operation, maintenance and repair of refrigerant compressors, condensers, evaporators, traps, transfer pumps, expansion valves, stop valves, float valves, together with all refrigerant lines and devices used to control temperature, and air conditioning systems in their entirety. Operation, maintenance and repair of pumps handling water or other secondary refrigerating liquids together with all valves, appurtenances and lines used in the system. Operation, maintenance and repair of air compressors, together with distribution lines and all valves and devices for air control. Operation, maintenance and repair of all natural and manufactured gas distribution lines, including all valves and control devices. Operation, maintenance and repair of water filters, softeners, piping and pumps used in conjunction with water distribution, including all sinks and toilet bowls, including all supply lines, drains, water lines, control devices and sprinkler systems. Operation, maintenance and repair of all types of electrical motors and engines used to power pumps, compressors and fans. Maintenance of elevators except where this type of equipment is serviced and maintained by specialized contractors. Operation, maintenance and repair of building automation systems for HVAC, including consoles, data gathering panels, remote sensors and indicating devices. Operation, maintenance and repair of sanitary sewer systems, sump pumps including basins, water closets, urinals and piping. Maintenance and repair of trash compactors, including electrical and hydraulic systems. Maintenance and repair of all kitchen equipment excluding tenant owned equipment. General Maintenance may including but not limited to: Repairs on toilet facilities including soap dispensers. Repairs on registers and radiators. Replacement of lamps and cleaning of light fixtures. Removing ceiling tile. Minor repairs on furniture and floors. Maintaining and/or replacing door hardware. Repair of floor maintenance equipment and Venetian blinds. Maintenance painting in equipment rooms, cooling tower and other building facilities. Assist in the replacement of filters in the HVAC equipment. General cleaning in mechanicals paces and perimeter inductions units Cleanup of equipment in engine room and shop. Miscellaneous handyman work requiring the limited use of hand tools. Replace fire extinguishers whenneeded. Requirements Minimum of 2 to 4 years of experience in commercial building operations and maintenance. Experience in operation, maintenance and basic repair of HVAC, boilers, heaters, pumps, refrigerant systems, compressors, gas lines, water systems, and the like. Knowledgeable in energy management systems, techniques and operations. Thorough knowledge in all building systems operations, maintenance and repair. Excellent interpersonal skills in dealing with tenants, clients and vendors. Possess any permits or licenses required by law or code (e.g., refrigeration license, etc.). Physical Requirements While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to travel from floor to floor and may be required to travel outside between buildings in varying outdoor weather conditions The employee may also be regularly required to sit or stand for prolonged periods of time Regularly use hands to operate office machinery including, but not limited to, telephones, computers, fax, and photocopy machines Regularly required to walk, talk, and hear Cushman & Wakefield provides equal employment opportunity. Discrimination of any type will not be tolerated. Cushman & Wakefield is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law.