Battleground primarily produces metal alkyls, sold primarily as co-catalysts to major thermoplastic resins and rubber manufacturers (producers of polyethylene, polypropylene, and EPDM). The product line is complex with over 30 metal alkyl products (plus formulations) produced at Battleground. Products are extremely hazardous (pyrophoric, meaning they ignite on contact with air) and are highly reactive with water. The site also manufactures High Purity Metal Organics (HPMO) for the semi-conductor and LED industries. Key Objective of Position: Have global responsibility for High Purity Metal Organic (HPMO) and Metal Alkyls (MA) quality process. Manage activities of the Battleground Site HPMO/MA Quality Control department. This includes plant/customer technical services, quality assurance, quality control, and analytical support needs of plants and customers. As ISO-9001 and RC/ISO-14001 management representative, this position is responsible for developing, monitoring, maintaining and auditing the site’s integrated management systems for conformance to documented standards, and is a key member of the site leadership team. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES Manage the quality assurance/quality control department including determining minimum job requirements for support staff and determining staffing for demand, focusing on efficiencies. Key participant in Supplier Audits (Raw Materials, Logistics, Warehouse) and Customer Audits and Internal Audit management Responsible for quality audit actions including effective and timely completion. Negotiate specifications for suppliers and customers. Provide technical/analytical expertise for internal and external customers on problems arising from manufacture and use of organometallic compounds. Responsible for expertise and resource management within the team: People management (talent management, coaching, performance and development Quality and Alignment with business needs Recruitment (in cooperation with the talent resourcing team) Develop annual safety and training plans for the QA/QC department and evaluate periodically to achieve plan. Monitor the ISO 9001 and RC/ISO14001 programs to assure continued successful re-certifications. ISO Management Representative Approve/review NUSAP’s, RMA’s, new chemical use, and raw material evaluations. Manage site raw material approval process. Manage capital projects to meet plant support requirements. Monitor analytical/process performance and provide assistance in troubleshooting issues. Monitor OFIs (Vendor and Customer) Specification approval (NUSAP) for new and changes to intermediate, raw materials, and finished goods Review and approve drawings for equipment, cylinders, tooling Provide guidance for SPC reporting requirements and sampling frequencies for all specification and in process sampling. Interface with BU and BA management for corporate quality standards HEALTH, SAFETY, SECURITY & ENVIRONMENTAL SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES Understand and help implement the site’s Operating Policy, and HSSE goals and objectives. Support and participate in on-going HSSE improvement activities and committees including VPP and BBS (Swagger). Be aware of potential health, safety, security, and environmental impacts in area of responsibility and the consequences if an upset occurs. Understand and implement any parts of the Battleground Environmental Compliance Plan and Waste Management Plan that apply to area of responsibility. Participate in the site’s on-going Pollution Prevention Process. QUALITY SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES Understand and help implement the site’s Quality Policy, Quality goals and objectives, and the Quality Improvement Process (MTQ). Be fully aware of your specific quality assurance responsibilities. Be familiar with site wide document control, internal quality audits, corrective action, non-conforming product and record keeping procedures. Be sure employees under supervision, if applicable, are aware of and are adequately trained in quality procedures. Vacancy data Organisation Job characteristics Closing date December 31, 2099 Vacancy number 180003PF Continent North America Country United States State/Region/Province Texas Site Deer Park Business unit Polymer Chemistry ISC Job family Manufacturing Hierarchy level Management Full time/part time Full-time Contract type Permanent Job requirements/Candidate profile JOB REQUIRMENTS PhD in Analytical Chemistry with 2-4 years laboratory supervisory experience 6-8 years’ experience providing analytical support for chemical industry process operations Experience in analytical methods development for NMR, ICP and ICPMS instrumentation Experience with Laboratory Information Systems Six Sigma Green Belt or Black Belt certification desired ISO 9001 & RC/ISO 14001 management systems experience preferred Must be able to read, write and communicate in English Able to wear high top safety shoes, safety glasses, FRCs, and hard hat