Mission Project Manager Who We Are Founded and continuously led by inventor and entrepreneur Tony Aquila, Solera is a global leader in digital technologies that connect and secure life's most important assets: our cars, homes and identities. Since its inception in 2005 as a garage-based startup, Solera has grown aggressively with over 50 acquisitions across its platforms. The company's current product solutions include Audatex, Autodata, AutoPoint, CAP/HPI, Colimbra, Digidentity, Enservio, Explore Data, Hollander, Identifix, Inpart, LYNX and TitleTec, as well as the company's flagship Digital Garage application. Today, Solera processes over 300 million transactions annually for approximately 235,000 partners and customers in over 80 countries. Unified by a strong culture that values uncommon entrepreneurial thinking and continuous "do-it-different" innovation, Solera's global workforce of 6,700+ associates come from diverse forward-thinking industries that include automotive technology, artificial intelligence, software development, data sciences, cybersecurity, cognitive design, and digital identity protection. For more information, please visit solera.com. The Solera Way Solera’s uncommon culture is based on three simple principles: Think 80/20 (Focus), Act 30/30 (Efficiency), and Live 90/10 (Accountability). We define our mindset using Our 3H’s: Humility, a Hunger to succeed, and a desire to Hunt for opportunities to win. We train our volunteers to engage with each other modulating between their intellect (IQ) and emotional intelligence (EQ) using our 3Fs: Facts, Finesse, and Force. Solera has become a global technology leader that is constantly growing in the double digits. The principles, drills, and values associated with the Solera Way have been fundamental to Solera’s success and our ability to grow, continuously change, and innovate. Are You Uncommon? Our Global Information Technology team is on the hunt for an experienced Senior Project Manager (PMO) who ranks in the top quartile among their peers. Someone who has a highly competitive and entrepreneurial mindset that is wired with a team-first attitude, has no problem rolling up their sleeves to execute their missions, and can modulate between leading and following as needed. You will work across teams to apply your technical and project and program management expertise to some of today’s most complex and challenging technology problems. You will help us scope work, identify appropriate resources, set goals, track and report progress, develop schedules, and communicate to customers. You will also assess risks, anticipate bottlenecks, provide critical issue management, balance trade-offs, and encourage risk- taking to improve customer outcomes. We value critical thinking, self- motivation, and the ability to deal with ambiguity. You should bring a cool head, strong technical background, be detail oriented, have excellent problem- solving abilities, and be an exemplary communicator. Your technical expertise and operational excellence will influence your team’s decisions and help us drive secure and robust customer solutions. We love people who innovate, use data to make decisions, and can express themselves thoughtfully. Position 80s Position 80s What You’ll Be Doing At Solera, we believe in providing clarity and focus to what our volunteers are responsible for – their mission. The 80’s, as we call them at Solera, are the employee’s priorities associated with their role or mission. The mission 80’s for this role, are: Primary responsibility for this position is to provide project management services for the installation and training of shop management systems in multi-store or franchise based automotive service related businesses Perform project management duties for both customer facing initiatives and strategic software projects, including project plans, status reporting, issue resolution, and value delivery Manage project timelines, resolve issues, negotiate conflicting priorities and provide communications among stakeholders that are effective and collaborative in nature Balance competing project constraints, which include; Scope, Schedule, Budget, Quality, Resource and Risk Facilitate customer project deployments, measure product support team performance and facilitate cultural change leveraging best practices Additional Responsibilities: lead the gathering of business requirements. Translate high level business requirements into functional specifications Establish the framework needed to ensure all elements of a project are planned, coordinated and monitored. This may include development of a project plan, change control plan and an execution plan Work with primary stakeholders to define what is in and out of project scope. Ensuring scope is documented and approved, identifying the collective set of project deliverables Ensure that all phases of shop management system deployment, including software modification, database configuration, point-of-sale systems, data conversions, software installation, system testing, and end user training are properly coordinated, monitored, tracked, and resolved. Travel as needed up to 35% Qualifications Qualifications Are You Qualified? Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in related field required PMP/ PMI certification preferred 3 - 5 years of experience managing multi location software rollouts or point-of-sale deployments 5 years related IT work experience Ability to work with minimal supervision Previous experience with workflow management, performance management, document management and customer engagements Experience managing and/or collaborating with geographically dispersed teams Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to effectively interact with all stakeholders including senior leadership Strong understanding of PC hardware and software installation, configuration, troubleshooting, and repair Working knowledge of Microsoft operating systems and software products Strong attention to detail and creative problem-solving skills An understanding of automotive shop management software or similar point-of-sale business software is a plus Working knowledge of Salesforce, JIRA, Confluence, Aha! Is a plus Ability to work weekends and/or off hours as necessary to meet clients' needs Our Space We believe that offices should be destinations where people want to be… places where people want to work, play and, collaborate. That is why we spend a lot of time on enhancing our workspaces. Solera’s work environments are intersections of the old and the new… of the past, present, and future. They are spaces designed to stimulate creative thinking, innovation, and cross- functional collaboration. We also embrace wellness. Whether it is our onsite or offsite workout centers, nutritional meals and beverages, or endless snacks for focus and energy. This wellness plan is our commitment to healthy living, which spans across our office environments.