In this exciting fast-paced role you will be responsible for the Operations and Reporting processes associated with HR data according to ‘the company’ policy and legal requirements. Recommends process improvements and simplification that supports Business and HR strategy. Manages and Tracks programs and processes to ensure that records are accurate, accessible, and appropriately secure, and that data retrieval and reporting capabilities meet the needs of internal customers, legal compliance, and the company policy requirements (e.g., data management and integration of data). Works with global teams to implement key initiatives “in Country” and participates in and provides Project Support. Engages and works alongside of a variety of different HR, Workforce Solutions, and COE organizations to ensure dependencies with internal HR Projects and Programs are identified and incorporated appropriately. Provides HR Operational and Programmatic Support for the HR Consultant Organization. Responsibilities: Implements, manages, and problem-solves issues for an entire process or system of moderate to high complexity. Consults with HR Consultants to identify process improvements, ensure understanding and successful implementation of new processes. Contributes to priority projects that impact employees at the country or regional level and may lead projects of moderate to high complexity. Provides input on HR Operations transaction, reporting, support or content tools. Provides regional or country support for Global programs. Develops and delivers trainings for new processes, programs, and platform rollouts. Education and Experience Required: First-level university degree or equivalent experience. Typically 4-6 years related experience in compensation, benefits, finance, and/or human resources. Experience in cross-functional areas, such as business planning, workforce solutions, technical solutions, or people operations preferred. Knowledge and Skills: Strong level of process knowledge and expertise in back-end processes. Strong general HR knowledge. Strong communication and presentation skills. Advanced quantitative and qualitative analytical skills. Strong ability to use productivity tools, HR systems and applications Advanced Excel and Share Point skills preferred Strong project management skills, including planning, execution, and implementation. Ability to recognize and effectively manage the consequences of a process Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities. HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.