The individual(s) will work directly with Sales, Product, Implementations, Technology, Operations and/or the client. While working with these areas some of the tasks that will be performed are: consulting, analyzing requirements, performing testing, and implementation onto Remittance Edge, Receivables Edge and/or Perceptive Intelligent Capture. The individual(s) will be required to update and document assigned projects, client reported issues, and operation reported issues. Must be flexible; job responsibilities may change on short notice based on the needs of the group and the client base. Job skill training will be provided to the individual as needed. This is a highly visible position in a time-sensitive and delivery-sensitive environment. Responsibilities: Build profiles and/or transmissions for Receivables Operations which includes providing coding specifications to Technology partners for development and testing. Interfaces with internal service partners and the client to scope client needs and provides solutions to mitigate risk and/or errors Implement, Manage and/or Support client solutions within specified timeframes working with internal and external clients Provide support to team colleagues as required; may involve training. May coordinate and manage internal and external parties to deliver the solution within the required timeline for the client. Facilitate issue resolution, user acceptance testing, training, etc. related to the client implementation. Work with vendors when applicable for third party services. Understanding of technical systems to manage the client's implementations Attend client meetings to review the project against the plan. Identify risks and escalate them on time to minimize any problem for the client and/or business. Accountability for Receivables Operations Implementation end to end process. Provide off hour support on a rotating schedule Some travel may be required Skills required are intermediate: Multi-tasking Strong verbal & written communication skills Time management, organizational and planning skills Analytical & Problem solving skills Self-motivated Leadership skills Client relationship and presentation skills Attention to detail Client focused Technical knowledge with the following: Computer Science degree or minimum of 1 year work equivalent experience PC/Workstation usage skills in a Windows environment are required Intermediate knowledge is preferred: LOB knowledge Business processes and procedures Product knowledge Knowledge of business software applications Work schedule: Monday – Friday / 8am – 5pm – may have some flexibility on start and end time. JPMorgan Chase offers an exceptional benefits program and a highly competitive compensation package.