Supports school administrators by processing requests for both new enrollments and withdrawals, maintaining student files and records that are both clerical and academic in nature, performing routine administrative duties and facilitating communications with various stakeholders. Ensures the effective collection, maintenance, and reporting of school data for compliance purposes. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS, DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: The below statements are intended to describe the general nature and scope of work being performed by this position. This is not a complete listing of all responsibilities, duties and/or skills required; other duties may be assigned. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential duties. Maintains K12 and state student-level databases, including data entry, verification of accuracy, correcting errors, manipulation and customization of student information system; Monitors and meets all deadlines communicated by state departments of education for compliance functions, supports completion of reports to regulatory entities and K12; Processes student withdrawals; Fulfills records requests for withdrawn students within prescribed time frames; Requests and tracks receipt of records for newly enrolled students; Prepares mass data imports for new students within prescribed time frames; Performs data validation in student information system to ensure ongoing accuracy; Develops and implements processes to manage related service provider data; Processes parent contact and data information changes; Serves as primary point of contact for families, teachers, staff, and other schools in regards to accessing student information and records; Assists in routine administrative duties including: preparing and maintaining transcripts and records release forms, preparing state reports(as needed); Assists counselors in verifying graduation requirements and credits earned, as applicable; Assists with national K12 efforts in training, process enhancement, etc.; Facilitates communications between local schools, K12 and school districts as needed; Ensures school personnel comply with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). Competencies: To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies. Adaptability/Flexibility: Adapts to change, is open to new ideas, takes on new responsibilities, handles pressure, and adjusts plans to meet changing needs. Integrity/Ethics: Deals with others in a straightforward and honest manner, is accountable for actions, maintains confidentiality, supports company values, and conveys good news and bad. Teamwork: Meets all team deadlines and responsibilities, listens to others and values opinions, helps team leader to meet goals, welcomes newcomers and promotes a team atmosphere. Supervisory Responsibilities: In larger schools, this position may need to occasionally supervise temporary staff in order to complete tasks and projects on a timely basis.