The coolest jobs on this planet… or any other… are with Lockheed Martin Space. At the dawn of a new space age, Lockheed Martin is a pioneer, partner, innovator and builder. Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds’ hardest engineering problems. Our culture encourages employees to dream big, perform with excellence and create incredible products. We provide the resources, inspiration and focus and if you have the passion and courage to dream big, we want to build a better tomorrow with you. This Systems Engineer will be a part of an AEHF Anomaly Detection and Resolution team that designs, develops, tests, & supports various database products to detect and resolve anomalies on a satellite. The Systems Engineer will be a member of the team that develops & tests Detection and Resolution as well as Test Scripts and software. Typically has 2 - 5 years of professional experience. To promote the sharing of ideas, Lockheed Martin fosters an inclusive work environment that encourages differences and big-picture thinking. Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually. Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy: Medical Dental 401k Paid time off Work/life balance Career development Mentorship opportunities Rewards & recognition Learn more about Lockheed Martin’s competitive and comprehensive benefits package. Desired Skills: \- Testing experience with L3 SCOUTS, developing test scripts in Lab testbeds or ATLO preferred Anomaly detection and resolution software experience Web applications and satellite ground systems Hardware/software integration Familiarity with spacecraft subsystems, hardware, telemetry, command & control Developing ground application software L3 SCOUTS, Java, Perl, Python, Clearcase or equivalent Software Configuration Management Tool, IBM Rational ClearQuest or equivalent Strong communication and interpersonal skills BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelors or Masters degree from an accredited college/university in Electrical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or similar discipline Strong team working and user support skills Ability to multi-task, team player and have ability to support multiple projects Good computer and programming skills to develop maintainable code, perform unit testing, integration & regression testing DoD Secret security clearance Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.