This position is responsible for all HMIS functions, which includes site inventory visits (10% field / 90% office), SDS (Safety Data Sheet) acquisition and recordkeeping, data entry, data analysis, regulatory compliance documentation development, applicable fire department and Tier II reporting, and basic AutoCAD draft work. This position assists Envirosure in maintaining active and up-to-date client inventory, map, and associated files. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Research: Environmental, health, and safety regulations; Material Safety Data Sheets Data Entry: Input data into Access database; Generate reports from data. Analysis: Analyze data reports against environmental, health and safety regulations; develop/write/review summary reports based upon analysis results. Reporting: Develop and/or update Fire Department HMIS and HMMP reports as well as annual Tier II Reporting. Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Must have experience in a professional office environment. Must exhibit very capable written and verbal communication skills, and have good organizational skills. Must exhibit leadership qualities necessary to provide an atmosphere of teamwork within departments, and throughout the company. Must have a strong team mentality yet autonomous work style, and understand their function within the production lines. Education and Experience: This position requires a High School Diploma or the equivalent (GED) and a minimum of 0.5 years experience in a related (data entry) field. Preference given to a candidate with a Bachelor of Science or other advanced degree in Environmental Health and Safety, Chemistry, Geology, or similar speciality, and experience in the EHS field is desired. Language Skills: Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization. Mathematical Skills: Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages, area, circumference, and volume. Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry. Reasoning Ability: Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations. Computer Skills: To perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge of Database Management systems; Contact Management systems; Spreadsheet software; E-mail; and Word Processing software. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $31,000.00 to $36,000.00 /year Job Location: Tempe, AZ 85282 Email your resume to careers “at” envirosure.com