Analytics & Reporting Manager, Loyalty Marketing J.C. Penney Company, Inc. Plano, Texas JCPenney is one of the nation’s largest apparel and home furnishing retailers, and we're dedicated to fitting the diversity of America with unparalleled style and value. Working at JCPenney gives you the opportunity to help create meaningful experiences for the millions who shop at our more than 1,000 stores and jcp.com. We're looking for motivated, talented individuals who can emerge as Warriors in our organization. The Analytics & Reporting Manager, Loyalty Marketing, leads Rewards reporting and serves as a liaison with the CRM/Analytics team and external partners to support POS, website, mobile and digital reporting. The Analytics Manager Loyalty will drive the reporting portion of the customer experience roadmap for existing and new loyalty programs to increase loyalty member engagement, enrollments and shopping frequency. They will also be responsible for the development and execution of reporting projects with various teams. JCPenney is looking for an experienced analyst who is eager to learn, to add value, and to do interesting work as a valued member of the Loyalty team. This position is data-intensive and will challenge both your technical and analysis skills. Insights produced by this individual informs business decisions in Marketing and beyond, including those by senior executive leaders. Primary Responsibilities: Serves a project lead and works cross-functionally with the Analytics/CRM team and vendor partners to ensure complete analysis of loyalty initiatives. Proactively promote data utilization and improves decision-making through delivery of relevant analytic insights. Facilitate the definition of analysis needs and work product requirements. Streamline access to data and actively participate in ongoing business discussions and projects. Provide forward looking recommendations using all available data. Manages internal and external reporting for implementation and enables access to the team’s broader analytic capabilities. Works closely with CRM/Analytics team to communicate business requirements for rewards program and promotional reporting. Manages the development and implementation of the reporting process and is able to think through and process information necessary to tell the story of analytical findings. Responsible for rewards reporting/story telling. Works with data analytics team to manage email and direct mail customer selection process and manages the messaging of program points to promote rewards in enterprise promotional and CRM trigger emails and push notifications. Establish and cultivate collaborative and successful working relationships with internal and external groups Works cross-functionally with other internal teams to ensure Rewards messaging is measurable and manages reporting to ensure actionable results. Manages workflow through end-to-end testing and A/B testing with 1:1 team and manages the communication with vendor partners. Maintain proactive and regular internal communication with the loyalty and analytics/CRM teams. Understand and have a working knowledge of customer/transactional level data. Strive to structure analysis to provide conclusive insights that directly align to decision-making. Prioritize and balance multiple activities in parallel and communicate status proactively. Understand data sources to determine the correct source(s) and logic to ensure accurate, efficient and timely deliverables. Speak out when business strategies do not align with data insights and when insights suggest new marketing tactics. Anticipate future insight needs/opportunities and deliver self-initiated value to JCP. Core Competencies & Accomplishments: Bachelor's Degree in business and/or marketing. 3-5 years of customer and/or transactional level marketing reporting experience. Customer Loyalty and CRM experience preferred. 3+ years’ experience in a consultative, client-facing role, utilizing data to inform client decisions. Exceptional communication skills with the ability to develop and deliver engaging presentations as the ability to communicate the analysis aspects of loyalty/rewards programs with non-analytical team partners. High degree of comfort with influencing and communicating a point of view to senior-level team members Experience working directly with senior leaders Strong data analysis skills, experience identifying trends, and analyzing customer attributes Strong ability to interrogate data and insights to provide accurate and robust information on department performance Strong Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint skills. Ability to work well across teams with varied styles and skill-sets. Accuracy and attention to detail The candidate must be able to engage in problem solving. Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to build relationships. Self-starter who takes initiative. Flexible with change and unafraid of ambiguity. Our corporate office supports the JCPenney stores nationwide and offers a competitive benefits package including medical/dental/vision, term life insurance, paid vacation/holidays, 401 (k) Savings Plan with company match, and a merchandise discount plan to JCPenney. Amenities include free covered parking, full cafeteria services, fitness center, and on-site childcare. For more opportunities to join our team please visit our Careers Page. Links: Media Room JCP.com LI-KR1