Rally Health is all about putting health in the hands of the individual. It’s our mission, and it drives everything we do, which is to empower people with easy-to-use online and mobile tools that help them take charge of their health and health care, from improving their diet and fitness to selecting health benefits, and choosing the right doctor at the right price for their needs. Our culture is built on a deep and sincere commitment to helping people live healthier lives. To do this, we are committed to innovating at every level. As our president and COO David Ko says, “We are a company that continuously innovates. It cannot end. It has to be in everything we do, which means that some of the things we’re going to do are not going to work – and that’s okay. We’re not trying to build something that is churn and burn. We’re building something that follows consumers over their lifetime.” Responsibilities: Conduct ad-hoc data analyses and queries to support product capabilities Monitor operational dashboards and use data analysis to investigate issues Investigate and answer questions with data Help define and monitor key business and operational metrics Work with our data to ensure accuracy, answer product questions, communicate value to clients and measure and improve our performance to make sure we are effectively delivering initiatives and driving health improvements. In addition to principal responsibilities for data support of the Rewards/Incentives products, the RISC analyst will also occasionally work on investigations and analyses with Survey and Campaigns data. As the RISC Data Analyst, you will be the go-to team member for data and investigations essential to the functioning of these product areas, using a mixture of BI tools, direct querying and data analysis to support operational needs. Qualifications: 1-3 years of experience as a data analyst or equivalent Strong proficiency with SQL, including the ability to work with complex data structures Intermediate level Python or R Solid understanding of data schemas and structures Strong proficiency using Excel to analyze data An inquisitive mind and keen business insight Strong attention to detail Excellent communications skills with and about data Proven ability to manage competing priorities at a time Adaptable, proactive, energetic and willing to learn and deliver on a variety of tasks and responsibilities Proven ability to work in a fast-paced environment focused on continuous product innovation Experience with Hadoop/Hive/Spark and big data environments Experience scripting in Bash or similar Experience querying MongoDB Experience building dashboards and visualizations in Tableau, or ability to quickly get up to speed Why join Rally? On top of an innovative work atmosphere and a chance to help people change their lives, we offer competitive pay, daily catered lunches, and an extensive benefits package for all full-time employees (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). In addition, offer the ability to grow, while truly making an impact in the healthcare system. Rally Health is committed to ensuring that its workforce reflects America’s diverse population. Rally Health knows that such diversity will enrich us with the talent, energy, perspective and inspiration it needs to achieve its mission. Rally Health believes in a policy of equal employment and opportunity for all people based on merit and commitment to the principles of diversity. It is our policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote individuals in all job titles, and administer all programs, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, sex, age, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family responsibilities, genetic information, disability, matriculation, political affiliation, veteran status, union affiliation, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Applicants who require an accommodation related to the application and/or review process should notify Talent Acquisition (recruiting@rallyhealth.com). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.