Description Data. Technology. Process. Optimization. Those words get you excited. You’re ready to take the last 3+ years you’ve been working in marketing operations to a team and company in hyper growth mode. You’ve managed marketing operations at a B2B software company before and technology is your passion. You’re skilled at designing, implementing, and optimizing process that drives efficiency for marketing and sales—and you’re known for your creative problem-solving skills. You thrive in a collaborative environment and have a customer-service mentality when it comes to supporting the sales and marketing team. You’re an innovator and an optimizer, never afraid to try something new and fail, but always looking for the lessons. Above all, you’re a selfless team player with a get stuff done attitude, bringing positivity and passion to your work every single day. A little about us: Our team is high energy, high performing, and highly collaborative. Every person has an opportunity to contribute ideas, make them happen, and learn a ton along the way. You’ll be given responsibility to run with it, but more importantly trusted with it. You’ll be challenged—and have fun—every day. What you’ll do at Seismic: Be responsible for day-to-day administration of our marketing tech stack ( Marketo, Engagio, On24, Drift, LeadPages, Reachforce, LeanData), with a primary focus on Marketo. Be our in-house Marketo expert and use this expertise to create efficient and effective programs for the Marketing team. Maintain, administer and configure our Marketo instance, ensuring proper usage, designing and managing workflows, maintaining the database and database optimization, providing internal technical support, and more. Assist in the setup of marketing programs and campaigns in Marketo. Ensure compliance with email marketing laws and regulations, including CAN-SPAM, CASL, and GDPR. Educate internal users on email marketing regulations and best practices for remaining compliant. To build data models using best practices for attribution, account based marketing and more Establish and follow best practices in campaign and lead management Partner closely with the operations team to own and optimize our lead management process, ensuring that lead flow from marketing to sales is operating effectively. Create operational efficiency for the lead-gen team by proactively identifying inefficiencies and implementing new and improved processes and workflows. Document process, workflows, and how we use the technology in our stack. Create and maintain Marketing reports to understand marketing program performance, pipeline and revenue attribution Train internal users on how to use the technology in our stack and continually educate the team on new features and best practices. Troubleshoot and fix issues with our tech stack and operational processes as they arise. Serve as the primary point of contact for each of our technology partners, conducting regular check-ins with customer success contacts to ensure we are getting the most out of our technology investments. Evaluate new sales and marketing technologies and make recommendations for removing or adding technology to support our objectives. Bachelor’s degree required. Marketo Certification is a plus.