Warby Parker is looking for a motivated Junior Data Engineer to join our growing Technology team. In this role, you’ll build out and maintain our data processing platform and reporting models used in key financial and accounting systems analysis. Working closely with the Financial Planning and Accounting teams, as well as the Supply Chain team, you’ll build and support critical data products that enable our company to grow and improve. If this sounds like the kind of work you’d thrive on, we’d love to hear from you! What you’ll do and what you’ll learn: Our Technology team uses a mix of experience and objective data analysis to constantly experiment and iterate. You’ll practice this method alongside other experienced Data Engineers as you take technical ownership of the system that powers Warby Parker’s understanding of accounting and inventory data. Our team is about as collaborative and transparent as they come, so you’ll also participate in code reviews to maintain high quality of code. (We’re building our systems to last and to adapt!). Primarily, you’ll use Python and SQL and you’ll learn how to deploy your code continuously using Git. We are a cloud-native company and work with many cloud products (IaaS and SaaS) offered by Amazon Web Services. Using these services, you’ll apply techniques that are scalable and help our tech-enabled business to focus on delivering value. As a Junior Data Engineer, you’ll collaborate with software engineers and analysts on the Accounting and Supply Chain teams to understand their needs, produce code to solve their reporting problems, and provide business intelligence in Looker. You’ll learn how to model data with a high degree of accuracy that can be used by the Accounting teams. In time, you’ll increase model intelligibility and improve data processing efficiency. You’ll also support the Financial Accounting teams with audit activities, regular period- based analysis and closing activities, and new exploratory opportunities. Who you are: A thoughtful, detail-oriented engineer who has worked with data for at least one year professionally Backed by working experience with (or a thorough understanding of) accounting and inventory systems—or experience with corporate finance, planning, and analysis solutions Well-versed in SQL and Python Familiar with open-source ETL tools like Airflow, Luigi, or Talend, or with commercial systems like Informatica, SSIS, or DataStage Experienced working on a major relational database management system—PostgreSQL (which we use), Oracle, or MySQL—and optimizing queries Able to describe how a transactional data model is different from a reporting and analytics data model An excellent communicator, especially when it comes to explaining technical approaches and solutions to business-oriented stakeholders About us: Warby Parker was founded in 2010 with a lofty objective: to offer designer eyewear at a revolutionary price while leading the way for socially conscious businesses. By circumventing traditional channels and designing our frames in house, we’re able to offer insanely high-quality eyewear at decidedly non- insane prices (i.e., from $95 with prescription lenses—a fraction of the going price!). In the last eight years, we’ve grown to over 60 retail locations in the U.S. and Canada, opened our first optical lab in upstate New York, and launched two of our own iOS apps. And for three years running, Fast Company has named us one of the world’s most innovative companies. We also hold ourselves to the highest standards of social and environmental responsibility. This means lots of different things, like operating carbon- neutrally and distributing a pair of glasses to someone in need for every pair we sell. (We’re big believers that businesses can scale and be profitable while doing good in the world.) Of course, all work and no play makes an extremely dull office, and no one likes an extremely dull office. (We sure don’t.) As an employee at Warby Parker, you can look forward to company outings, guest speakers, volunteering opportunities, and other brain- (and/or taste-bud-) stimulating activities. It also doesn’t hurt that our team is just great company. Some benefits and perks of working at Warby Parker: Health, vision, and dental insurance Flexible “My Time” vacation policy Retirement savings plan with a company match Parental leave (non-birthing parents included) Cell phone plan reimbursement A health-and-wellness stipend Free eyewear (plus discounts for friends and family) And more (just ask!)