Who are we? Ever checked in somewhere on social media? Ever tracked your online orders?” You might be using HERE Technologies every single day without even realizing it. You can find us everywhere: in vehicles, smartphones, drones or third- party apps. We believe that with the right people, we will continue to be a game-changer in the technology industry and improve the daily lives of people around the world. Find out more by clicking the video below or going HERE HERE Technologies has placed the development of an Open Location Platform (OLP) as a central building block of its strategy. We are looking for a bright, innovative, and energetic student with strong background in Computer Science to join our OLP Core Services team in Summer 2018. Being a self- motivated software engineer, you will work within a development team to help us build, execute, and maintain our test our services, which provide the foundation for running complex data pipelines at scale through data management, processing and distribution services and APIs. What's the role? What’s the ROLE Developing and testing software for the core platform services. Creating, refining and running manual tests on our software. Automating manual test cases where opportunity arises. Creating and maintaining tools and continuous integration systems for the building, testing, and deploying our software products. Who are you? Strong programming skills in Java or Scala Experience with developing software for cloud based applications Experience with scripting languages, code repository and continuous integration tools Knowledge of configuring and running web services on hosted environments such as AWS a plus Strong problem-solving skills and communication skills Ability to work well within a team HERE is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, age, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, parental status, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.