Role Title: Financial Business Analyst (PowerApps) Job Type: Contract/Full-time (W-2) Estimated Start Date: August 20, 2018 Contract Duration: Up to 18 months Location: Redmond, WA You want steady income, outstanding benefits and a job that lets you shine doing what you do best. But more than that, you want a role that will let you dive deepusing your talent, expertise, and drivewhile challenging you to continue to develop and contribute. Whether you are seeking long-term contract opportunities or permanent job placement, Team Red Dog has the clients looking for your skills and experience. Business Overview: Our client, a multinational software and tech company, needs a Financial Business Analyst to own the building of a PowerApps and BI tool incorporating data from various sources for the team. Responsible for the development and the assessment of the tools data, with the eventual presentation of the data into Power BI dashboards and PowerPoint presentations for various stakeholders. The ideal candidate is an organized, highly motivated analytical thinker with a financial background and a combination of technical skills and effective collaboration and communication. Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Develop a tool in PowerApps utilizing data sources, SharePoint lists, Excel, and a SQL connection. Assist in data entry and audits associated with the PowerApps build. Create appealing and informative presentations on PowerPoint. Build Power BI dashboards and conduct structured analysis. Organize cross functional activities to ensure that the tool is completed on schedule and within budget constraints. Communicate clearly on technical and/or project subject matters from initiation through delivery. Qualifications/Experience: BS Degree in Finance, Analytics or related discipline preferred. 1-3 years of experience as an analyst working with PowerApps, Power BI, and SharePoint. Strong Microsoft Excel required with some experience in SQL and basic queries. Financial and technical background preferred. Able to create flawless presentations in PowerPoint. Excellent communication and collaboration skills. Exceptional business planning, problem solving, and analytical skills. To quickly apply - fill out the online form and questionnaire below and attach your resume and cover letter (optional). If your background is a match for this specific role, then someone from our Recruiting Team will contact you within 24 hours. All applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. without the need for sponsorship. Team Red Dog (formerly Red Dog Interactive, Inc.) is an E-Verify employer. Please no solicitations from C2C or recruiting firms.