Do you love it when the tech in your world makes things magical and fun? Are you driven by a passion for making technology easier to use and understand? Are you an excellent writer who can confidently wield everything from a purposefully placed fragment to in-depth storytelling? We’re looking for a highly creative and tech-savvy writer to join us. On the Content Experiences team, we create UX copy and customer support experiences for Microsoft devices and software, including Windows and Surface. This role will initially focus on conversational writing for the Virtual Support Agent, an artificial intelligence experience that helps customers solve their support issues. You’ll work with our world-class designers, content creators, and engineering teams to create chat-based experiences. Your words will help customers learn, solve their problems, and get the most out of their software and devices. Then you’ll use data to understand how to improve those experiences. You’ll have a window into the future and a chance to shape how that future impacts millions of customers around the globe. The ideal candidate is creative and passionate about words, design, and technology. You thrive in collaborative cultures, yet are disciplined, organized, able to deal with lots of requests, and successful with tight deadlines. You’re excited to innovate and believe in ensuring the highest- quality content throughout every experience. You care about details, but you think strategically and can always map what you’re delivering to the big picture. You have a deep understanding of the fundamentals of storytelling, including the use of visuals. You’re excited about new directions in technology. Most of all, you care about the people using technology and you're committed to making their experiences better. Responsibilities Write and edit friendly, brilliantly clear conversational experiences Design and write content in product and for the web Use customer data to inform content strategy and improvements Understand and evangelize our content model, content types, and brand voice Identify opportunities for content additions, improvements, and innovations and effectively pitch those ideas to the team and stakeholders Maintain, distribute, and implement a content plan/editorial calendar across multiple releases Perform functional and editorial quality assurance on content as appropriate Qualifications Required qualifications: At least 1+ year writing experience—any kind! Journalism, tech writing, instructional writing, playwriting/screenwriting, joke writing, social media, narrative design, exhibition/museum design, creative/fiction writing, ad/marketing copy, white papers, product descriptions…. Portfolio of writing and content samples BA/BS degree Preferred qualifications: UI/UX experience highly preferred Track record of delivering creative experiences on tight deadlines A passion for technology and its potential for changing lives Experience with script-writing or conversational design Experience with video or visuals Creative collaboration and problem-solving skills Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.