Job Purpose Responsible for office management functions, including ensuring that record keeping, data collection and dissemination of reports and statistics are conducted in an efficient and timely manner. Provides support to the daily operation of the program and assist in the creation of a safe, accepting and caring environment for children and families. Who We Are Founded in 1963, Starfish Family Services is a private, nonprofit agency serving vulnerable children and families in metropolitan Detroit. Early childhood development is our passion. Every day, we strive to prepare young children for a successful start to school. As a leading provider of Early Head Start and Head Start programs, we embrace a comprehensive strategy that works to address challenges our children and their families may face at home. In addition, we provide parenting programs and children’s mental health services. Based in Inkster we have more than a dozen programs at service sites throughout metropolitan Detroit, 400 employees, and a $39 million dollar budget that serves more than 2,500 vulnerable children and families each year. Qualifications Education and Experience High school diploma or general education degree (GED) required. Some college with emphasis on office management or a business related field preferred. A minimum of two years prior experience working in an office environment preferred. Responsibilities Primarily supports the Project Director, is aware of her daily schedule. Responsible for coordination of her calendar, scheduling meetings and appointments. Monthly, track, complete and submit the Directors Mileage report. Responsible for the tracking, updating all aspects of the Grants Annual calendars. Responsible for setting up and scheduling Administrative Team meetings, outings etc. Coordinates and arranges meetings, prepares agenda, reserves and prepares facilities, and records and transcribes minutes of meetings. Works with Birth to Five/Early Head Start Fiscal Manager and all Program Staff, with the responsibility to coordinate and process all purchase orders/ open invoices in an online database called the Web-Portal. Have a strong understating of In-kind and non-federal match, to best negotiate pricing with vendors. Work close with the Fiscal department to be sure you are knowledgeable of the program accounts and Reporting Units (RUs). Order all program supplies with accuracy and ensure all supplies ordered are received in an adequate amount of time. The supplies include and are not limited to office supplies, classroom equipment, cleaning supplies and training supplies. Monthly, collect, collate, complete and distribute the programs Job Vacancy report. Compose and complete the Directors Credit Card report, this includes tracking all spending on the company credit card and keeping the Director apprised of her monthly balance. Performs other duties as assigned by the Project Director.