Join us as we pursue our disruptive new vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and seek to deliver the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we’re committed to our work, customers, having fun and commemorate each other’s success. We are seeking an exceptional Data Visualization Engineer to construct insightful and inspiring visualizations. These visualizations will tell stories of security violations, IT operations, license compliance, user behavior, demographics, changing trends in use of our products and answer our business partners` questions and help them to ask the right questions about their data. In this role you will focus on both building and driving, cutting edge visualization software, as well maintaining and improving upon our existing products. Your work encompasses the intersection of data, engineering and design, demonstrating our massive datasets into intuitive user interfaces, utilizing modern UX concepts. What you'll do You'll produce visualizations, optimized to communicate underlying data, and to enable users to drive insights. You'll collaborate on defining user interfaces that work effectively for customers ranging from operations, security investigators, autonomy engineers, data scientists and execs. You'll develop full-featured client-side applications using state of the art Javascript technologies including React/Redux and visualization technologies like Highcharts, D3 and WebGL. You'll participate in feature design working with product and UX experts. You'll actively design and improve all aspects of the UI, collaborate closely with team members to produce exceptional user experiences. What you'll need Bachelor's or Master's degree in CS, Data Visualization, Data Engineering, Human-Computer Interaction or equivalent experience. You have at least 3+ years of experience in the industry working with client-side technologies and building data visualizations. You have built data visualizations using Highcharts, d3.js, and other technologies. You have proven understanding of software development lifecycle and Agile scrum methodologies. You are excited to fully own a data product experience, from developing novel visualization techniques to testing and ensuring robustness of the application. You are passionate about JavaScript and the Web as a platform, reusability, componentization, and building for scale. Bonus points if You’re passionate about Information design, and have read literature ranging from Tufte to Tamara Munzner. You’re passionate about Information Visualization (the field), you know what pre-attentive processing or Myriahedral Projections are. You’ve built your own framework(s) and/or worked on data-intensive product. You have built and delivered an app on Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform. You’re passionate about computer graphics, have worked extensively with (raw) WebGL and other graphics technologies like OpenGL, Vulkan, Metal, etc. What We Offer You: A constant stream of new things for you to learn. We're always expanding into new areas, bringing in open source projects and contributing back, and exploring new technologies. A set of exceptionally talented and dedicated peers, all the way from engineering and QA to product management and customer support. Growth and mentorship. We believe in growing engineers through ownership and leadership opportunities. We also believe mentors help both sides of the equation. A stable, collaborative and supportive work environment. We don't expect people to work 12 hour days. We want you to have a successful time outside of work too. Want to work from home sometimes? No problem. We trust our colleagues to be responsible with their time and dedication, and believe that balance helps cultivate a phenomenal environment. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status