SUMMARY: Directly supports Lending Management in facilitation of participations purchase transactions by establishing and managing a network of lead lenders for potential participations purchases. Accountable for underwriting of the portfolio of purchased participation transactions, presenting credit recommendation to Lending Management, facilitating loan closing, and servicing booked participations. Contributes to effective risk management by obtaining executed loan documents, performing ongoing due diligence and monitoring lead lenders, and performing collateral administration. QUALIFICATIONS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge,skill,and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations maybe made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, or similar degree field preferred or equivalent progressive work experience. In-depth knowledge of advanced loan documentation, banking laws, and regulations. Five or more years’ proven success in sales and business development, with strong focus on building relationships. Five years or more experience in Consumer Lending and/or underwriting. Experience with commercial lending helpful but not required. Humble. Lacks excessive ego or concerns about status. Quick to point out the contributions of others and slow to seek attention for self. Share credit emphasize team over self and define success collectively rather than individually. Hungry. Always looking for more. More things to do. More to learn. More responsibility to take on. Self-motivated and diligent. Constantly thinking about the next step and the next opportunity. Smart. Have common sense about people. Tend to know what is happening in a group situation and how to deal with others in the most effective way. Demonstrates good judgment and intuition around the subtleties of group dynamics and the impact of their words and actions. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Direct the purchased participation loan network by identifying target lead lenders; Actively work loan participation and establish ongoing contact with identified network to ensure a steady stream of potential loan purchases; Establish and maintain ongoing due diligence of lead lenders; Conduct research to identify target markets and originators within those markets. Key factors of ideal region and originators will be set by participation policy and annual growth goals will be directed by lending management team; Develop list of lead lenders, gather necessary information to conduct due diligence reviews and maintain an up-to-date database of investment opportunities; Establish ongoing contact with network of lead lenders; Direct the loan decision-making process by due diligence underwriting of lead lender’s loan package to ensure compliance with County Federal’s General Loan Policy and product parameters; Contribute to sound loan portfolio management; Refine internal process for underwriting review, booking process, and support servicing functions; Ensure regulatory compliance is maintained within the purchased participation portfolio; Prepare underwriting credit review and present purchased participation to management for recommended decision; Communicate credit decision and approved loan terms to the lead lender; Execute any commitment letter and participation agreement from lead lender; Perform administrative tasks to document review and approval, and ensure proper loan review reporting; Provide credit administration by ensuring proper documentation and closing of loan transaction and conducting ongoing account monitoring; Order, obtain, review, and approve all pre-closing requirements. Arrange funding date with lead lender. Determine necessary closing loan documents, obtain draft and signed loan documents from lead lender, ensure loan documents have been reviewed and approved by Lending Management or legal counsel, and notify lead lender of any documentation concerns; Coordinate funding of participation and provide instructions to fund; Collect fees from lead lender; Coordinate ongoing servicing and delinquency monitoring of purchased participation pool with lead lenders; Schedule and maintain ongoing credit review of purchased participation. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, ABILITIES Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting databases Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Ability to work cross-functionally with employees at all levels of the organization Innovative and strategic thinker Excellent analytical, problem solving and project management skills Exceptional communication and presentation skills Effective in working with consultants, vendors, and outside agencies Ability to work independently and as a team member while using discretion in decision making and sound judgment in problem solving. Effective oral and written communication skills Relationship management, coaching, and collaboration skills. Continuous learner and unafraid to champion new and different ideas and the determination to see them through. PHYSICAL REQUIERMENTS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Full-time hours required, with additional work hours as necessary to accomplish objectives, goals, and projects. Regularly required to talk and hear. Frequently required to sit; use hands and fingers, be able to handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. Occasionally required to stand and walk. Occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, and ability to adjust focus. EEO STATEMENT SCCFCU does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, national origin, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related condition, ancestry, medical condition including genetic characteristics, veteran or military status, sexual orientation, gender expression, any persons holding an undocumented “AB” 60” driver’s license, or any other characteristic protected by law. This provision also includes the perception that anyone has any of the above characteristics or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any one of these characteristics. All such discrimination is unlawful. _This job description is not an exclusive or exhaustive list of all job functions that an employee in this position may be asked to perform from time to time. Santa Clara County Federal Credit Union reserves the right to revise or change job duties and responsibilities as the need arises._