Before the dawn of everything internet, insurance was intimate and personal. You walked down the street to chat with your broker and the risk to your business, your livelihood, was covered with a handshake. Today is different. The average insurance policy for a mom+pop store’s trades through a dozen different hands and traverses a maze of systems and processes. Few are accountable and fewer know the whole story. And if you’re a tiny limited partnership or freelancer you’ve either been reduced to a crudely estimated risk metric or excluded from the market. We’re a mid-size, global company, and we’re looking for a full-stack developer to build new technology and invent new categories to change the way people buy insurance and transfer risk. Each member of the team will be working closely with the customer throughout the product development process – from conception, to build, to launch. Everyone will create paper prototypes. Everyone will meet with customers. And the work will have impact immediately: we aim to ship new products within 2 months of your start date – and increase in pace from there on out. As one of the founding members of a small, multi-disciplinary team of developers, designers, and product strategists, you’ll have the freedom to make key product decisions without much oversight, and the tools and resources to build and ship ideas quickly. You’ll be a part of a startup-like environment in a company with access to users within the workforce of some of the most influential companies on the planet. Like git? Great. Have a favorite data store? Front-end framework? Way of working? Propose it! This map has no lines. You’re bringing the pencil. Rather than setting rigid requirements about which technologies are “corporate- approved” and safe-to-use, you’ll be given the freedom to choose the right tool to get the job done. We believe that an all-star technology team is capable of making rational decisions based on system-risk, ramp-up time, and ease-of-use, and that novelty will never trump utility. Who you are You’re working at a start-up with a life-span near its finish. You’re the talented member of a team at a popular technology company looking for the opportunity to have more control and leadership. You’re the workhorse at an agency, tired of coding products for promotions instead of real users. Ever thought of creating your own product? Some signs you might be ready: You’re a team player. You can talk with designers, product owners, and senior stakeholders. You're not just a coder; you're someone who knows how to get things made. You start imagining how to turn experiences into products as soon as you see the paper prototype, and you know how to prod for the right direction before you start hacking away. You might have led others and shipped an experience well-received by users, one that wasn’t just incremental change but an entirely new product. In your spare time, you’ve collaborated with friends to conduct experiments outside of work. You've got technical expertise. You can build mobile and web apps (and you've done it before). We're flexible about language and approach as long as you're working in a codebase you're confident writing for and which you know will deliver the right results. You can decipher the code of others, and you understand your way around legacy infrastructure and architecture. You’ve been exposed to the architecture for a large, high scale application that integrates into multiple systems. You put users first. You believe that users should have the loudest voice in the room. You make to learn. You understand the role of validation and its place in the product development process. You’re so RESTful, even your toaster has a URL. You’re the mullet of developers: party in the frontend, business in the back. You know when to go SQL, NoSQL, and graph. You’ve got a point of view on AngularJS vs. react vs. backbone. Your code is so clean, it’s nearly self-documenting. You’ve worked on an agile team and can sprint like Usain Bolt. Great with numbers, tables, charts, trends – everything data. Your experience is quality over quantity. Years of professional experience isn’t important, but an understanding of what it takes to build a product from scratch is. You’ve been responsible for developing products that have successfully gone to market. Your portfolio ranges across mobile/desktop and technology platforms (e.g., iOS, Android). What you'll own Lovingly crafting backend interfaces from product designs. Implementing front-end prototypes used to validate product concepts and iterating on those that stick. Proposing tool chain standards and practices. Deploying code and creating hooks to keep things operational. Write snappy code, from flexible JavaScript libraries to concise, reusable models Work with the latest open-source projects designed to scale Build system architectural components for products that create market-defining experiences Work closely together with our small, multi-disciplinary team to build compelling product experiences and implementing exciting new features that use groundbreaking technologies for web and mobile Creatively figure out how to use customer data to inform decision-making Participate in usability testing, translating findings back into code Skillset (hopefully many if not all of): RESTful API integration Database Architecture and Management (SQL, Hadoop, Cassandra) Cloud and Rack-based server cluster management Scripting (Python, Javascript) Frontend Frameworks (AngularJS, React, Backbone, Sails, Node) Rapid development and deployment approaches (Docker, Django, Bootstrap, Heroku, New Relic) Light server admin and maintenance (UNIX, AWS, Apache, Security and Encription, Uptime tracking and reporting) We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of age, ancestry, color, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, national origin or citizenship (including language use restrictions), denial of family and medical care leave, disability (mental and physical) , including HIV and AIDS, medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), race, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex (including pregnancy, child birth, breastfeeding, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, child birth or breastfeeding), sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or other status protected by federal, state and/or local laws. Applicants: For the most convenient application experience, please use the “Apply with LinkedIn” button. If manually entering, only include your most recent or relevant job information needed for this role. For either method, please attach your most current resume. Additional job history may be obtained if selected for the interview process.