Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description The Opportunity CompoZed Development is growing daily – across our multiple Allstate development groups we’ve launched several products and we haven’t stopped accelerating. We are committed to moving quickly as the number of projects and products continues to expand and evolve, leveraging our skills to assist the Allstate development groups in bringing the best solutions and services to market. Don’t miss this opportunity to join an organization where your innovative thinking and technology skills can make an impact on the future of the way Allstate develops and delivers software in the future. The Team We are the Allstate CompoZed Development team. We bring to market innovative services and solutions for Allstate by partnering with IT developers across the company leveraging the Agile XP methodology and the Pivotal Cloud Foundry technology platform. On most CompoZed projects, the technical team is a mix of a Product Manager (representing the business needs), a Product Designer providing UX information architecture and design, as well as highly skilled and diversified Product Developers. Job Description The Role Allstate CompoZed Agile XP developers have competencies in all aspects of engineering, including testing/QA, front end JavaScript and mobile development, back-end and SQL. Most developers are also skilled in DevOps, including systems administration-style work such as scripting deploys and setting up continuous integration. Pairing developers with other experienced team members ensures training and knowledge transfer is happening as efficiently as possible without risking the quality of the development. This role drives quality delivery through: Utilizing Paired programming Leveraging Test-Driven Development Daily interactions and open communication channels with you and your Product Manager Participation in Iteration Planning, Stand-up and Retrospective meetings Able to facilitate diverse teams, multi-task, and work under pressure to meet aggressive schedule targets Able to work effectively across organizational and geographical boundaries Expectations for a CompoZed developer include: Demonstrate technical skills and aptitude needed to meet/exceed delivery velocity expectations as a full stack developer Actively learn different technologies as needed for delivery of stories Adhere to CompoZed practices (for example, pair programming and test-driven development) and hold others accountable for the same Deliver on all phases of development work from initial kick-off, technical setup, application development, and support Serve as a leader in all dimensions of the work: people, process, technology Embrace approach of making collaborative, fast, local decisions; then course correct as/if needed (test/learn/iterate) Active participation in regular CompoZed meetings (e.g., site standup, product team standup, iteration planning meeting, retrospective, lunch & learns) Actively work to transfer knowledge of Allstate CompoZed practices and technical skills to other people (including delivery areas) to grow adoption Provide meaningful/thoughtful feedback on others as requested Receive constructive criticism and take necessary steps to improve where/when needed If there is bench time, leverage it to work on any assigned projects and/or for self-study to advance technical skills Developed code should promote principles of 12 factor apps, availability, scalability, maintainability and security Maintain positive outlook in handling continuous change and bring a sense of urgency in driving positive change at Allstate (innovation, faster time to market, improved quality) Embrace an organization model that is self-directed / self-managed as a team and as individuals Satisfy all administrative-type requirements such as timesheets, performance management process, annual compliance, security training, etc. Job Qualifications You are entrepreneurial with a strong inclination towards action and leadership in ambiguous situations You are passionate about technical topics such as computer languages and frameworks, mobility and Internet of Things. You can translate complex user stories into a good technical code and deliver it effectively. You’re ready to judge your success by the success of your team and the happiness of your customers. Preferred Qualifications 1-2+ years technology development and implementation experience. Knowledge of Agile methodologies (especially Agile XP), including paired programming and test driven development. Excellent Java and/or JavaScript coding background including familiarity with the following tools: Intellij-IDE Github Spring Framework AnjularJS or ReactJS Mircrosoft SQL Server or MongoDB Familiarity with the following is a plus: Jenkins nodeJS Undergraduate degree in software engineering or computer science. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.