At Williams-Sonoma Technology, we reach beyond the code to lead and communicate. We're there to lend a hand anytime our brand and shared service partners need a technical guru. Whether it's helping an associate with a day- making tech fix, creating an online shopping experience that sails through with ease, taking our business into the next frontier, or finding new ways to run green, each of us is committed to creating a user experience that's as unique and rich as the products offered in our stores and online. The Williams-Sonoma Technology organization is seeking an energetic and talented Machine Learning Engineer I to assist with development strategy and road mapping as a member of our developing Machine Learning & AI team(s). At Williams Sonoma, we are harnessing the power of machine learning and predictive analytics to discover trends across our business. We are working on challenging problems in information retrieval, entity resolution, and developing an in-depth knowledge of multiple aspects for Williams-Sonoma, West Elm, Outward, Mark and Graham and the Pottery Barn family. You have the option to work at either of the following Williams-Sonoma Corporate locations: San Francisco, CA Rocklin, CA San Jose, CA (Outward HQ) What you will be doing: Assist senior team members with internal customers on solving business-critical data-driven problems Make improvements to algorithms, code, and systems Collaborate closely with talented senior team members within the organization (i.e. ML, mapping, AI, Product, Leadership etc.) Solve technical issues and shape an overarching strategy Continue to learn /research about new things in ML Be a pivotal member to vote for next years preferred coffee vendor - really! Required Qualifications: You are pursuing an MSc or Ph.D. in a STEM Field with an estimated graduation date of Dec 2018 (or sooner) Strong programming experience with Java, Scala, Python and/or C++ 1.5 - 3 years' professional experience in Machine Learning, Data Science, and Software Engineering (required) Deep understanding of data structure, performance optimization, and algorithms Good knowledge of big data such as Spark, Hadoop, Kafka, Hive, and ElasticSearch Strong communication, analytical, and people skills - we prefer friendly people Work With Us / Perks: Williams-Sonoma is a company of lifestyle brands that emphasize good living and good eating. We are a People First organization that values our customers, quality craftsmanship, corporate responsibility and a healthy work/life balance. We are continually working to achieve our business goals while improving our social and environmental performance. As a framework to guide our efforts, we've committed to a positive impact in 3 key areas: Operations, Products and Materials, and People and Communities. Our responsibility extends to every part of our business- from our home to your home, to the world's home. Work with emerging technologies Team First culture Full-time Associate Discount at all WS brands (40% off) Competitive salary and 401k plan Shuttle to/from SF BART and Caltrain Pre-tax health and commuter benefits Bike share program Pet Insurance (Starting July 2018) Quarterly sample sales Wellness program and quality health insurance options Mothers' rooms and onsite showers Discounts on nearby gyms and restaurants LI-JQ 1 | rev 8.6.18