Overview Want to be part of a customer focused, high performance, high integrity team of technology professionals? At OneNeck IT Solutions we deliver world class IT solutions 365/24/7. We’re in search of dynamic individuals that are passionate about technology and providing best-in-class customer service. Our managed services engagements allow our employees to have access to a variety of technologies and environments, broadening your skillset while preparing you for future growth. OneNeck IT Solutions LLC employs nearly 550 people throughout the U.S. The company offers hybrid IT solutions including cloud and hosting solutions, managed services, ERP application management, professional services, IT hardware and top-tier data centers in Arizona, Colorado, Iowa, Minnesota, Oregon and Wisconsin. OneNeck's team of technology professionals manage secure, world-class, hybrid IT infrastructures and applications for thousands of businesses around the globe. A Systems Service Administrator I/II/III is a Tier 2 position within OneNeck’s Managed Services organization supporting a variety of customers ranging from medium size businesses to large enterprises. This position is responsible for the effective provisioning, installation/configurations, operation, and maintenance of systems hardware, software and related infrastructure. This individual participates in technical research, troubleshooting, development and automation enabling us to better support our customers. A Service Administrator will participate in change management and work to develop standard work processes. This position gives you the ability to work on a variety of technologies and environments on a daily basis in an effort to delight our customers in an SLA driven setting. Skills and Technologies involved in the Service Administrator role are as follows: Strong customer service skills Strong knowledge of MS Windows 2003/2008/2012 Server and Active Directory Working knowledge of UNIX/Linux systems Experience supporting hardware from vendors such as EMC, HP, Cisco UCS, etc. Awareness of supporting Citrix, Terminal Services/RDS, and virtual desktop environments Exposure to Microsoft Exchange and SQL Working knowledge of virtualization technologies including VMware, HyperV, and/or OVM. Knowledge of storage administration/SAN technology Experience with backup software and technologies Understanding of Cloud and “as-a-service” concepts General understanding of networking concepts The shift for this position will be 8pm - 6amCT Tuesday- Saturday _Please note: We can hire this position as a Service Administrator I, Service Administrator II or Service Administrator III. Requirements for each position are listed in the qualifications section. We will assess applicants based on skills set and years of relevant experiences._ Responsibilities Troubleshoot complex issues in environments with vendors and drive vendors to acceptable resolutions. Utilize monitoring tools to verify the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completions of scheduled jobs such as backups. Aid in the administration of systems infrastructure so that the systems operate reliably and available within its agreed (SLA) Service Level Agreements Be an escalation point for issues and requests that cannot be serviced by other groups, working issue to resolution, improving upon process, procedure, and knowledge to reduce future escalations. Execute planned maintenance Develop and enhance technical operating procedures and documentation to improve upon efficiency and effectiveness of operations and change activity. Identify and own problems and/or opportunities for improvement; working toward developing and deploying temporary and permanent fixes. Periodically construct and facilitate training with other groups in support of increasing capabilities, efficiencies, and effectiveness. Qualifications _Required Qualifications_ _Service Administrator I_ Associate’s degree (or higher) OR 2+ years professional work experience. _Service Administrator II_ Associate’s degree (or higher) OR 2+ years professional work experience. 1+ years IT systems administration experience. _Service Administrator III_ Associate’s degree (or higher) OR 2+ years professional work experience. 2+ years IT systems administration experience. _Other Qualifications_ Strong commitment to customer satisfaction and quality. Applicable technical certifications preferred Sound judgment and decision making skills. Advanced analytical, statistical, and problem solving skills. Results and execution oriented, self-motivated requiring minimal supervision Advanced communication skills regarding project teams and management ITIL V3 foundation certification preferred. Proficient with all Microsoft Office applications Benefits: As a part of your total compensation, TDS provides a comprehensive, competitive benefit package. The benefit plans address both the immediate and long term needs that you and your family may have. For an overview of what we have to offer for full-time employees including vacation, health benefits and retirement options please click here.