Warehouse Manager Warehouse Manager Position Summary: Provide direction to the warehouse personal to effectively manage activities required to support company goals. Plan, direct, or coordinate receiving and warehouse efforts (may need to assist in shipping and logistics efforts) in order to support production, engineering and development. Develop and maintain processes relevant to most efficient operations. Responsibilities : Maintains receiving, warehousing, and distribution operations by initiating, coordinating, and enforcing program, operational, and personnel policies and procedures. Safeguards warehouse operations and contents by establishing and monitoring security procedures and protocols. Controls inventory levels by conducting physical counts; reconciling with data storage system. Maintains physical condition of warehouse by planning and implementing new design layouts; inspecting equipment; issuing work orders for repair and requisitions for replacement. Completes warehouse operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees; following up on work results. Maintains warehouse staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees. Maintains warehouse staff job results by coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results. Recommend optimal transportation modes, routing, equipment, or frequency. Create policies or procedures for warehouse activities. Plan or implement material flow management systems to meet production requirements Maintain metrics, reports, process documentation, customer service logs, or training or safety records. Resolve problems concerning transportation, shipping, customer issues, etc Direct distribution center operation to ensure achievement of cost, productivity, accuracy, or timeliness objectives. Negotiate transportation rates or services. Recommend purchase of new or improved technology, such as automated systems. Plan or implement improvements to internal or external Collaborate with other departments to integrate logistics with business systems or processes, such as customer sales, order management, accounting, or shipping. Directs inbound or outbound operations, such as transportation or warehouse activities, safety performance, or logistics quality management Knows or is able to learn Oracle Qualified applicants, please submit a resume with a brief summary of relevant experience to: staffing@miasole.com.