TITLE: Contract HR Generalist/Business Analyst LOCATION: Palo Alto, CA This position reports to: Sr. Director, Global HR Operations Intapp is looking for an exceptional HR Business Analyst for a 6 month contract position. This person will play an integral role within the HR organization supporting employees, managers and c-Suite in HR Operations related duties focused on supporting and quality employee experience. This individual will also support HR programs and processes with regards to data and documentation. What you get to do in this role: Employee systems & data management – HRIS System administrator, assign security roles Data audit and compliance Generate ad hoc and scheduled reports and people analytics Manage payroll reports Performance Management – System administrator for SuccessFactors Semi-annual performance cycle configuration and readiness Generate reports and prepare payroll files Open Enrollment support – System configuration of 2019 benefits plans within the HRIS system Support employees with system questions Employee life-cycle support – Generate Offer letters & employment contracts Partner with the HR Coordinator to manage background check & I-9 processes Manage termination process and documentation In order to be successful in this role, we need someone who has: 2-3 years HR generalist experience and have worked within an HR team environment Comfortable with MS Office Suite in general, but truly embrace and revel in Excel formulas and pivot tables You are a problem solver, team player and multitasker You focus on quality over speed, but are responsive and understand a sense of urgency You have solid understanding of HR functions and partnerships (benefits, payroll, etc.) and general knowledge of California employment laws You are detail oriented with a focus on proactive identification and correction You understand the need for a heightened sense of confidentially and compliance You possess excellent interpersonal and communication skills Some bonus attributes: Previous experience with Namely, SuccessFactors, Box and/or eSignature platforms (DocuSign, Adobe Sign, etc.) Have worked at a global company Intapp provides software and services that enable professional services firms to thrive in an increasingly competitive marketplace enhancing their ability to win more business, operate efficiently, manage risk, and drive client success. Over 700 customers globally, including 96 of the Global 100 Law Firms, 5 of the top 8 Global Accounting Firms, and 5 of the top 10 Global Economic Consulting Firms rely on us. We offer a Professional Services Platform - purpose built for this industry - spanning the entire Client Lifecycle with solutions for Client Development, Business Acceptance and Client Delivery. For more information, visit: www.intapp.com.