Req ID: 39910 Job Family: Research and Development Sabre is the global leader in innovative technology that leads the travel industry. We are always looking for bright and driven people who have a penchant for technology and want to hone their skills. If you are interested in challenging work, being part of a global team, and solving complex problems through technology, business intelligence and analytics, and Agile practices - then Sabre is right for you! It is our people who develop and deliver powerful solutions that meet the current and future needs for our airline, hotel, and travel agency customers. Job Description Across the Global Operations organization there are a number of opportunities to find improved and more effective ways of going about our business and improving customer satisfaction. In a world of limited resources and funding our ability to deliver internal process improvements, easy digital self- service and outstanding service will help to drive us to becoming the organization we want to be.We are looking for a professional services evangelist with proven experience in moving our service organization into a measurable revenue stream organization through value added services. This person is accomplished in transforming customer experience in a service organization with practical skills in artificial intellieg3ence, service, revenue and training. Most importantly, the transformation into a professional services and service driven organization will come through passion, commitment, outstanding collaboration and partnership across our organization. Drives ideation and execution of strategic initiatives for the operational and financial goals of the organization. In the first 3 months, expectations include vetting professional services opportunities and vetting service model change needs for the next three years. Gain organizational buy-in and enthusiasm. Develop and begin execution plan for transformation. Within the first 6 months, this passionate person will also drive measurable objectives and KPIs for the first 9, 12 and 24 months success measures. Provide support and assistance to operational and sales colleagues in creating a value-add white paper. Job Requirements EDUCATION: Bachelor's degree required EXPERIENCE: 5-7 years of experience with Relevant industry background or knowledge (Travel and/or Tehcnoloy) PMP Cerfication preferred Previous experience in consulting is a plus Self-driven and passionate; extremely well-honed collaboration and partnership skills Strategic experience in identifying a potential revenue generating concept. Vetting the potential value and documenting as well as training resources in support of revenue stream growth Experience in all stages of transformation management – from business analysis, requirements gathering through to execution and post live evaluation Strong analytical skills Ability to identify, recommend and measure initiatives through corresponding KIPs and metrics Experienced in managing matrixed work environments; interfacing and influencing across all levels of the organization and across business units Strong project management skills Ability to lead and direct multiple projects, team members, simultaneously; ability to delegate work and contribution feedback Excellent written and verbal communications skills Advanced computer software experience Understanding and knowledge of the latest artificial intelligence opportunities Relevant industry background or knowledge (Travel and/or Technology) Reasonable Accommodation Sabre is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. Applicants applying for a Sabre position with a disability who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process may contact Sabre's Employee Relations Department at employee.relations@sabre.com Affirmative Action Sabre is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer and is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to minorities, females, veterans, and disabled individuals. EEO IS THE LAW Stay connected with Sabre Careers