Kalypso Kalypso is a consulting firm dedicated to helping clients deliver on the promise of innovation. We believe that innovation is the single most important factor for long-term growth and success. We are passionate about our work and committed to helping clients become more innovative, competitive, and productive. The Kalypso team consists of diverse industry experts with proven experience delivering results. Our people are recognized business and industry thought leaders with a passion for innovation. As a provider of professional services, our people are the key to success. We are looking for the absolute best to join our world-class team. We want balanced individuals who are willing to go the extra mile to provide the sustainable results our clients expect. At the same time, we are looking for real, multi-dimensional people – _Characters with Character_ – who complement their expertise and intelligence with personality and integrity. Integration Architect - Job Description As an Integration Architect, you will help our clients solve challenging issues. The work is fast-paced, demanding, and provides unparalleled exposure to unique opportunities. Our focus is helping clients extract value from software solutions, not just on making the technology work. In this role, you will help identify, envision, design, develop and deliver integral software solutions to a diverse set of clients in industries such as Life Science, Consume Packaged Goods, High Tech, Manufacturing, and Energy. Main responsibilities include: Designing technical and integration architectures, including development, runtime and operations architectures. Leveraging experience on integration design patterns and their application to different types of technical architectures. Define solutions using Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) patterns, automating business process models and cloud based services. Architect, design and implement small to large scale integration solutions adopting various technologies such as REST, XML, J2EE and Java. Define the SOA Governance processes including exceptions framework. Define and delivering integrated solutions by applying proven delivery methodologies including Agile and Model-Driven techniques. Design message and event-driven architectures. Requirements & Skills: Degree in Science, Engineering, or IT preferred. Knowledge in IT and a strong interest in innovative technology. Ability to establish effective working relationships in a team environment. Must be willing to travel up to 80% nationwide. No relocation necessary. Experience: Requires at least 3 to 4 years of experience in architecting, designing or implementing Integration Architectures and Applications. Requires Expertise with integration tools as MuleSoft and/or Oracle SOA. Knowledge of Collibra APIs or Collibra Connect preferred. Experience in delivery of Integration of applications like SAP Business Objects, Oracle OBIEE and Tableau. Experience in delivery of database-level integrations. Experience with training and support of end users.