The Manager, Products is responsible for collaborating with operations stakeholders and external clients to define and prioritize the Tessellate machine learning models and infrastructure vision and roadmap. This position combines expertise in the domain of mathematics, statistics and probability as well as data mining and high performance computing concepts as they apply to machine learning models. Additionally, this position focuses on applying the machine learning models to risk adjustment concepts and solutions while applying agile principles to deliver innovative product solutions. RESPONSIBILITIES/TASKS: Perform large scale data analysis and data mining to monitor new classifiers in production environments that drive product platform use Leads and drives product planning; oversees development and implementation. Establishes and maintains product portfolio and representation of the portfolio for sales, segment leadership, and the Product Community. Uses market research and user input to identify product gaps and opportunities to improve and optimize. Engages with sales, account management, internal operations, and key market stakeholders to define product needs and innovation opportunities. Develops pricing for each product; tracks and reports profitability margins at the product and customer level. Develops clear documentation, user manuals, training materials and business process flows that explain how our technical solutions and business processes are executed. Trains internal operations teams and external customers on solutions and business processes. Participates in development of annual departmental budget, monitors budget, and identifies budget discrepancies. Researches cause and makes recommendations. Responsible for balancing workload to optimize the effectiveness of the department. DIRECTION EXERCISED: Directly supervises exempt and non-exempt staff in accordance with company policies and applicable Federal and State Laws. Responsibilities include but are not limited to effectively interviewing, hiring, terminating, and training employees; planning, assigning and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and counseling employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems; supporting and encouraging the engagement process. SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE/ABILITIES (SKA) REQUIRED: Strong mathematical, statistics and probability background Strong knowledge of machine learning models and how and where they are applicable. Strong knowledge of data analysis and data mining techniques. Knowledge of software engineering and programming skills (i.e. Python, Java etc.). Knowledge of risk adjustment processes and policies (i.e. Medicare, ACA and Medicaid risk adjustment) Ability to create business cases, taking into consideration market demand, competitive pricing, cost to build, and cost to operate. Ability to prioritize and organize effectively. Excellent story writing and story splitting skills. Critical thinking and analytical skills. Excellent communications skills. Working knowledge of Lean and Agile values, principles, and practices. Must have collaborative attitude and innovative mindset. Must demonstrate leadership ability and team building skills to effectively supervise professional and non-professional staff and interact with all levels of management. Ability to work with and empower others on a collaborative basis to ensure success of unit team. Ability to effectively exchange information, in verbal or written form, by sharing ideas, reporting facts and other information, responding to questions and employing active listening techniques. Ability to effectively present budgetary and/or cost information, and respond to questions as appropriate. Ability to establish workflows, manages multiple projects, and meets necessary deadlines.