POSITION PURPOSE: This position is an entry level position with the greatest focus on learning and application of skills as related to area of expertise which are needed for a successful career. To be successful in this role will require the ability to learn and adequately demonstrate all of the basic skills needed for advancement within this career ladder. Creates and reviews designs, drawings, DBI’s (Data Base Instructions), specifications, etc. and accomplishes work within existing systems & under supervision. Uses the CAD/CAM and database systems and facilities to make layouts, analyze designs, evaluate equipment systems and generate new equipment designs. Prepares documentation, information and communications such as ECN (Engineering Change Notices), DBI (Data Base Information) and engineering specifications and ensures conformance to all policies and procedures related to engineering functions, labor reporting and systems reporting. Learning to perform as a process operator. Receives detailed instructions & guidance through design steps for routine projects. Must demonstrate an awareness of policies & procedures that affect specific job assignments. Participates as a team member & communicates information to appropriate parties at the appropriate time. POSITION DUTIES: Performs basic technical observations, analysis and modification of simple components. Basic understanding of Engineering practices, design methods & calculations. Ability to read, interpret & prepare applicable technical information & suggest design/process changes to ensure simple, functional & cost effective results. Knowledge of trends & economic conditions affecting the technical field. Solicits assistance from more experienced technical professionals & supervisor. Works with sales & service to help define customer communications, but minimal customer contact. Is respectful of others, open to other’s viewpoints, listens effectively. Encourages a positive attitude and helps maintain a good department image. Understand basics of engineering theory specific to area of specialty and/ or single product, including code and criteria requirements. Performs relatively routine activities and tasks related to their area of focus. Basic understanding of simple design. Awareness of safety issues in design specific specialty area. Participate in supervised shop/lab assembly or field installation or testing. Develops ability to recognize customer and code requirements. Begin to recognize when to consult other departmental functions. Prepares reports, correspondence, procedures, specifications and technical calculations. Prepares technical data and papers for sales personnel, customers and publications using good internal presentation and report writing skills. Travels occasionally to field sites to assist with product related problems, or to obtain application data. May assist in product cost estimates. May assist and check the work of drafters and designers. Attends appropriate industry related professional society meetings and functions in order to stay informed of and make good use of new technology, products and personal development opportunities. May participate in product standardization activities. POSITION REQUIREMENTS: BS Degree in Mechanical Engineering. Generally <2 years of experience in field. Able to operate computer systems within related field. Basic analytical and problem solving skills related to field. Accuracy and attention to detail important. Ability to meet deadlines and manage priorities is important. Effective written and verbal communication skills in English are important. Ability to work in a team-oriented environment is important. Ability to receive constructive feedback and coaching, and respond appropriately. Articulate and substantiate own point of view to peers and supervisors. Ability to communicate basic information effectively with peers, customers, and management, both verbally and in writing. Beginning to understand and communicate within diverse cultural environments. Generally characterized as a "Learner". Requires decreasing amount of task oversight and review during time in position. Demonstrate cooperation and interaction across stakeholders with similar goals, typically internal. WORK ENVIRONMENT: Office environment. Possible exposure to hazards such as noise, heavy equipment, temperature extremes, chemicals, etc. while working in Engineering laboratory, assembly areas and field service applications. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: Spends 50% of time sitting and operating a computer or workstation. Spends 50% of time lifting, pushing, and walking. Some climbing.