Who We Are We’re America’s largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D Power ranked Quicken Loans “Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination” for the past eight consecutive years, 2010 – 2017. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for four consecutive years, 2014 through 2017, each year the company was eligible. There’s a simple reason we’ve been so successful: We care about the people we work with. If you’re tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then you’ll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply won’t find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named 1 in ESSENCE Magazine’s first ever list of “Best Places to Work for African Americans” in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's "Best Places to Work in IT" list for 13 years running, hitting 1 the last five years. We were also ranked 14 in FORTUNE Magazine’s list of "100 Best Companies to Work For" in 2018, remaining in the top-30 for the past 15 years. What You'll Do/Need The Telecom Analyst performs advanced software administration and supports the company’s telephony systems, with an emphasis on Contact Center technology. This team member will interface with different business users in the Call Center to consult, advise on and create the necessary Contact Center applications. The Telecom Analyst adds a strategic component to the team, continuously working to optimize the Contact Center telecom infrastructure by routing, administering and maintaining the telephony environment as well as finding new feature. Responsibilities Meet with the business regularly to understand business problems, find opportunities and offer solutions Plan, design and implement call flows and call routing, such as vectoring, scripting and attribute-based skill routing Configure call assistance products Analyze and program Contact Center telephony-related products and software services, such as call management, interactive voice response (IVR), call recording, attribute-based skill routing, omni channels, automatic call distribution (hunt groups), computer-telephony integration (CTI), prompting and hold announcements Continuously maintain day-to-day requests and changes to the existing Contact Center products and environment Understand and document the customer journey in the Contact Center Troubleshoot Contact Center issues Document all trouble resolution, capacity planning and outages Actively search for ways to improve systems, stability and applications, and implement and document them Research and test new Contact Center features in order to add efficiencies to the current process Act as the technical subject matter expert on assigned systems Produce and maintain technical documentation of Contact Center telecom processes Requirements Associate or bachelor’s degree, a technical institute degree or equivalent work experience Extensive experience in a large call center environment Strong knowledge of CTI, call flow, omni channels and call routing Knowledge of Contact Center metrics Experience with mainstream telephony products (call recording, dialers, WorkForce, call accounting, IVR, phone systems and voicemail) Extensive troubleshooting skills Great interpersonal communication skills Ability to multitask and excellent time management capabilities Client-focused mindset Ability to work independently with little supervision Never-ending, self-motivated curiosity with a history of innovation What’ll Make You Special Experience with Avaya, including Avaya CMS, CMS Supervisor, Vectoring, Engagement Designer, Intelligent Call Routing, Breeze and Oceana What You'll Get Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision insurance and much more Opportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth training Other incentives, contests and rewards, including trips, event tickets, cash prizes and more Why We're Different Corporate politics not your strong suit? The anti-corporate culture of Quicken Loans gives our team members the initiative to build solutions together and grow both personally and professionally. At Quicken Loans, we’re in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly aren’t putting ceilings on our team members’ careers. If you’re interested in working in a place with a philosophy that’s truly different, apply today. Quicken Loans is an equal opportunity employer. _Disclaimer: Quicken Loans received the highest numerical score in the proprietary J.D. Power 2010 – 2016 Primary Mortgage Origination studies and the 2014 – 2017 Primary Mortgage Servicer studies. 2016 Origination (or Sales) based on 5,182 total responses and measures the opinions of customers who originated a new mortgage or refinanced within the past 12 months, surveyed in July – August 2016. 2017 Servicing based on 7,374 total responses and measures the opinions of homeowners on their mortgage servicing company, surveyed in March – April 2017. Your experiences may vary. Visit JDPower.com._ __ _Quicken Loans is the 1 online lender based on the ranking of Quicken Loans in comparison to online residential mortgage lenders included in the Inside Mortgage Finance "Top 50 Mortgage Lenders" report from Q2 2017._