ABOUT UCARE At UCare, we deliver high-quality health coverage and services to help members of all ages maintain and improve their health. It's a big job that takes innovative ideas, strategic partnerships, and a commitment to doing the right thing. Above all, it takes a compassionate team that is dedicated to making a real difference in the lives of our members and our communities. WORKING AT UCARE Working at UCare is more than just a career; it's a mission. A mission that defines us as professionals, unites us as an organization, and shapes how we interact with our members and each other. Our values of integrity, community, quality, flexibility, and respect permeate every aspect of our organization – from who we are and how we act, to what we do and how we do it. We owe our continued success to our employees who proudly embody our mission and values in everything they do. CS WORKFORCE ANALYST Position Description This position is responsible to oversee the Workforce Management (WFM) platform utilized for forecasting and scheduling in the customer services center. Monitor and report call center operational and performance standards. Communicate staffing and training needs for member services, provider assistance center, service team and transportation teams. Evaluate and develop opportunities to improve service center performance and efficiency. Lead in the effort of updating and entering statistical data into Workforce Management, ensuring adequate coverage by scheduling breaks and lunches, schedule maintenance, including adjusting thresholds and IS collaboration. Review and respond to time off requests, off phone activities, meetings and shift changes based on business needs. Collaborate with supervisors on real-time monitoring of the ACD and schedule adherence to maximize customer availability. Maintain daily, weekly and monthly reporting of call center service levels. Reporting and tracking vendor invoices and send off timely for payment processing. Communicate service impacts to call center leadership this includes service level impacts, analyze staffing and training needs and make recommendations. Assist with forecasting while acting as the main scheduler. Responsibilities include updating and entering statistical info into WFM tool. Collaborate and follow up with IS on open help desk tickets and drive to desired resolution. Responsible for maintenance of recordings: greetings, prompts and hold messages. Other projects and duties as assigned. Education High school diploma or equivalent. Associates degree preferred. Required Experience Knowledge of multi skill call center environment. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft office products: Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Outlook. Preferred Experience Expertise and understanding of CISCO ACD. Knowledge with IVR systems. Workforce Management scheduling software (forecasting and scheduling) THE UCARE DIFFERENCE UCare is proud to be a recognized Star Tribune Top Workplace for the 9th consecutive year. As a part of our collaborative team, you'll experience the rewards that come with helping others and seeing the positive results of your hard work. We value and respect each individual's ideas and contributions, and give you the freedom to grow both personally and professionally. We are centrally located, and offer onsite education, equipment and wellness resources, a myriad of volunteer activities, and a number of other rewards. If you're looking for a welcoming environment that celebrates what you have to offer, helps you build on your strengths, and gives you the opportunity to truly make a difference, we invite you to apply. As an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, we welcome and employ a diverse employee group committed to meeting the needs of UCare, our members, and the communities we serve.