About Augmedix Augmedix is a health care services technology platform deployed in 32 states with many of the nation’s largest health systems. Our mission is to rehumanize the doctor-patient interaction. We provide remote, real-time EHR scribing and productivity services to outpatient doctors. Our service saves clinicians more than 10 hours a week and increases clinical efficiency by 40%. Our five major health system customers are also investors in the company. About the Customer Team The Augmedix Customer Team is the unified organization under which the Sales, Marketing, Account Management, Product, and Design teams fall. It is responsible for the end-to-end customer lifecycle, with the goal of continually delighting the customer, meeting growth and revenue milestones, and building out a suite of products and services to support the company’s long term vision. About the position: The Customer Analytics Manager (CA Manager) will report directly to the Head of Business Intelligence & Customer Analytics (BI & CA). The CA Manager will own the deployment of advanced customer performance analytics reporting. The CA Manager will work closely with the Co-Founder/Chief Customer Officer, senior Sales leads, the Account Management team, the Product and Design teams, and multiple stakeholders across each customer’s C-suite and clinical operations staff. Customer analytics are indispensable to all of Augmedix’s B2B sell-in, expansion, and new product launch efforts. Our enterprise health customers rely on Augmedix to continuously substantiate the positive return on their investment in the Augmedix platform. The CA Manager will be critical to the company’s customer relationships and revenue goals, and will frequently present insights directly to our customers. About You Possess prodigious intellectual curiosity Be a demonstrated analytics geek and modeling guru Absolutely crush it in Excel and PowerPoint Be energized to learn analytical technologies and tools Have a painstaking attention to detail Synthesize compelling business stories using data Employ top-tier verbal and written communication skills Thrive when presenting and advocating for ideas Be able to flex between “nitty-gritty” deliverables and high-level strategy projects Enjoy the “white space” and ambiguous challenges of a high-growth environment Love a fast pace and constantly-evolving projects Be humbly open to constructive dialogue and debate Have a great sense of humor Be an exceptional cross-functional team player Have a strong passion to improve the quality of U.S. health care, innovate, deliver excellent work, and have fun Experience An undergraduate degree in business, economics, or a similarly pertinent discipline 2+ years of experience in customer- or client-facing analytical roles (strategy consulting a major plus) Experience in healthcare (or working knowledge of the healthcare system) Experience in a services business Experience presenting to executive decision-makers Experience with financial modeling Experience working with data architecture and BI tools Experience writing and managing queries in SQL