Graphic Packaging International, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Graphic Packaging Holding Company (NYSE: GPK), is committed to providing consumer packaging that makes a world of difference. Headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, we are a leading global provider of paper-based packaging solutions for a wide variety of products for food, beverage, foodservice and other consumer products companies. We are one of the largest producers of folding cartons and hold a leading market position in solid bleached sulfate, coated unbleached kraft and coated recycled paperboard. Graphic Packaging’s customers include some of the most widely- recognized companies in the world. We achieve our vision by delivering value to our customers, building a high- performance culture for our employees and creating superior returns for our shareholders. We strive to be an environmentally responsible leader in our industry and in the communities where we operate. Graphic Packaging has approximately 17,000 employees working in more than 60 locations in North and South America, Europe and the Pacific Rim. We are committed to workplace diversity and offer compensation and benefit programs that are among the best in the industry to reward the talented people who make our company successful. We invite you to review the following employment opportunity and to learn more about us at www.graphicpkg.com. Inspired Packaging. A World of Difference. We are a folding carton manufacturing operation seeking candidates to join our Shipping Department as a Shipper/Receiver (1030pm- 630am). We offer outstanding opportunities for our employees to advance their careers through on the job training and job progression. These are skilled trade positions where our employees build successful careers in the Printing & Packaging industry. We offer a wide array of benefits including, but not limited to, Paid Vacation & Holidays, optional Health, Dental, and Life Insurance, health spending accounts as well as 401-K with matching funds. Employees may voluntarily elect Pet Insurance, Home & Auto Insurance Programs, Purchasing Power, Tuition Reimbursement, Aflac, Lifelock Identity Protection, and Hyatt Legal Services. Tobacco Cessation and Employee Assistance/Referral Program, Uniform Service, Safety Shoe, and Safety Prescription-Eyewear benefits are also available. JOB FUNCTIONS The following is a list of specific duties which are considered the essential functions of this job. The list is not exhaustive, as all positions at the company are dynamic. The employee who occupies this position is expected to assume any/all duties assigned by management irrespective of whether such duties are specifically included in this list. A shipping material handler will spend approximately 70% of working shift on a forklift and 30% doing other shipping duties. Know, understand and follow all plant and department safety requirements. Maintain a safe and clean environment inside and outside of the facility. Maintain equipment and do all required safety checks and cleanings as required. Wrap loads and insure quality standards and checks are being completed this is insuring packing, wrapping, labeling and information is correct on outbound shipment of product. Ship and Receive all product in and out of the plant location. Insure all manifests, invoices, orders, shipping documentation, and forms are accurate. Examine documents to insure outbound and incoming contents are accurate with paperwork of the shipment. Prepare documents such as work orders, bills of ladings, packing slips and shipping orders. Shuttle product from the facility to outside warehousing as need with accurate billing and documentation for accurate inventories. Record shipping data such as damages, rejected trailers, discrepancies for reporting, accounting and recordkeeping purposes. Determine shipping methods and procedures for safe shipment based on the material using shipping knowledge and procedures. Deliver or rout incoming material or equipment to the appropriate departments. Confer and correspond with representatives to rectify problems such as shortage of material, late trucks, quality issues and nonconformance to specifications. This will include but is not limited to the warehouse, other shifts, production departments, corporate transportation, quality departments, safety manager or any supervision of the plant. Communicating with Supervisors, Peers and Subordinates to insure all issues are communicated properly. Store, maintain and monitor shipping materials and supplies used for shipping. Contact corporate shipping (TMS) or supervision when needed to insure scheduled inbound and outbound reach their destinations as scheduled to meet the needs of the customer and our facilities. Compute weights and pallet amounts to insure trailers are loaded properly and not detained over the road. Load product on shipments and shuttles to insure scheduled load times are being met by our facility and the warehouse along with scheduled delivery time of product. Process customer returns and validate all incoming product. Use, know and understand all computer programs and technical skills used at the facility in the shipping and inventory function. JOB SPECIFICATIONS Physical and visual activities that are commonly associated with the performance of the functions of this job: Position is associated with walking, lifting, carrying and sitting. Must be able to lift 75lbs. Specific to propane tanks seek assistance when lifting and installing tank onto a forklift. Use of Machines, Tools, Equipment, Software: Forklifts Radio and Communication devices Bar code reader E-Mail communications. SAP PEAK Phone-Two way communications Fax The knowledge and understanding of meeting both internal and external customer needs. Servicing the customers and vendors in a professional manner while supplying prompt delivery and receiving of products to and from the facility. High School diploma or GED required. Know, understand and pass all needed skill level matrix. Know and understand SAP application in regards to inventory, production and shipments. Know and understand all shipping protocol and procedures. English speaking, reading and writing skills and comprehension- This is needed to insure proper shipping, receiving and computer programs are used to insure proper and legal documentation and processes are followed. This will include the need to be able to understand written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents and programs. It includes conveying information to the needed parties and writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience. Must have reasoning ability to identify alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems. Must be flexible: Able to work other shifts, overtime and Saturdays when needed. “Commonly associated” is not intended to mean always or only. There may be different experiences that suggest other ways or circumstances where reasonable changes or accommodations are appropriate. DISCLAIMER _The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this job. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required for this job. This job description is not an employment contract, implied or otherwise. The employment relationship remains at-will._ _Graphic Packaging is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All candidates will be evaluated on the basis of their qualifications for the job in question. We do not base our employment decision on an employee's or applicant's race, color, religion, age, gender or sex (including pregnancy), national origin, ancestry, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic identity, genetic information, disability, veteran/military status or any other basis prohibited by local, state, or federal law. Click_ _here_ _to view the EEO is the Law Poster._ Required Skills Required Experience