This posting is for Grace Hopper Conference About American Express American Express is a global services company that provides consumers and businesses with exceptional access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. We make it easier, safer and more rewarding for consumers and businesses to purchase the things they need and for merchants to sell their goods and services through innovative payment, travel and expense management solutions. Our direct relationships with millions of consumers, businesses and merchants worldwide - combined with our leading-edge marketing, analytical, rewards, and servicing capabilities - enable us to uniquely offer an array of differentiated experiences that enrich lives. American Express was built on service, sustained by innovation and our vision is to work hard every single day to provide the world’s best customer experience every day. About Credit and Fraud Risk Purposeful, ambitious, insatiable, analytical, collaborative and courageous are the hallmarks of our Credit and Fraud Risk team. This critical team is responsible for managing enterprise risks through the customer life cycle and across all our global products. We develop industry- first data capabilities, build profitable decisioning frameworks, create machine-learning powered predictive models, and improve customer servicing strategies. This team has delivered industry-leading results year after year while enabling profitable growth and delivering a best-in-class customer experience. This team is comprised of several diverse teams structured under four, core functions: Credit Risk Strategy : Monitor portfolios and make profit-based risk decisions at all stages of the customer credit life cycle Decision Science : Build predictive models using AI/Machine Learning for all portfolios and products Fraud Risk Strategy : Develop fraud prevention strategies on behalf of our customers Risk Capabilities : Develop capabilities to manage data and execute business strategies Job Responsibilities You will play a central Product Manager role in envisioning and design of next generation of global consumer and commercial credit risk capabilities spanning limit management, customer management, authorizations and hardship and collections. This is a partner facing role that is responsible for process vision and roadmap, customer experience, business architecture, assembling and grooming requirements, prioritization, status tracking and reporting, defining process SLAs and controls. You will lead transformation of risk systems, play a key role in detailing the blueprint, and work with partners in Risk, as well as external partners to arrive at the best design/solution and handle its execution. The key responsibilities for this role are: As a Product Manager, translate needs of business owners/stakeholders and deliver on the Product roadmap Collaborate with cross-functional partners across to brainstorm innovative solutions, gather requirements and benefits and drive a common future vision Figure out requirement readiness for development, initial level of E2E solution design, and rationalization and prioritization Drive enhancement of end-to-end customer facing processes that support core risk management decisions and create innovative solutions that are cost-efficient and scalable across the enterprise Work in close partnership with Risk Capabilities and AET to deploy next generation risk capabilities, designed for long-term adaptability Run ad hoc analytics in support of the capability development Collaborate with Compliance, Legal, Global Banking, and the AXP Privacy Office to deliver defect-free capabilities with the flexibility to meet evolving customer needs while satisfying all relevant regulatory requirements Qualifications Qualifications: Advanced Degree (i.e. MBA or MS, PhD) in a quantitative field such as Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Engineering, Computer Science Advanced degree is preferred but not required given a suitable combination of formal education and experience Broad expertise in consumer or commercial risk management encompassing knowledge of processes and systems Ability to build strong relationships, operate effectively within large cross-functional teams, and influence business partners to drive transformational change Ability to communicate and interact effectively with internal and external partners at all levels Demonstrated ability to think innovatively and design industry leading solutions A good balance of technical knowledge and business insight with a track record of driving innovation with a customer-first mindset Understanding of Sclaed Agile (SAFe) principles and experience effectively managing a backlog of competing initiatives is preferred Experience on working with Big Data, SAS/SQL, Hive preferred Depending on factors such as business unit requirements, the nature of the position, cost and applicable laws, American Express may provide visa sponsorship for certain positions. Life at American Express American Express is known for backing our customers to help them achieve their goals and dreams, both big and small. At American Express, we’re changing the way people live and work through meaningful projects with real-world impact. When you join our team you can make a difference by improving the everyday lives of customers around the world. Growing great leaders is one of the things that sets American Express apart. Every employee has the opportunity—and is encouraged—to take their personal leadership to the next level through a wide variety of leadership and learning programs. Our employees and their families feel supported at every stage of their lives. We provide resources and benefits that help support their physical, financial and emotional well-being, such as our award-winning global corporate wellness program, Healthy Living, and many others including: 20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave, Health (dental and vision) and Life Insurance, Tuition Reimbursement, 401k with match. Some of our roles even offer flexible work arrangements so you can work how it makes sense for you, without ever compromising quality. Creating an inclusive culture is both a part of who we are and what we do together. We value and embrace the diversity of thought, backgrounds and experiences of all our employees. Through our 15 Employee Networks, participants can broaden their associations with other employees while expanding their knowledge of the business. American Express is a place where being yourself matters. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Tags: GH2018 ReqID: 18011729 Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time