Job Description: Brighter is growing! We are looking for a Data Specialist to work on our Redshift data warehouses supporting our Marketing and Product Development teams. Your primary responsibility will development on Redshift using methods which merge traditional data warehousing and big data techniques. You will have the opportunity to work on a wide variety of projects and learn from seasoned veterans. We will put you on the path towards a career in Data Engineering, Data Analytics and Data Science. Our team is extremely collaborative. Interested candidates must be self- motivated and eager to learn. You will be given ownership of projects and the support needed to execute those projects professionally and efficiently. Responsibilities Directly work with Product and Marketing teams to gather requirements Data Pipeline and Data Warehouse development using SQL on modern data warehousing systems Participate in production data pipeline projects supporting Brighter’s digital properties Troubleshoot and maintain existing and future data warehouse systems Qualifications Requirements Minimum 1+ years in data systems and analytics development Extensive knowledge of SQL Knowledge of traditional data warehousing techniques. We break the rules, you need to understand why. Analytic skills related to working with structured and unstructured data sets Working knowledge of Python or Scala Nice-to-haves Understanding of web analytics Understanding of AWS “Big Data” tools(Redshift, EMR) Understanding of the salesforce data model Prior experience in Sales and Marketing analytics Understanding of the medical insurance industry “We have a huge opportunity here at Brighter – with the agile, disruptive culture of a startup and the backing of a health care industry giant – we have the chance to use technology to completely transform how consumers understand and use their health benefits. I look forward to having you join the team to help us make health insurance simpler and more accessible . ” – Jake Winebaum, Brighter Founder and CEO, Cigna’s Chief Digital Officer Qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status. Need an accommodation? Email: SeeYourself@cigna.com