The Business Analyst has the primary responsibility to elicit, analyze, validate, specify, verify, and manage the real needs of the project stakeholders, including customers and end users. The business analyst serves as the conduit between the customer community and the software development team through which requirements flow. This role performs advanced business analysis work. A business analyst is involved at some level throughout the entire software development life cycle. Upon establishment of the requirements baseline, the focus is shifted towards the management of the requirements specification and verifying the fulfillment of all requirements. This position will support the suite of applications that make up the Educator Certification Systems and other TEA applications. The Educator Certification System is a Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software application that tracks the certification of a Texas educator through the credentialing process and beyond. As this application is currently in production, this position focuses not only on new enhancements or modifications that are needed, but also on daily production support activities. Work involves analyzing user requirements and fully documenting reported problems and needed system enhancements while considering limitations. Individuals work under minimal supervision, with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Additional Military Crosswalk (occupational specialty code) information can be accessed at: http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. Essential Job Functions: Work with the project manager or project sponsor to document the product's vision and the project's scope. Support existing applications by analyzing problem reports from application owners to determine if the problem is an application defect, misunderstanding of application functionality or a needed system enhancement. Communicate results effectively with an emphasis on customer service by summarizing the problem reported, analysis conducted, findings and/or proposed solution. Identify project stakeholders and user classes. Document user class characteristics. Identify appropriate representatives for each user class and negotiate their responsibilities. Organize and facilitate joint application development (JAD) sessions or meets one-on-one with internal customers to elicit system requirements. Elicit requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, storyboards, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, event lists, business analysis, competitive product analysis, task and workflow analysis, and/or viewpoints. Write requirements specifications according to standard templates, using natural language simply, clearly, unambiguously, and concisely. Decompose high-level business and user requirements into functional requirements and quality, specified in an appropriate level of detail suitable for use by those must base their work on the requirements. Define quality attributes, external interfaces, constraints, and other nonfunctional requirements. Transform information from customer sessions into functional and system requirements documented in either a software requirements specification (SRS) utilizing use cases, textual descriptions and UML diagrams. Lead requirements analysis and verification, ensuring that requirement statements are complete, consistent, concise, comprehensible, traceable, feasible, unambiguous, and verifiable, and that they conform to standards. Participate in requirements prioritization. Participate in peer reviews and inspections of requirements documents. Participate in peer reviews of work products derived from requirements specifications to ensure that the requirements were interpreted correctly. Enter, manipulate and report on requirements stored in a commercial requirements management tool. Define requirement attributes and facilitate their use throughout the project. Manage requirements traceability information and track requirements status throughout the project. Manage changes to baselined requirements through effective application of change control processes and tools. Work collaboratively with the development team and testers to clarify or resolve requirements questions and issues. Develop and distribute system release notes and coordinate customer acceptance testing working with the Project Manager and Technical Lead. Assist in the training users on the use of the system as well the development and verification of all system user documentation. Organize and facilitate customer acceptance testing. Establish and implement effective requirements practices, including use and continuous improvement of a requirements process. Assist with the development of the organization's requirements engineering policies, procedures, and tools. Implement ways to reuse requirements across projects. May develop and execute testing scenarios. May plan, assign, and/or supervise the work of others. May be assigned high-priority special projects or requests that need to be completed within a short time frame. Perform related tasks as assigned by the direct supervisor. Work under limited supervision with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. May need to work outside the normal work hours to accommodate other duties or tasks assigned. Minimum Qualifications: Education: Graduation from an accredited four year college or university with major course work in computer science, management information systems, business administration or a related field is required. Experience: Five (5) years experience in deriving requirements from interviews with customers and creating system requirements documents based on the interviews. Prefer experience with analyzing existing applications to determine solutions for problems reported by customer as well as collecting requirements for requested enhancements. Work experience in conducting a complete and detailed analysis of business process. We prefer experience with requirements management tools like Compuware Optimal Trace and UML modeling tools such as Enterprise Architect. Substitution: Each additional year of experience above the required minimum may substitute for education on a year for year basis. Travel: Less than 10% required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSAs): Knowledge of: An understanding of contemporary requirements elicitation, analysis, specification, verification, and management practices and the ability to apply them in practice; familiarity with requirements engineering books and resources. An understanding of how to practice requirements engineering according to several software development life cycles in a team environment. A solid understanding of database structures. Knowledge of product management concepts and how enterprise software products are positioned and developed. Application domain knowledge is a plus to have credibility with user representatives and be able to work effectively with them. Skill in: Interviewing skills, to talk with individuals and groups about their needs and ask the right questions to elicit essential requirements information. Listening skills, to understand what people say and to detect what they might be hesitant to say. Analytical skills, to critically evaluate the information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a more general understanding, distinguish presented user requests from the underlying true needs and distinguish solution ideas from requirements. Facilitation skills, to lead requirements elicitation workshops. Observational skills, to validate data obtained via other techniques and expose new areas for elicitation. Writing skills, to communicate information effectively to customers, marketing, managers, and technical staff. Organizational skills, to work with the vast array of information gathered during elicitation and analysis and to cope with rapidly changing information. Interpersonal skills, to help negotiate priorities and to resolve conflicts among project stakeholders (such as customers, product management, and engineering). Modeling skills, to represent requirements information in graphical forms that augment textual representations in natural language, including using modeling languages already established in the development organization. Ability to: Translate business plans and requirements into information systems concepts. Assimilate input from many different sources and present concise recommendations. Communicate technical concepts to professional, non-technical clients. Adapt to the agency's Software Development Life Cycle as it pertains to what the business analyst needs to provide. Adapt to using tools adopted by the agency for providing business analysis services. Work independently to research requirements and follow established standards for end products. Work constructively as part of a team to coordinate with developers and business users to analyze system characteristics. Adapt to using tools adopted by the agency for providing business analysis services. Work independently to research requirements and follow established standards for end products. Work constructively as part of a team to coordinate with developers and business users to analyze system characteristics. Supplemental Information: This job description is not an employment agreement or contract. Management has the exclusive right to alter this job description at any time without notice. Salary is dependent on qualifications. Positions exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) will earn compensatory time off rather than overtime for hours in excess of 40 per week. May be required to work hours other than 8 to 5. May be required to work weekends and holidays. In accordance with applicable federal and state equal opportunity laws, it is TEA's policy that no person shall be excluded from consideration for recruitment, selection, appointment, training, promotion, retention or any other personnel action, or be denied any benefits or participation in any educational programs or activities which it operates on the grounds of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, disability, age or veteran status (except where age, sex, or disability constitutes a bona fide occupational qualification necessary to proper and efficient administration). The Immigration Reform and Control Act requires all new employees to present proof of identity and eligibility to work in the United States. TEA does not sponsor H1-B work visas. Males, 18 to 25 years of age, are required to present proof of selection service registration (or exemption) prior to being employed by any state agency, There is a 60-day waiting period for health insurance coverage. This position requires the applicant to meet Agency standards and criteria which may include passing a pre-employment criminal background check, prior to being offered employment by the Agency. Please note, TEA does not accept resumes. An internal applicant who is selected for a position in their current salary group that has the same state title is not eligible for a salary increase. An internal applicant who is selected for a position in their current salary group with a new state title may receive an increase up to 3.4%. The Texas Education Agency uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify.