ABOUT BODHI: Bodhi aims to build a credible, autonomous, and global prediction market. This platform will allow users to create and trade on the outcome of finance, sports, politics, and any other type of events that are publicly verifiable. Bodhi’s innovative “replaceable oracle” mechanism, powered by Bodhi’s digital token (BOT), will enhance the reliability of the prediction market’s decision- making process. ABOUT THIS OPPORTUNITY: Our Full Stack Developer is responsible for the whole product development cycle, including environment support, blockchain, web interfaces and have a strong striving for excellence in all aspects of it. You’ll have the opportunity to transform an industry by building up blockchain system for Bodhi. QUALIFICATIONS: 2+ years of experience as a Software Engineer, or similar capacity. Experience with HTML and ReactJS to implement front-end UI/UX design. Experience with backend technologies such as Node.js, Go, or Python. Experience with RESTful architecture and GraphQL. Experience with NoSQL databases. Understanding principles and features for different databases types. Good testing habits with TDD and BDD. Experience in writing unit, integration, and E2E tests. Good communication and project management skills, a willingness to learn, and creative thinking. Being a team-player. BONUS POINTS: Experience with Solidity smart contracts and Dapp development. Experience with JSS, MobX, Material-UI for ReactJS. Independent experience at building front-end & back-end server components. Passion with blockchain technology and to work in a startup environment. BENEFITS: Competitive package Flexible work hours Health insurance Vacation & Paid time off Lunch allowance & snacks Happy hours & team outing Job Type: Full-time / Intern Engineer Location: San Mateo, CA USA Bodhi official website: https://www.bodhi.network [https://www.bodhi.network] How to Apply : Send your resume to hiring@bodhi.network quoting the Job Title in the email subject. (Bodhi is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any kind. Bodhi does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, national origin, marital status, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need).