The coolest jobs on this planet… or any other… are with Lockheed Martin Space. At the dawn of a new space age, Lockheed Martin is a pioneer, partner, innovator and builder. Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds’ hardest engineering problems. Our culture encourages employees to dream big, perform with excellence and create incredible products. We provide the resources, inspiration and focus and if you have the passion and courage to dream big, we want to build a better tomorrow with you. Join the Lockheed Martin Air Force Programs team where we are doing cutting edge engineering on missions of national strategic importance. Help us build on our more than 60 year history of supporting of our Air Force customer, while we develop systems for the next 60 years. The Systems Engineer will: have an understanding of systems engineering principles as it relates to developing, coordinating, and conducting technical studies, evaluations of engineering design concepts, and detailed technical analyses using mathematical models for weapon systems, subsystems, assemblies, and components support software tool development and utilization in performing technical studies, evaluations of engineering design concepts, and detailed technical analyses using mathematical models in support of the sustainment of current and development of future strategic weapons systems perform engineering assessment of systems or subsystems using methodologies and techniques appropriate to the systems engineering discipline, including radiation effects, risk management, requirements management, and reliability analysis develop technical reports and documentation Typically requires 0 - 3 years of professional experience. To promote the sharing of ideas, Lockheed Martin fosters an inclusive work environment that encourages differences and big-picture thinking. Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually. Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy: Medical Dental 401k Paid time off Work/life balance Career development Mentorship opportunities Rewards & recognition Learn more about Lockheed Martin’s competitive and comprehensive benefits package. Desired Skills: \- Familiarity with requirements development activities including requirement creation, validation and verification utilizing various test and analytical techniques MCNP radiation transport code and data reduction techniques Model Based Engineering processes and tools, to include Rhapsody, Cameo System Modeler, SysML or similar Project Planning tools and methods Active Secret Clearance with ability to obtain a Top Secret clearance BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelors or Masters degree in Engineering (e.g., Aeronautical, Electrical, Systems, Engineering/Physics) or a closely related discipline Engineering software tool development, troubleshooting and execution, data reduction and presentation General knowledge of radiation effects (Nuclear Hardness and Survivability) as it relates to the design and assessment of electrical and/or mechanical components and systems US Citizenship and ability to obtain a DoD Secret security clearance Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.