POSITION SUMMARY bswift is currently seeking an Analyst to join our growing team at our headquarters in Downtown Chicago. The Analyst will mainly be responsible helping bswift meet and exceed client expectations by supporting consumers on our best-in-class HR software and services. Fundamental Components: Responsibilities of the Analyst: Build client sites, including benefit plan rules, details, prices, text and documents Test client sites to ensure proper functionality and quality Conduct regression testing to discover software enhancements or needs Import data into system as needed and assist with ad hoc client projects Prepare employee and employer communication documents Triage client tickets and questions via email and voicemail and provide next response time Audit system data from various sources and produce reports about summary and details Assist call center through answering inbound calls from specific clients and their employees Resolve any data discrepancies with external vendors Perform billing tasks such as invoice generation, posting payment, and reconcile receivables BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE desired: Required Qualifications of the Analyst: 2+ years of professional client facing experience within in analysis and data management Advanced proficiency in MS Excel, working knowledge of MS Office products, Internet Explorer Extensive experience with databases, as well as data interpretation and data manipulation Knowledge of managed care products including HMO, PPO, and Medicare Part D Healthcare industry background Education: Bachelor's degree is required EDUCATION The highest level of education desired for candidates in this position is a Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience. ADDITIONAL JOB INFORMATION About bswift: bswift offers software and services that streamline benefits, HR and payroll administration for employers and public and private exchanges nationwide. bswifts state-of-the-art cloud-based technology and outsourcing solutions significantly reduce administrative costs and time-consuming paperwork, making life easier for administrators and millions of consumers who enroll in benefits with bswift. At bswift, our values are Higher Standards, Greater Accountability and More Fun. We pride ourselves on having an engaged, friendly and smart team that goes the extra mile to get the job done right. The reward is a fun, flexible and creative environment with ample opportunity for professional and personal growth. bswift was named one of Chicagos Best and Brightest Companies to Work For in 2014, 2015 and 2016, as well as one of the Nations Best and Brightest Companies to Work For in 2014 and 2015. We are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities. If you have what it takes to join our award-winning culture, wed love to hear from you! Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come. We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence. Together we will empower people to live healthier lives. Aetna is an equal opportunity & affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard. Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position. Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.