United States Postal Service _External Publication for Job Posting 10215816_ If this job requires qualification on an examination, the number of applicants who will be invited to take or retake the examination may be limited. _Branch_ Information Technology _Job Posting Period_ 08/08/2018 - 08/20/2018 _Job Title_ COMPUTER ANLYST/PRGMR ASSOC _Facility Location_ EAGAN ITASC 1 2825 LONE OAK PKWY EAGAN, MN 55121-9000 CONTACT INFO: EASCHR@USPS.GOV S/O: CRAIG COLE _Position Information_ TITLE: COMPUTER ANLYST/PRGMR ASSOC GRADE: - IT/ASC 19 FLSA DESIGNATION: Non-Exempt OCCUPATION CODE: 2210-0194 NON-SCHEDULED DAYS: Saturday/Sunday HOURS: 08:00 A.M. to 04:30 P.M. SALARY RANGE: $70,337.00 Annually FINANCE NUMBER: 266368 BENEFIT INFORMATION: The salary will be based on previous experience, salary history, and current postal pay policies. We offer excellent benefits including health and life insurance, retirement plan, savings/investment plan with employer contribution, flexible spending, flextime scheduling of core work hours, annual and sick leave. _Persons Eligible to Apply_ All U.S. Citizens, permanent resident aliens, citizens of American Samoa or any other territory owing allegiance to the United States. Applicants must be available for screening activities, including an interview. Applicants entitled to veterans’ preference and/or covered by the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act may apply for any posted position. Current career postal employees are not eligible to apply. If you are a military veteran, you must attach a copy of your DD-214 (Member Copy 4) to your application under the Veterans Preference tab. Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with the Selective Service System. Applicants must be age 18 at the time of hire (or age 16 with a high school diploma). All applicants must apply on line at www.usps.com/employment to be considered for this employment opportunity. Paper or Emailed Applications for Employment will not be accepted in person or by email. You must have a valid email address to apply as communication regarding employment opportunities, examinations, interviews and background checks will be conveyed by email. Please add the following email domain addresses to your contact list right away to allow correspondence, especially if you use SPAM blocking software, use a yahoo or gmail account, or use a work or military email address! @usps.gov @psionline.com @geninfo.com @uspsis.gov NOTICE SCREENINGS REQUESTED: You may receive multiple requests for background checks in regards to this employment opportunity. Respond to all requests quickly as we anticipate filling our vacancies quickly and nonresponses may result in disqualification for this opportunity. Newly appointed EAS Grade employees are subject to a 180 year probationary period. Candidates are evaluated based on their demonstration (through a combination of education, training and experience) of the knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSAs) relevant to the position's requirements. You may use both your Summary of Accomplishments and description of duties (under Work Experience) to address each of the requirements listed. _Functional Purpose_ Work alone or as part of a team on small, moderately complex projects, assisting higher level analysts/programmers in the analysis, evaluation, development and maintenance of computer programs, systems, and procedures used to process data. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 1\. Participate in the project planning process that determines programming and hardware needs. Assist in preparing programming specifications and in developing coding logic. 2\. Prepare charts, diagrams, and other program and system documentation as needed. 3\. Code, test, and debug detailed programming instructions, based on programming specifications normally prepared by higher level analysts/programmers, and using computer languages identified and available in the Infrastructure Tool Kit (ITK). 4\. Maintain current knowledge of and follow all security procedures. Identify, respond to, and report actual or potential security risks. 5\. Assists in the installation of updates and revisions to computer programs and procedures. 6\. Prepares and provides final documentation on revisions and updates for the computer operations function. 7\. Provides technical support to end users on the revisions or updates. 8\. Performs other job-related tasks as assigned or required to support the duties outlined above. SUPERVISION Manager or supervisor of unit to which assigned. The United States Postal Service has the following excellent and challenging employment opportunity for highly motivated and innovative individuals. Successful candidates must demonstrate through a combination of education, training, and experience the following requirements: _Requirements_ 1\. BARGAINING UNIT QUALIFICATION STANDARD 0334f (0334-0140) COMPUTER SYSTEMS ANALYST/PROGAMMER ASSOCIATEIT/ASC DOCUMENT DATE: March 13, 2008 FUNCTION: Work alone or as part of a team on small, moderately complex projects, assisting higher level analysts/programmers in the analysis, evaluation, development and maintenance of computer programs, systems, and procedures used to process data. DESCRIPTION OF WORK: See the Standard Position Descriptions for the Occupation Codes given above. REQUIREMENTS: This section is composed of Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities (KSAs) which are required to satisfactorily perform the tasks of the position. Applicants must demonstrate that they possess a sufficient level of each KSA, to include at least minimum competency for senior-qualified positions to enable them to perform these tasks satisfactorily. Applicants demonstrate these levels by describing examples of experience, education, or training, any of which may be non-postal. Ratings are based on the demonstration of the level of possession of each of the KSAs. Failure to demonstrate any KSA is disqualifying. 1\. Knowledge of application development, such as WEB, batch, and object- oriented. 2\. Knowledge of industry-standard software development life cycle processes. 3\. Ability to use relational database technology. 4\. Experience writing, editing and updating programs in support of software applications, using one or more programming languages such as JAVA, SQL, COBOL and/or Visual Basic. 5\. Experience testing, debugging and repairing programs sufficient to meet software specifications. 6\. Ability to solve problems using analytical skills. 7\. Ability to work without immediate supervision. 8\. Ability to work with others in a team environment. 9\. Ability to read and understand job-related materials such as instructions, specifications, references and manuals. 10\. Ability to communicate orally and in writing. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS 1\. Ability and professional experience programming in at least one of the following: a. JAVA, JAVA EE platform components, frameworks and specifications (such as EJB, JSP, JSF, Spring, Struts, JPA, Hibernate, MyBatis, JDBC) or JAVA Web Services. b. Oracle eBusiness Suite (such as Oracle Financials and PL/SQL.) PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Applicant must be physically able to perform efficiently the duties of the position. Qualified applicants must successfully pass a pre-employment drug screening to meet the U.S. Postal Service's requirement to be drug free. Applicants must also be a U.S. citizen or have permanent resident alien status. IMPORTANT INFORMATION: Applications must be submitted by 11:59 p.m., Central Time, of the posting's closing date. Applicants claiming veterans' preference must attach a copy of member copy 4 (only) of Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (DD Form 214) or other proof of eligibility if claiming 10-point veterans' preference. The United States Postal Service (USPS) is an equal opportunity employer. The USPS provides reasonable accommodation for any part of the application, interview, and/or selection process, please make your request to the examiner, selecting official or local manager of Human Resources. This request can also be made by someone on your behalf. Explain the nature of your limitations and the accommodation needed. The decision on granting reasonable accommodation will be on a case- by-case basis. SPECIAL NOTE: Current career Postal Service employees are ineligible to apply to this posting.