Job Description This role is for the Houston, TX area. We are looking for a Regional Chief Technologist for the oil and gas industry that will accelerate the adoption of advanced technologies in the oil and gas value chain. This is a commissioned based technical leadership sales position where you will leverage your knowledge and contacts in the industry to bridge the gap between the vast resources, R&D;, and technological advances from Intel and our partners into measurable business value for our clients. Shephard in the new era of the digital oilfield, the refinery of the future, and the intelligent enterprise as a leading evangelist and advisor to the largest oil and gas companies and emerging disruptors. Your responsibilities will include evangelizing and securing design wins for Intel technologies in primarily Artificial Intelligence and IoT deployments at focused Energy vertical accounts. You will lead the Energy team’s efforts to build and promote compelling and cohesive technical solutions based on Intel products/platforms and solutions from leading Artificial Intelligence or IoT solution partners and engage early in the end-user project or eco-system design cycle. You will be an integral part of the local Industry Sales Group, partnering with Account Executives (AEs), solution architects, principal engineers, business unit leaders, and eco system partners – supporting our customers in their adoption of disruptive technology, building thought leadership, and in so doing, driving scale across the industry. Building relationships with industry luminaries, key decision makers and being acknowledged as their technology advisor is essential to success with this role. The successful candidate will understand the oil and gas value chain, become articulate in our customer’s business models and technical obstacles, and demonstrate how these can be solved through the use of emergent and mature technologies from Intel and our partners. Other key aspects to this role: Survey the landscape of emerging business and technical trends in the oil and gas sector and influence Intel’s product and solution roadmap to better address these trends and enable differentiation. Recruit champions within our customer base to provide their insights and serve as early adopters. Lead the discovery process with the customer to ensure awareness of and early adoption of new technologies, platforms, and products encompassing a variety of solution areas (Intelligent Oilfield, Autonomous Drilling, Refinery of the Future, Visual Compute, Artificial Intelligence, IoT, workforce safety and productivity). Lead cross functional teams for deployment of Proof of Concepts or trial. Drive joint trainings on the latest technologies with our customers and the Technical Leads of our solution partners in order to drive scale and proliferate adoption of emergent technology. Serve as a trusted technical advisor to the greater oil and gas and artificial intelligence community. Create excitement about and demonstrate the value of new technologies through technical conferences and presentations (sometimes including to the press). Collaborate with technical academic, government, and partner audiences to address design challenges. Qualifications _Minimum Qualifications_ Bachelor's Degree in Data Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent technical knowledge. 5+ years of experience in Line of Business or IT/Innovation functions interfacing with IT/OT teams. Knowledge of the oil and gas value chain and experience selling or implementing artificial intelligence, business intelligence, or IoT solutions into this sector. _Additional Profile Characteristics Preferred_ Ability to describe complex technology solutions in business terms and demonstrate business value to customers. Entrepreneurial thinking and ability to envision next-generation approaches to business issues, working multiple angles to a solution, including partnerships, providers, and stakeholders. Technical competence in Energy solutions including knowledge of Geoscience and Subsurface Engineering, Production, Facilities Engineering, Operations and Maintenance and HSE applications, etc. Inside this Business Group Intel's Sales and Marketing (SMG) organization works with global customers and partners to solve critical business problems with Intel based technology solutions. SMG works across business units to amplify the customers voice and deliver solutions that accelerate their business. Our teams work across the entire sales cycle, pushing ingredient products to our "billings" customers while also pulling end solutions through to "consumption". We work across numerous industries, including retail, enterprise and government, cloud services and healthcare as examples. The operations team focuses on forecasting, driving alignment with factory production and delivering efficiency tools and our marketing capability drives demand and localized marketing in locations around the globe. Our sales force navigates a complex partner and customer ecosystem while shaping product roadmaps, driving value for our customers, and collaborating to harness emerging technology trends to deliver comprehensive solutions. Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.