Are you someone interested in leading a high performance educational technology team focused on building digital solutions and learning technology that significantly improve performance? Are you interested in transforming the way we learn today and in the future? Do you have an entrepreneurial spirit driving you to deeply understand your customer, to unlock the potential of your team, and to build on world-class brands like SIMnet™ and Connect™ to improve student outcomes? McGraw-Hill Education is looking for an experienced, team-oriented, strategic thinking Senior Research Specialist to lead our research and analysis efforts in Higher Education. The Senior Research Specialist employs various research methods to identify unmet customer needs, validate new products/services, and evaluate existing products/services within U.S. higher education markets. The Senior Research Specialist can synthesize research data to yield actionable insights that are communicated to project sponsors in a clear and compelling visual manner through diagrams, models, prototypes or wireframes. This person will be an expert in research & design and will provide training to U.S higher education teams as needed. Your contribution to the team: Acts as an expert in various research methods and provides continuous training and consultation to higher education products & markets teams. Plans and conducts primary user research to support product and service design. Analyzes and synthesizes data and can produce actionable insights. Communicates research findings in a visually compelling way. (i.e., infographics, data visualizations, wireframes, concept designs) Maintains a knowledge base and research repository for U.S. higher education. What you need to be successful: A Bachelor’s degree is required; a bachelor’s degree in a field focusing on human subject research is preferred, but not required. Demonstrated knowledge in research methods including contextual inquiry, customer ethnography, customer journey mapping, service design blueprints and other methods for documenting large scale and multi touch point customer experiences. Ability to clearly articulate complex design problems and solutions using strong communication and presentation skills. Excellent relationship management skills involving multidisciplinary teams. Organized self-starter that is highly productive, has a strong work ethic, is detail-oriented, is methodical and has a “Can do” attitude. Wireframing tools such as OmniGraffle and/or Visio Design Software such as Adobe Creative Suite Survey tools such as Qualtrics Qualitative and mixed method data analysis tools such as NVivo Low fidelity prototype design and development Why work for McGraw Hill Education? Click here to learn more! Other Locations North America-United States-Florida-Florida, Home