This posting is open continuously and is reviewed weekly. It is in the applicants best interested to apply as soon as possible. This position requires an analytical mind, and an in-depth knowledge of Data Modeling and Business Intelligence principles, techniques and experience utilizing industry standard tools to create and maintain data models, master data relationships and Business Intelligence solutions. If you have a reputation for being thorough and detailed in your approach to Data Modeling and Engineering, this position may be for you! Position Objective: The Data Modeler/Engineer reports directly to the Data Application Development Manager of the EDMA team within P1OS and performs data modeling functions for EDMA projects in collaboration with data analysts and developers, the EDMA data architect, and subject matter experts from divisions across HCA to support HCA's Enterprise Data Management initiative. Primary Responsibilities: Data Modeling Develop, document, and maintain conceptual, logical and physical data models. Generate physical Data Definition Language (DDL). Develop and maintain source-to-target mapping documentation. Provide technical consulting and advises teams and customers on the design of conceptual and logical data models resulting in an efficient and effective physical design for all internal and enterprise systems. Develop Business Intelligence and custom Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) solutions. Design, develop and document automated ETL/ELT data workflows and code for new data integrations and maintain/enhance existing workflows and code. Create ETL data landing and staging structures. Perform data cleansing, data conversion, import and export of data within and between internal and external software systems. Perform comprehensive testing. Perform troubleshooting of complex technical data and infrastructure issues for production and preproduction environments Engage in professional development and expand technical skillset to stay current with new technology. Required Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Business, Business Analysis/Intelligence, or closely related field. OR An Associate's degree OR equivalent two years of vocational training in a technical field AND three years of information technology experience such as analyzing, designing, installing, maintaining or programming computer software applications, data, hardware, or telecommunications, network infrastructure equipment providing business and systems analysis, project management, leading/supervising IT resources or providing customer or technical support in information technology. OR Five years of information technology experience such as analyzing, designing, installing, maintaining or programming computer software applications, data, hardware, or telecommunications, network infrastructure equipment providing business and systems analysis, project management, leading/supervising IT resources or providing customer or technical support in information technology. You must meet one of the qualifications above and the qualifications below to be considered. A minimum of two (2) years' experience working as a data modeler and/or business intelligence designer utilizing a set of frameworks, methods, and techniques to develop complex data models in support of business requirements. Proven experience in data modeling, designing and implementing database and reporting solutions with basic knowledge of data warehouse methodologies. A minimum of two (2) years' hands-on experience with database development for applications supporting reporting or analytics, preferably Data Warehousing Knowledge of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC). Proven experience in entity-relationship and/or dimensional modeling and relational database design with knowledge of dimensional modeling and data warehousing Experience may be gained concurrently About the HCA: The Washington State Health Care Authority purchases health care for more than 2 million Washington residents through Apple Health (Medicaid), the Public Employees Benefits Board (PEBB) Program, and, beginning in 2020, the School Employees Benefits Board (SEBB) Program. As the largest health care purchaser in the state, we lead the effort to transform health care, helping ensure Washington residents have access to better health and better care at a lower cost. Please Note the Following: This position is covered by the Washington Federation of State Employees (WFSE). How to Apply: Only candidates who reflect the minimum qualifications on their State application will be considered. Failure to follow the application instructions below may lead to disqualification. To apply for this position you will need to complete your profile and attach: A cover letter Current resume Three professional references If you have questions about the process, or need reasonable accommodation, please contact the recruiter before the posting closes. The candidate pool certified for this recruitment may be used to fill future similar vacancies for up to the next six months. _Washington State is an equal opportunity employer. Persons with disabilities needing assistance in the application process, or those needing this job announcement in an alternative format, may call the Human Resources Office at 360.725.1197, or email_ Wendy.Brand@hca.wa.gov __ _Prior to a new hire, a background check including criminal record history will be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment but will be considered in determining the applicant's Suitability and competence to perform in the position. _