Now Brewing in the Business Intelligence/Data Science team at the Starbucks Technology Center! As a Data Engineer II you will play a key role in the daily operations of the newly created Starbucks Technology Center (STC) located in Scottsdale, Arizona, near the Arizona State University campus. The STC embraces a culture of career growth, leveraging the partnership with ASU, and enables our partners the opportunity to deliver on and accelerate the Starbucks technology roadmap. As a Data Engineer II you will: Be responsible for the development, testing and support for data pipelines to enable continuous data processing for data exploration, data preparation and real-time business analytics. Be responsible for short and long-term project outcomes that may involve big data processing, machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, visualization, full stack development and UI/UX. Adopt and implement team coding standard that ensure the generation of key performance indicator (KPI) metrics. Provide insight into new technologies and identify new capabilities that support out business. Develop and maintain documentation relating to all assigned systems and projects. Model and act in accordance with Starbucks guiding principles. Leveraging your previous experience, we will enable you to: Work with the data engineering team to build and support non-interactive (batch, distributed) & real-time, highly available data, data pipeline and technology capabilities. Translate strategic requirements into business requirements to ensure solutions meet business needs. Identify improvements in team coding standards and help in implementation of the improvements. Develop and maintain documentation relating to all assigned systems and projects. Perform systems and applications performance characterization and trade-off studies through analysis and simulation. Perform root cause analysis to identify permanent resolutions to software or business process issues. We’d love to hear from people with: Ability to apply knowledge of data science (ML, AI, etc.), visualization, natural language processing, and multidisciplinary business principles and practices to achieve successful outcomes in cross-functional projects and activities. Effective communication and problem-solving skills. SQL is a must, with good knowledge of any of; Java, Python, Scala or Spark. Experience using public cloud (Azure, AWS) for data applications. Proficiency in debugging, troubleshooting, performance tuning and relevant tooling. Proven ability to productionalize big data implementations. Proficiency in CI/CD tools and DevOps practices. Proficiency in logging and monitoring tools, patterns & implementations. Working knowledge of data visualization tools such as D3.js, PowerBI and Tableau is a plus. Basic Qualifications Master’s degree in computer science, software engineering, or related discipline, or equivalent work experience. 3+ years of professional industry experience with data engineering. SQL is a must, with good knowledge of any of; Java, Python, Scala or Spark. Experience with Cloud technologies and processes (Azure preferred, AWS). Visualization experience - D3.js, Tableau and PowerBI preferred. Strong understanding of big data technologies. Cassandra, Kafka. Docker containerization, Kubernetes preferred. Let us give you the opportunity to be part of something bigger than yourself. It’s time for you to beapartner. Apply today! Starbucks and its brands are an equal opportunity employer of all qualified individuals, including minorities, women, veterans & individuals with disabilities. Starbucks will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with all federal, state, and local ordinances.