Are you passionate about delivering the next generation of user-facing scenarios to the tens of millions of people who use Windows every day? Do you love measuring, understanding, and reacting to real-world user data? Does the thought of diving deep into product health telemetry to root-cause a tricky issue fill you with excitement? We're looking for a data analyst to join our team to help build and deliver the Shell Experience for Windows ecosystem. Responsibilities Your responsibilities will include working closely with a variety of teams including program management, development, data science, and design to understand the key business and customer values for a range of highly visible customer-facing experiences. You'll leverage data from a range of robust data sources that will allow you to measure and understand user engagement, retention, and revenue / brand KPIs that define success. You'll examine the data to look for patterns and opportunities, then work with your feature team to experiment and iterate, furthering the value of the feature. Responsibilities will also include building effective queries for parsing complex incoming customer data/feedback to visualize the product health and customer satisfaction and leveraging collected data to influence feature development and continuously improve customer satisfaction over time. Qualifications Qualifications include: Statistical Analysis Related / Data Science / Mathematical / CS / Related area degree(s) 1 to 3+ years of data analysis (statistical analysis, regression models, prediction models) 1 to 3+ years of software development/testing/ data engineering experience Experience with SCOPE/COSMOS scripting or other data analysis technologies 1 to 3+ years of coding experience in C++/C is required Experience with any of the following is a plus: Applying machine learning models to a business or user value, resulting in measurable benefits. Building machine learning models from scratch, multi-layer multi-neuron models a bonus. Building Desktop and Mobile User Experiences Experience with modern engineering practices like Testing in Production, Monitoring, A/B, and Data Driven Engineering If this sounds like you, contact us now and we'd love to meet with you! Join us to move Windows forward! Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.