The Associate Machine Learning Scientist will bolster the modeling expertise and will help advance exciting, cutting-edge machine learning research projects in the Signal Processing and Machine Learning team at Cogito. The ideal candidate has a deep mathematical understanding of machine learning and has applied this to solving challenging problems as illustrated by their innovative Ph.D. work. This position is suited to a person who has recently completed (or is soon to complete) their Ph.D. and is excited about applying their skills to advancing the state-of-the-art in the analysis, scoring, summary and guidance of two-party conversations. In this position you will develop models on large and extremely unique datasets by applying deep learning techniques which are state-of-the-art in audio, speech and language processing. Responsibilities: Groundbreaking model architectural designs for analyzing, scoring, summarizing and guiding two party conversations in real-time Multi-purpose and efficient models developed within the deep learning paradigm that can scalably be adapted to include new recognition classes with relatively small amounts of additional data Well-crafted, maintainable, and performant machine learning code Clear, reproducible algorithm specifications Requirements: Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Math or Statistics Expert in modeling temporal and sequential data using recurrent neural networks (RNNs) and other deep learning approaches Strong communication skills Ability to work well with other scientists and engineers Skills: Expert knowledge of existing deep learning frameworks (e.g., Theano, TensorFlow) Scientific and numerical programming in Python (and ideally also in R) Strong bash/shell scripting Proficient working with UNIX operating systems Fluency with revision control, including distributed revision control and Git in particular Benefits: Your choice of comprehensive benefits for you and your family’s health, dental, vision, disability, and life insurance Bi-weekly catered lunch and live product demos 401(k) retirement plan options Ongoing professional development and cross-training Vacation time and 11 company holidays (yes, Patriot’s Day is a holiday) Company paid parental leave upon hire Competitive pay, stock options, and annual bonus eligibility Casual dress and fun office atmosphere Pre-tax commuter benefits Stocked groceries in the kitchen Office location in the heart of Boston with convenience to the MBTA lines Cogito is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status. Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Cogito Corporation (i.e. H1-B visa, F-1 visa/OPT, TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).