In addition to the responsibilities listed below, this position is responsible for planning, designing, and building database systems that are stable, recoverable, and integrated with other available technology stacks for the purpose of efficient, secure data utilization. This includes understanding the interoperability between databases and other dependent technology stacks (performance scalability, stability, capacity planning, etc.), possessing in- depth knowledge in one dependent technology stack (e.g. windows admin, networking, storage, etc.), negotiating with other engineering platform partners, and consulting as 2nd level technical expert on specific platforms. This role also requires familiarity with at least one other DBMS platform in addition to specialty and administrative skills in at least one other platform.Some of the unique challenges this position will face include database considerations for a large, corporate enterprise and a high degree of complexity and non-uniformity. Essential Responsibilities: Conducts or oversees business-specific projects by applying deep expertise in subject area; promoting adherence to all procedures and policies; developing work plans to meet business priorities and deadlines; determining and carrying out processes and methodologies; coordinating and delegating resources to accomplish organizational goals; partnering internally and externally to make effective business decisions; solving complex problems; escalating issues or risks, as appropriate; monitoring progress and results; recognizing and capitalizing on improvement opportunities; evaluating recommendations made; and influencing the completion of project tasks by others. Practices self-leadership and promotes learning in others by building relationships with cross-functional stakeholders; communicating information and providing advice to drive projects forward; influencing team members within assigned unit; listening and responding to, seeking, and addressing performance feedback; adapting to competing demands and new responsibilities; providing feedback to others, including upward feedback to leadership and mentoring junior team members; creating and executing plans to capitalize on strengths and improve opportunity areas; and adapting to and learning from change, difficulties, and feedback. As part of the IT Engineering job family, this position is responsible for leveraging DEVOPS, and both Waterfall and Agile practices, to design, develop, and deliver resilient, secure, multi-channel, high-volume, high-transaction, on/off-premise, cloud-based solutions. Provides consultation and expert technical advice on IT infrastructure planning, engineering, and architecture for assigned systems by assessing the implications of IT strategies on infrastructure capabilities. Provides some recommendations and input on options, risks, costs, and benefits for systems designs. Leverages partnerships with IT teams and key business partners to troubleshoot complex systems. Serves as a functional expert and collaborates with architects and software engineers to ensure functional specifications are converted into flexible, scalable, and maintainable system designs. Translates business requirements, and functional and non-functional requirements, into technical specifications that support integrated and sustainable designs for complex or high impact infrastructure systems by partnering with Business Analysts to understand business needs and functional specifications. Ensures system designs adhere to company architecture standards. Builds partnerships with counterparts in various IT Teams (e.g., database, operations, technical support) throughout system development and implementation. Serves as a technical expert for project teams throughout the implementation and maintenance of assigned enterprise infrastructure systems by defining and overseeing the documentation of detailed standards (e.g., guidelines, processes, procedures) for the introduction and maintenance of services. Mentors other technical resources throughout infrastructure systems development. Reviews and validates technical specifications and documentation for complex or multi-dimensional solutions. Leads the development and modification of solutions by identifying technical solutions to business problems. Collaborates with business leaders, Solutions, and lead enterprise architects to review business drivers, and establish a foundation for enterprise systems planning. Reviews benchmarking results, and provides information to support current and future infrastructure needs and projects to IT leadership. Provides preliminary conclusions. Benchmarks and evaluates IT trends and technologies to identify opportunities and considerations that impact ROI. Makes recommendations on resources required to maintain service levels and meet new demands. Guides and drives physical architecture design for new initiatives.