Application Database Administrator Position Number 994855 Requisition No. S00946 Salary Range/Pay Rate Salary commensurate with education and experience. Position Notes Compensation commensurate with education and experience. For more information on Oakland University’s salary structure and fringe benefits, please go to our website at http://www.oakland.edu/uhr/benefits Employee Group/Grade AP Band T Job Category Administrative-Professional Work Schedule FT/Reg (40 hours) Shift/Days This is a full-time position. First consideration given to those who applied by August 22, 2018. Pay Schedule Month Number of Hrs./Wk. 40 Position Information Position Information Minimum Qualifications Five years experience implementing and maintaining enterprise relationship planning (ERP) application environments. Experience troubleshooting and resolving complex production application database issues in an Oracle environment. In depth knowledge of enterprise application suites, application security, application upgrades, backup and recovery. Experience with tuning database queries and ability to lead review of performance and tuning considerations. Ability to create, install, and maintain database objects (tables, indexes, etc.). Ability to write and implement database procedures, functions, and triggers. Experience assisting developers with database activities and with solving complex client application issues. Experience with monitoring application related jobs and data replication activities, and demonstrated experience with automated monitoring and replication solutions. Experience coordinating work with other database administrators. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or closely related field or an equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Self-directed, team player. Ability to contribute to group projects and work collaboratively as a member of a strong technical team. Strong problem-solving skills. Flexibility in work schedule; willingness to occasionally adjust work hours for the maintenance window is required: on Wednesdays between midnight and 8 A.M.; Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays 3 times a year between semesters; fiscal year end June 30 and July 1; and a few limited weekends as determined. Position is the technical lead on call for ERP issues. Ability to travel for education, professional development, or conferences. Excellent problem-solving, organizational, and analytical skills. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Work sample should include a written document of anything related to this line of work. Desired Qualifications Two years experience in a higher education environment. Experience administering Ellucian Banner. Experience using and managing Linux or Unix operating systems. Advanced experience in SQL query and relational table logic. Experience configuring and managing Tomcat and/or Oracle WebLogic. All Qualifications Unless otherwise required by an applicable collective bargaining agreement, all minimum, additional and desired qualifications are preferred, but qualifications, degrees, and/or experience deemed comparable and/or equivalent by Oakland University in its sole and exclusive discretion may be considered. Additional Qualifications Position Purpose As a critical technical leader on the Enterprise Applications team, you’ll provide technical leadership for mission-critical ERP projects that are used in all areas of university operations. The incumbent actively handles enterprise database systems through installation and maintenance of the Ellucian Banner vendor application suite, operating in an Oracle database management software environment. Provide technical leadership and hands-on maintenance for the enterprise management environment. Critical to success is the ability to identify, research, plan, manage, perform, and install vendor application upgrades and patches for the ERP, and to solve technical issues related to the environment.