We are searching for an outstanding, self-motivated junior web developer to be responsible for developing innovative, reusable Web-based tools on a LAMP stack in WordPress, javascript and jQuery. The Junior Web Developer will apply their expertise in web programming and writing clean, efficient and semantic code. They will provide technical solutions for engaging digital campaigns and streamline production tasks, such as managing and publishing digital content. The Junior Web Developer will also assist in the production and maintenance of web pages, email campaigns and web applications, and act as the technical lead for a variety of marketing projects that take place throughout the school year. This is a full-time, year round, benefited position. Working Monday – Friday, 9:00am – 6:00pm (or agreed upon schedule with Director). Start Date: ASAP To learn more about Harker, please visit our website at http://www.harker.org What we are looking for Bachelor’s degree or 1-4 years of relevant education. Experience with web tooling and automation (e.g. Git, Grunt, Gulp, NPM, Bower, etc.) At least 2 years of relevant experience building websites and/or web applications. Proficient with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and a server-side language such as PHP, Python or Ruby. Working knowledge of WordPress theme and/or plugin development. Your LinkedIn Profile URL and an online portfolio of your work Essential Duties and Responsibilities WEB DEVELOPMENT/PROGRAMMING Create user interfaces from provided design concepts using HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Install, configure, troubleshoot and maintain WordPress installations. Build custom plugins and themes as needed. Integrate open-source plugins, libraries and tools into projects. Apply the latest web development trends and standards to create web pages, emails and web applications that are widely accessible, user-friendly, secure and easily maintainable. Identify development problems and offer solutions within a team setting. Provide technical solutions that streamline and/or automate production tasks when possible. Participate in the full lifecycle of a website, from the initial planning stages to launch and maintenance. Openly communicate regular status changes during projects. GENERAL CONTENT MANAGEMENT Gather, produce, proof and publish web content through The Harker School marketing channels (emails, web) on a daily basis. Perform routine site maintenance and updates, as needed. Use, collect and analyze data provided by web analytics software (Google Analytics, CrazyEgg, Optimizely, etc.) _All personnel in Harker’s Office of Communication must have the following:_ Possess excellent written and verbal communication skills. Work well under pressure in a deadline-sensitive, multi-task environment. Possess the time-management and organizational skills necessary to meet deadlines, manage own workflow, and maintain an orderly workspace. Contribute to a productive, supportive, positive and dynamic work environment in the department. Be professional in dress and demeanor to best represent the school. Have the desire to work with and around exceptional students and faculty in a stimulating academic environment, for a school with a growing national reputation. Possess a strong work ethic. Exercise discretion and prudent judgment in the handling of confidential or sensitive information. _Understand and enthusiastically support the mission of the school and the department._ _Know, understand and follow all school policies._ _Know and understand the key role that the Office of Communication plays in keeping parents, students, staff, prospective families and the general community informed about The Harker School and its activities and programs._ Knowledge, Skill & Ability Requirements Ability to communicate in effective English with staff, outside firms, etc. in person and by telephone. Ability to sit for extended period of times; able to reach overhead, above the shoulders and horizontally, bending at the waist and kneeling or crouching to retrieve files from cabinets and shelves. Ability to hear individuals, groups, telephone and intercom communications, public address announcements, emergency signals, etc. Possess valid California driver’s license and working automobile. Ability to move around and between three campuses and other job sites. Ability to work evenings and weekends, when needed. Working Conditions Ability to see and read computer screen and various documents related to assigned activities. Must have sufficient manual dexterity to be able to operate all office equipment including but not limited to computers, fax machines, copy machines, modems and telephones. Able to lift up to 20 pounds occasionally and up to 10 often. Our Mission: Our mission is to educate students for success at college and beyond, and to foster kindness, respect and integrity within a safe and nurturing environment. We achieve academic excellence through the development of intellectual curiosity, personal accountability and love of learning. Our comprehensive program and exceptional faculty and staff help students discover, develop and enjoy their unique talents. We honor individuality, embrace diversity, and promote leadership and service, preparing students to take their place as global citizens.