Senior UX Researcher – Farmington Hills, MI Our team achieves more. So can you. We value autonomy and responsibility. Our ambition is to craft future of navigation experience and make autonomous driving a reality. We expect of every team member to be inspiration to others, determinant to excellence and obsessed with end-users. Our goal is to create delightful and polished products that are simple to use. We base our design decisions on user’s needs and emotions, business goals and technology. Sound interesting so far? As the Senior User Researcher, you will be responsible for driving the UX research for automotive clients, predominantly in the US. You are passionate about designing and executing user research and usability testing, sharing findings and recommendations and contributing to future car solutions. You naturally put user needs first, while taking automotive client’s requirements into account. You can present and share your work in a compelling and convincing way in front of key stakeholders. You have a strong will to create easy to use, delightful products. You love iterating UX designs together with designers to find the best possible user experience. You feel comfortable collaborating in and coordinating large international research projects. We expect you to manage multiple projects if needed and mentor less experienced researchers. You’re proactive, a great team player and above all you love your work. Additional Responsibilities will include: Take responsibility for the UX Research chapter in the US, while working closely with the UX Research team based in the Netherlands, as one team. Work closely together with automotive client teams and TomTom’s team of Interaction Designers, Visual Designers, Development, Information Architects and Product Management to invent, improve and implement Interaction Models, Information Architectures, and User Interfaces. Think holistically about the end-to-end TomTom experience. Design, plan and execute research and usability testing for new products and prototypes. Collect analytics, perform statistics, interpret and categorize user input and summarize the results. Guide preparation of user test materials, such as prototypes. Proactively identify areas that need to be explored and drive the agenda. Distill new insights from the user research and come up with practical improvements. Perform (usability) reviews of product concepts and do literature research. Think holistically about the end-to-end TomTom experience, not only for PND. Assist in developing designs from concept to final release. Contribute to UX design solutions with a high level of attention to detail (Wireframes, Information Architecture, Transitions). Refine the designs based on user tests and development input. Work closely together with Visual Designers, User Researchers, Information Architects, Technical Writers and Engineers to invent, improve and implement Interaction Models, Information Architectures, and User Interfaces. Organize and participate in concept development and design ideation. What do we expect from you? To be successful as a Senior UX Researcher, this is the kind of profile we have in mind: 3+ years of industry experience in user research. An advanced degree in Human-Computer Interaction, Human Factors, Cognitive Psychology, Ethnography, Industrial Design or related discipline. A deep understanding of user experience challenges of mobile devices, web and computer software in general. Experience with hardware design evaluation, navigation and map software is a plus. In-depth experience with the whole package of qualitative and quantitative user research methods such as usability testing, user observation and questionnaires.... A good understanding of statistics and analytics An interest in exploring the possibilities of big data. Engaged in or recently completed formal education in interaction design or related field . Well versed in all the tools and techniques of your trade and are prepared to explore new tools to communicate your creative vision. Possess an understanding of Information Architecture and User-Centered Design Methodology. Strong conceptual skills. Relentless attention to consistency and detail. Self-motivated and dedicated to excellence. Persuasive communication skills. Creative problem solver, team player, self-motivated and dedicated to excellence. A passion for technology and gadgets in general. Experience with standard graphic design applications such Omnigraffle, Visio, Axure, Adobe Creative Suite or similar tools. Experience with After Effects, Flash and 3D applications is a plus. Fluency in English. Minimum of 3 months full-time commitment at our office in the center of Amsterdam. Visible as a User Experience advocate, both inside and outside TomTom (e.g. in UX community). Solid time-management and prioritization skills with the ability to run simultaneous projects. Fluency in English. What do we offer? The chance to work in a fast moving, innovative and international environment where team work and creative ideas are nurtured. The opportunity to work with passionate colleagues from different countries. Compensation includes a generous base salary plus bonus, 15 PTO days, 12 company holidays and 3 additional days to perform community service annually. Our benefits package includes medical, dental, vision, disability, life and 401(k). Who are we? TomTom empowers movement. Every day millions of people around the world depend on TomTom to make smarter decisions. We design and develop innovative products that make it easy for people to keep moving towards their goals. Our map-based components include map content, online map-based services, real-time traffic, and navigation software. Our consumer products include PNDs, navigation apps, and GPS sports watches. Our main business products are custom in-dash navigation systems and a fleet management system, which is offered to fleet owners as an online service with integrated in-vehicle cellular devices. Our business consists of four customer facing business units: Consumer, Automotive, Licensing and Business Solutions. Founded in 1991 and headquartered in Amsterdam, we have 4,500 employees worldwide and sell our products in over 35 countries. For further information, please visit www.tomtom.com. Interested? If you would like to be part of this winning international team and help TomTom further position ourselves as the authority in location and navigation solutions, please apply at: www.tomtom.com/careers. We kindly ask you to complete the form and attachments in English. Pre-employment screening is part of the selection process. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled