Overview Pariveda Solutions is growing in Seattle. We are seeking a Vice President to join the Management Team. In this role, you can expect to integrate information technology into the fabric of businesses across the breadth and depth of their value chains. We call this the Business of IT®. As a member of the Management Team, you will architect and deliver enterprise solutions, initiate, build and sustain relationships with clients and prospects, and develop and mentor junior team members. We Look For: You will report to the Seattle Office Managing Vice President. The successful candidate possesses the following critical qualifications: 10+ years of experience leading information technology consulting services including the development of strategies, implementing and integrating software, and managing complex projects Demonstrated ability to: Initiate and manage a solution based sales cycle Plan and manage complex client engagements involving multiple teams Manage vendor relationships Demonstrated project management experience – project planning, execution, issue/risk management and resource management/allocation Mastery of all phases of the software development life cycle Strong business acumen across a variety of industries and business functions Involvement in local professional networking and civic/community activities Strong local network of IT and business executives and business acumen across a variety of industries and business functions Recognized as valued trusted advisor in relationships with clients, colleagues, vendors, and other industry professionals Passionate and successful in mentoring others and developing their careers You Can Expect To: As a member of the Seattle Management Team you will play an integral role in building our office. The successful candidate will drive sales and delivery while mentoring and growing a strong team of leaders. Lead sales efforts and develop proposals for the local and national market Network and develop relationships with new clients Lead the delivery and management of client projects Lead one or more internal areas to grow our company and to coach, mentor, and grow other employees Mentor junior colleagues by providing career development goals, meeting regularly, writing and deliver semi-annual reviews, and advocating for their career advancement Actively represent our culture by leading and participating in efforts around continuous learning, personal and professional development, community service and team building Recruit top talent at the experienced level and from outstanding colleges Diagnose complex technical and business problems and work to uncover unknown and unmet client needs Support company growth by building and maintaining a strong professional network as well as contributing to the recruitment of new employees Pariveda Benefits Competitive Salary Exceptional 401k – 3% company match with additional 1% if annual plan is achieved Unlimited PTO Paid sabbatical after 5 years of service for Principal levels and above Paid parental leave Company Ownership through Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) from your very first day at Pariveda Excellent Healthcare and Wellness 100% company paid premiums for you and your family (medical, dental, vision) Life Insurance Short Term and Long Term Disability In 2003, we asked one simple question. Can a technology consulting firm be successful by focusing first on growing the individual to their fullest potential? We believed that through an unwavering commitment to developing people we could create a different kind of company. We created Pariveda. It is through this belief in helping the individual, counter to industry norms, we have grown revenue each and every year since 2003. We are passionate about creating interesting solutions to the unknown/unmet needs of our clients and to grow, both our people and our clients, through those experiences. We believe in the efficiency of small teams working together to solve complex problems leveraging strategy and technology. We believe in growing deep relationships with our people, our clients and others in our networks. Trusted relationships are integral to everything we do - from relationships with the people with whom we work, the people we partner with at our clients, or the people we interact with in our communities. We believe trusted relationships are built through challenging and exhilarating experiences that make a difference to clients and communities. You will discover people here are passionate about their work. You will discover our openness in developing you and growing as our expectations are openly communicated to you and provide opportunities for you to evidence your readiness to move to the next level. And together we seek to be difference-makers in our industry and the communities where we live by always learning, coaching more, and giving back. We serve clients ranging from Fortune 100 to Global 2000 to startup companies that span multiple industries. We provide company ownership through our Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) from your very first day of work with us. Our people live and work in local communities within the thriving cities of Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles, New York, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington DC. If you are inspired by our mission and our beliefs and want to join us in developing yourself and others as a Vice President and member of our Management Team in our Seattle office, apply today. _The Business of IT® is a registered trademark of Pariveda Solutions, Inc. describing where IT departments need to act more like the businesses they serve given the ubiquitous integration of information technology into the world of business._ _LI-JA1_