Multicultural Statement _At DePaul University, we are looking for candidates who want to join us in our mission to provide access to education for all. Successful candidates welcome ideas and perspectives from colleagues and students representing a wide variety of cultures, backgrounds, religious beliefs, and experiences. We seek collaborative, open-minded and hard working professionals to work in a real world urban learning environment. Are you exceptional, yet modest and open to challenges? We seek achievers and leaders that want to bring their passion and skills to our well-respected community of approachable colleagues. Build your career with us._ General Summary Under general supervision, support, monitor, and document enterprise-wide end user computing environments. Maintain basic operational knowledge of supported technologies and actively contribute to team goals. The Infrastructure Operations team is responsible for the following enterprise-wide services: directory services, messaging, network file and print services, identity management, software distribution and desktop design and management. Responsibilities & Duties With some oversight from senior staff, implement, configure, upgrade, patch, troubleshoot and resolve problems with supported services. Perform basic to moderately complex system administration tasks across supported technology areas. Additional responsibilities include monitoring system performance and maintaining service documentation. Process change requests and provide basic Tier III end user support. Create documentation for lower support tiers, user communities, and other technology professionals as needed. Assist senior level staff members with advanced maintenance and troubleshooting activities. Works on projects as assigned and seeks continuous service improvement. Perform other duties as assigned. Education & Experience Bachelor’s degree in a technology field. 1 year of application/system administration experience or equivalent. Preferred Requirements Microsoft certification (MTA/MCSA). Other Skills & Abilities Reqd Basic working knowledge of Active directory, Windows server operating systems, Windows and Macintosh desktop operating systems, scripting, and automation. Demonstrated ability to perform basic system administration functions. Must be able to troubleshoot basic to moderately complex technical problems spanning a variety of technical disciplines. Must be able to research issues and learn independently. Maintain an awareness of relevant new technologies and the ability to retain information. Utilize basic working knowledge of a variety of technology disciplines and components, including, but not limited to: data networking, firewalls, load balancers, storage subsystems, and software development. Possess satisfactory verbal and written communication skills and be able to explain basic to moderately complex technical problems or functions in a non-technical fashion. Develop and maintain professional relationships with customers, co-workers, peers, and vendors. Effectively work individually and as part of a team. Demonstrate strong morale and spirit while focusing on the success of the team. Use creativity, positivity, and unique personal attributes to contribute to a climate which motivates people to do their best work Possess attention to detail and satisfactory organizational skills with the ability to multi-task amongst multiple responsibilities, projects, and clients in a fast paced environment. Maintain a customer focused attitude dedicated to meeting the expectations and requirements of internal and external customers. Other Attachments You may upload other attachments (Transcripts, Portfolios, Writing samples) in the “My Activities” tab of your profile. Additional Information Required to be on call 24/7 on a rotating schedule. Occasionally requires off hours work, including nights and weekends.