About Opcity: Opcity helps real estate brokers, lenders and settlement service providers serve online customers. The number of home buyers/sellers who start their process online is growing much faster than the industry as a whole. Opcity makes the real estate experience better by instantly and seamlessly matching consumers to the best agent for them, and facilitates the buying and selling process by connecting and coordinating the vital services within the home buying/selling ecosystem. Through its proprietary matching algorithm and SMS/Mobile live-transfer distribution platform, Opcity is able to instantly connect the best agent with the highest probability of conversion to the right consumer at the right time. Opcity’s matching model is based on eighteen (18) years of agent historical performance, predictive analytics, and a learning model of iterative improvement. Opcity’s network of providers, technology platform, and toolkit allow Opcity to be the primary concierge for the consumer during the home buying/selling experience. Duties & Responsibilities: Support all areas of the business with analysis and reporting Drive insights through rigorous analytics on business performance and cohesive, well laid out presentation of the data and recommendations Create dashboards with KPIs for a variety of stakeholders Drive organizational change through a period of high growth, building the systems and infrastructure to support that growth What we like to see: Two to four years as an Data Analyst, preferably in a fast-paced environment MUST have Excellent proficiency in Excel, SQL, and Tableau Experience using tableau or similar data visualization tool Highly analytical with proven, great communication skills We are looking for an experienced analyst who can define and own analyses, driving to answers that consider the full context of the business and communicate their analysis and findings to all levels of the organization. What We Offer: Working with a highly-motivated team with a proven track record of success that also has a lot of FUN! Casual work environment, rewards and recognition and fun events Competitive pay plus equity/stock in a fast-growing startup Medical, Vision, Dental, Disability and Life Insurance plus Flexible and Dependent Care Spending Accounts Investment in growing your career and providing you opportunity to have an immediate and massive impact in a growing company with a revolutionary business model No relocation is provided for this vacancy, local candidates preferred. Must be eligible to work in the U.S. for any employer. The position requires prolonged standing or sitting and repetitive hand and wrist motion. Operates phones, computers, fax machines, copiers, and other office equipment.