You will be a member of the Datacenter and Lab Operations team that provide service and support to VMware’s R&D Engineering department. The team is responsible for deploying, configuring and handling the R&D equipment within the local labs. The Data Center Engineer will possess extensive technical knowledge, interpersonal and good communication skills to ensure projects and tasks are completed on time and meeting customer expectations. We’re looking for an organized, detail-oriented, and results-driven individual who enjoys working in afast-pacedenvironment. Note on hours for the role -3pm-12am(Monday -Friday) Responsibilities: You're responsible for maintaining the Infrastructure that services R &D. This includes day-to-day operation of VMware's data center facility, including, but not limited to: Facilitate the deployment and configuration of engineering equipment. Prioritizing requests to deploy servers, storageandnetwork devices to meet business deadlines Design, support and maintain engineering test environments. Troubleshooting of Servers, Storage and Network Hardware, Software, and Configuration of all components Participate in the development and documentation of standard methodologies. Cable management within the racks Understand how to balance power across 3-phase PDU's Inventory management for servers, componentsandcables for operational consistency Track and trend operational characteristics within the data center environments Track and communicate progress of assignments and projects using web-based tools Prepare & present weekly status reports of assignments/projects at weekly staff meetings Install/remove/relocate distributed systems, to include: servers, storage, and SAN hardware in the VMware's data centers Install/remove/relocate patch cables for systems and storage hardware Managing the floor, cabinet space, cooling, power, network port, and all consumable capacities (cables, rail kits, etc) Ensure compliance with data center standards, policies, and processes via the defined change control process Train/mentor junior level tech staff in various technical areas, systems, network and storage Requirements: Minimum 4-year degree in Engineering or Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience. Solid understanding of iSCSI, FC, NFS, FCoE storage protocols and provisioning across multiple systems 3+ years of Linux server administration. 2+ years of Windows server administration. Deep understanding of VMware ESXi troubleshooting General toadvancedworking knowledge of automation, network principles and tools Strong working knowledge of server hardware (rack and blade form factors). Previous responsibilities in a complex, enterprise data center environment. Specifically, 4+ years’ experience with implementation, maintenance, and analysis of servers, storage, and network Good understanding of the electrical and mechanical systems used in a data center environment,including:Generators, UPS systems, ATS units, PDU/PMM units, and CRAC units Ability to communicate intelligently and effectively with contractors and vendors who perform maintenance or upgrade work on these systems Ability to learn quickly and address issues as they arise during normal working hours, or when on call Proven documentation and communication skills Self-motivated, able to work independently, and in a team environment Ability to work on multiple projects with various groups including Systems Engineers, Storage Engineers, Networking, and Design & Architecture, etc. Ability to interpret and translate Customers Requests into action items The position has a physical component requiring the ability to lift up to 50 lbs. And may require working in cramped spaces, or elevated locations Travel 10% oftimeto support other locations if needed