Are you a detail-oriented, inquisitive individual who enjoys coming up with innovative solutions? At Deloitte, we provide audit services using an approach designed to provide the flexibility to serve the unique circumstances and complexities of our clients. As an Audit Senior, you'll design and execute audit procedures based on the client’s business, the risks it faces, and its internal control processes. At Deloitte, you’ll gain exposure to a variety of industries and business models, helping your career growth and professional development. Work you’ll do As an Audit Senior, you will interact with clients directly to discuss field audit issues. Not only will you work independently, but you’ll also collaborate with a diverse group of talented audit professionals. You’ll use our cutting-edge audit tools and technology. Other responsibilities will include: supervising field audit arrangements and assigned staff working on the design of the approach to audits performing audit procedures related to clients’ financial statements leveraging artificial intelligence, advanced analytics, data visualizations process flow automation to perform data interrogation and analysis of client data The team Our team culture is collaborative and encourages team members to take initiative and seek on-the-job learning opportunities. Our audit professionals are committed to excellence and to enhancing the trust of the investing public and capital markets. Quality is our top priority, and by focusing on innovation, we continue to raise the bar on quality and deliver greater value to our clients. Learn more about Deloitte Audit. Qualifications Required 3+ years of public accounting or equivalent experience Bachelor’s degree in accounting or related field Certified Public Accountant (CPA) certification Effective interpersonal and communication skills Proven leadership skills demonstrating strong judgment, problem-solving, and decision-making abilities Experience working in a fast-paced, team environment Experience working independently on multiple assignments or engagements Up to 100% travel Preferred Advanced degree in accounting or related field Experience with a regional or Big 4 accounting firm How you’ll grow At Deloitte, we believe in professional development and helping our people grow. We offer learning opportunities to help you sharpen your skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. We support the development of leadership and technical skills through leading- edge learning development solutions such as our Welcome to Deloitte on- boarding program, career milestone learning programs, and Audit technical training. Deloitte University, our 107-acre, $300M center, demonstrates our commitment to development by delivering an interactive, immersive learning environment that offers a physical campus in a virtual world. Welcoming more than 50,000 learners annually from 81 countries, we're considered one of the leading private companies for growing leadership skills. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. We also suggest that you brush up on your behavioral and case interviewing skills and practice discussing your experience and job history with a family member, friend, or mentor. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. As used in this document, “Deloitte” means Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.