The State University of New York (SUNY), System Administration, seeks applications for an Entry-level Network Analyst in an established business system operation within the Network Planning and Operations team of the Office of Information Technology (OIT). This position resides at the SUNY System Administration central offices in downtown Albany, NY. The network analyst will report to the Manager of Network Planning & Operations, providing local technical support for the network infrastructure within the State University Plaza and local Albany offices in addition to remote technical support for offices located within Syracuse, New York City and others. _Responsibilities:_ As a network analyst, a successful candidate will supplement an existing team of analysts in planning, designing, troubleshooting and managing local and wide area networks for the State University of New York’s System Administration offices. Additionally, they will provide network design consultation and implementation for wide area networks to support _SUNYNet_ , a service that establishes secure wide area networking between SUNY campuses and datacenters throughout New York State. The position focuses on several key technologies and services: Cisco Systems’ Catalyst, ASR, ASA, and Firepower devices Extreme Networks’ wireless infrastructure, network access control (NAC) and NetSight Palo Alto Networks’ Next-Generation Firewall series Public Domain Name System (DNS) services Solarwinds’ Orion platform including NPM, SAM, NTA A successful candidate should anticipate hands-on experience with all of the above technologies and more. Over time, the candidate will be exposed to business processes, project leadership, and service management. As the position is entry-level, candidates should anticipate progressive and extensive on-the-job training. _Required Qualifications:_ A bachelor’s degree from an accredited higher education institution, preferably in an IT field Familiarity with key networking technologies including routers, switches and firewalls Familiarity with Microsoft Windows operating systems and Microsoft Office software Excellent oral, written, and interpersonal communication skills, including the ability to explain technical concepts in non-technical terms Willingness to learn and adopt new technologies needed to support and maintain the University’s business objectives Ability to lift up to 50 pounds _Preferred Qualifications:_ Familiarity with DNS, Active Directory and networking in a Windows environment Familiarity with ITIL best practices or similar IT service management processes Previous experience in an office IT environment including internships or other work _Salary:_ $40,000-$45,000 annually. Excellent fringe benefits. Interested candidates are invited to apply online. The Search Committee will begin reviewing applications immediately and continue until the position is filled.