Mission FP &A; ANALYST Who We Are Founded and continuously led by inventor and entrepreneur Tony Aquila, Solera is a global leader in digital technologies that connect and secure life's most important assets: our cars, homes and identities. Since its inception in 2005 as a garage-based startup, Solera has grown aggressively with over 50 acquisitions across its platforms. The company's current product solutions include Audatex, Autodata, AutoPoint, CAP/HPI, Colimbra, Digidentity, Enservio, Explore Data, Hollander, Identifix, Inpart, LYNX and TitleTec, as well as the company's flagship Digital Garage application. Today, Solera processes over 300 million transactions annually for approximately 235,000 partners and customers in over 80 countries. Unified by a strong culture that values uncommon entrepreneurial thinking and continuous "do-it-different" innovation, Solera's global workforce of 6,700+ associates come from diverse forward-thinking industries that include automotive technology, artificial intelligence, software development, data sciences, cybersecurity, cognitive design, and digital identity protection. For more information, please visit solera.com. The Solera Way Solera’s uncommon culture is based on three simple principles: 80/20 (Focus), 30/30 (Efficiency), and 90/10 (accountability). Our mindset is also defined by the 3H’s: Humility, a Hunger to succeed, and a desire to Hunt for opportunities to win. Underscored by our fundamental belief in continuous change and innovation, the Solera Way has allowed us to become a global technology leader that is constantly growing in the double digits. Are You Uncommon? We’re on the hunt for an experienced FP &A; Analyst who ranks in the top quartile among their peers. Someone who has a highly competitive and entrepreneurial mindset that is wired with a team-first attitude, has no problem rolling up their sleeves to execute their missions, and can modulate between leading and following as needed. Position 80s What You’ll Be At Solera, we believe in providing clarity and focus to what our volunteers are responsible for – their mission. The 80’s, as we call them at Solera, are the employee’s priorities associated with their role or mission. The mission 80’s for this role, are: Consolidate P &L; forecasts and results for multiple businesses across the United States Provide information to management by assembling and summarizing data, preparing reports, building presentations of findings and analysis, and communicating recommendations. Build analytical models that utilize both financial and non-financial data to forecast operating results. Additional responsibilities of the role include: Coordinate consolidating and loading budgets and forecasts for multiple businesses into AX Prepare and review financial variances between Actual/Budget/Forecast financial and operational results Conduct comparable analysis as necessary in support of key business metrics and objectives Prepare commission files and submit for payroll Maintain financial models and reports relating to sales productivity, revenue, and operational activities Qualifications Are You Qualified? Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance required Minimum five years of financial analysis experience required FP&A;, modeling, businesses analysis, forecasting, and budgeting experience required Strong MS Excel skills (Pivot Tables, Data Analysis, What-If Analysis, PowerQuery, PowerPivot) Strong MS PowerPoint skills (Data links, corporate templates, images, business writing) Understanding of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles Understanding of data analysis and BI reporting Organization and prioritization skills and attention to details Ability to work in a challenging, fast-paced environment, often on multiple projects with limited timelines Excellent written and verbal communication skills Independent worker, analytical thinker, ability to conduct research and analysis and solve complex problems Quick learner, particularly in ability to learn new software programs Ability to practice discretion while working on highly confidential projects Experience using ERP, Salesforce, and financial performance management systems preferred. Our Space We believe that offices should be destinations where people want to be… places where people want to work, play and, collaborate. That is why we spend a lot of time on enhancing our workspaces. Solera’s work environments are intersections of the old and the new… of the past, present, and future. They are spaces designed to stimulate creative thinking, innovation, and cross- functional collaboration. We also embrace wellness. Whether it is our onsite or offsite workout centers, nutritional meals and beverages, or endless snacks for focus and energy. This wellness plan is our commitment to healthy living, which spans across our office environments.