We are seeking part-time or full-time research analyst interns (20+ hours per week) with professional Russian reading proficiency for a minimum three-month tenure in our Los Angeles office. The interns will conduct groundbreaking open-source research on a variety of foreign affairs and national security issues. This opportunity is an immediate opening and will be available on an ongoing basis until positions are filled. Requirements: The successful candidate will be intelligent, accomplished, and energetic as demonstrated by his or her academic and professional credentials. The internship position requires creative and proactive critical thinking skills, an insatiable appetite for foreign affairs and international policy, experience finding and researching online and offline information resources, strong written and oral communication skills, and an ability to manage priorities in meeting deadlines. Candidates must have professional reading proficiency in Russian that will enable them to effectively conduct open-source research in Russian. Individuals with additional experience in business intelligence research, conflict and illicit finance analysis, banking sector risk management and compliance, and other national security-related matters may wish to apply. Submissions: Interested candidates should submit a resume, cover letter, and research-based writing sample between 3 and 10 pages. About Us: The Camstoll Group is a tight-knit, fast-growing sanctions and illicit finance research and advisory firm with decades of combined government and private sector experience combating the world's most complex national security and financial crime challenges. Utilizing proprietary open-source research methods, network analysis, and data analytics, we generate insights into today's most complex policy, regulatory, and competitive challenges. In particular, we are experts in assessing and analyzing markets impacted by regulatory risk, sanctioned actors, political upheaval, violent conflict, and corruption. Our clients are financial institutions, multinational corporations, law firms, and governments.