ABOUT US Bright Health is delivering a smarter, more connected healthcare experience. Our affordable health insurance plans and exclusive partnerships with leading health systems are reshaping how people and physicians achieve better health. Today, Bright Health provides health insurance to individuals in Colorado, Arizona, and Alabama in both the Individual and Medicare Advantage space. Come join our mission: Making Healthcare Right. Together! YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES Bright Health’s Enterprise Data Warehouse Team is working to build a comprehensive, sustainable, scalable Enterprise Data Warehouse that can accelerate a data-driven approach. We are looking for a technical leader to provide guidance, mentorship, and day-to-day technical expertise to our growing team. Note that this is a very hands-on role, with heavy work in ETL and SQL development. Core objectives include: 1\. Lead the design, architecture, documentation, development, deployment and support of Data Warehouse, Data Marts and ETL Solutions 2\. Provide architecture and design guidance to the developers; Drive resolution for technical issues and provide alternate solutions 3\. Full life cycle experience (requirements gathering through production deployment) in all aspects of DW (ETL, data modeling, Data cleansing, SQL Database) 4\. Seek out and apply new technologies and skills for ETL improvement in daily work through conferences, online training, reading, participation in organizations and user groups, etc. 5\. Translate business needs into technical and system design specifications REQUIREMENTS 10+ years of IT experience with five years in the Managerial role. You have 3+ years of experience working across healthcare data in technical capacities. Specifically, you have strong knowledge of claims data, prior authorization data, and provider-side data. 5+ years of experience in advanced Microsoft SQL Server. 5+ years of experience with ETL tools in a Data Warehouse environment. Proficiency with ETL tools such as SSIS. 2+ years of strong experience with AWS data services Lambda, Glue, EMR, Kinesis, Step Functions, Data Pipeline, Aurora, DynamoDB, Red Shift Understanding of Star schema database modeling. (OLTP & OLAP experience) Experience evaluating existing data warehouse implementation, architectures and processes Experience in Data Warehouse integration methodology; In-depth knowledge of developing and supporting data warehouses. Experience working directly with business analysts or business sponsors clarifying business details. Minimum 1 year of experience in building Visualization / Analytics using Tableau (both extracted and live connected data sources) ATTRIBUTES Leadership by example Orientates around results by taking strategic company initiatives and translating them to implementable processes that drive outcomes. Capable of developing agenda, setting objectives, and driving clarity of purpose with the intention of delivering results Is comfortable working in a young, growing EDW environment, where processes and systems are still being defined We've won some fun awards like: Great Places to Work, Modern Healthcare, Forbes, etc. But more than anything, we're a group of people who are really dedicated to our mission in healthcare. Come join our growing team!