Job Description General Dynamics Information Technology (GDIT), a leading provider of systems engineering, integration, IT service operations and support solutions, is seeking talented professionals to deliver valuable services and solutions to our customers. GDIT has a great team consisting of experienced and knowledgeable managers who lead and support the career development objectives of our employees. Our employees consider the company to be a solid partner in their career, with an abundance of opportunities for advancement. We are seeking a part time on call, Secondary Firearms Instructor: The Secondary Firearms Instructor (SFI) supports the Lead Firearms Instructor (LFI) during the Federal Flight Deck Officer (FFDO) Requalification Training sessions. The SFI assists the LFI as directed in the preparation; completion; and post session clean-up requirements of all FFDO Semi-annual Firearms Requalification sessions. Ensures student safety during dry-fire and live-fire training venues. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: The SFI provides one-on-one instruction to students during the pre-qualification (warm-up) course of fire; and any remedial training as designated by the LFI. The SFI must possess the demonstrated ability to effectively communicate law enforcement training concepts and issues to a diverse audience; and must possess the demonstrated ability to instruct in accordance with the principles of basic adult education; as well as platform and practical area instruction for law enforcement. The SFI must have the ability to interpret; apply; and adhere to established program policies; standard operating procedures (SOPs); and lesson plans The SFI keeps all Sensitive Security Information (SSI) and Sensitive Personally Identifying Information (SPII) secured appropriately both during and after a re-qualification session in compliance with the TSA MD 2100.2; Privacy and Information Collection Policy and TSA MD 1400.3 TSA Information Security Policy. Education Associates Degree; or the equivalent combination of education; technical certifications or training; or work/military experience. The SFI must be a current or former certified law enforcement official or civilian employee having completed a military; state; county or municipally certified firearms training program. The SFI must also comply with all Federal; state; and/or local requirements. Qualifications SFIs must have a minimum of 5 years of formal experience as an instructor in ALL of the following law enforcement disciplines: firearms; defensive tactics/measures; and use of force. Working Conditions The work is typically performed at an indoor or outdoor gun range. Employees will be required to handle weapons and ammunition in the course of their duties. Exposure to high volumes of noise due to the firing of weapons will occur and employees are required to wear hearing protection in the form of foam ear plugs as well as external hearing protection. Exposure to expelled gun-powder as a result of fired ammunition is expected; and the employees must wash hands after handling ammunition. Work may require some physical effort in the handling of light materials; boxes; or equipment. The above job description is not intended to be; nor should it be construed as; exhaustive of all responsibilities; skills; efforts; or working conditions associated with this job. Requests for reasonable accommodations will be considered to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the principal (essential) functions of this job. General Dynamics Information Technology is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer (M/F/D/V). This position requires applicants to successfully complete the security application and pass a background investigation clearance prior to starting. As a trusted systems integrator for more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology provides information technology (IT), systems engineering, professional services and simulation and training to customers in the defense, federal civilian government, health, homeland security, intelligence, state and local government and commercial sectors.With approximately 32,000 professionals worldwide, the company delivers IT enterprise solutions, manages large-scale, mission-critical IT programs and provides mission support services.GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.