Job Title: Community Health Worker Reports To: Social Work Program Manager General Overview: The Community Health Worker (CHW) helps increase access to health services for underserved individuals through outreach, education, and peer support. This position provides a variety of specialized services to special populations. The CHW is expected to have an understanding of mental illness/addiction and being willing and ready to engage with clients who struggle with these issues at all levels. The CHW is responsible for promoting behavior changes, assisting with linkages to appropriate health care services, and assisting individuals with self-management of chronic diseases. Responsibilities: Maintains confidentiality and follows HIPAA standards in safeguarding patient information. Conducts outreach and prevention education services, targeting individuals in need of a medical home and/or with chronic disease. Plan and prepare strategies with community health center and ER (emergency room) on referral process. Assist in identifying and engaging patients who would benefit from CHW support. Conduct comprehensive screening/assessment activities including health status, health risks and social needs factors. Assist clients in gaining access to and navigating a primary health care medical home and other community based social services (i.e. behavioral health services, housing, legal, etc.) Documents each patient served, conducts intake interviews, monitors client progress, maintains logs and statistics. Engage patients/families in the development/maintenance and activation of a comprehensive treatment and self-management plan. Establish trusting relationship with patients and their families while providing support, appropriate accountability, and encouragement. Work cooperatively with other staff in coordinating patient care and pursuing team-based approaches to service delivery. Provides culturally and linguistically appropriate services and health education to clients. Coordinate transportation for clients to/from appointments, including accompaniment as needed. Develop relationships with area social service agencies to build knowledge of the resources available to clients and to provide linkages to these services. Participates actively in supervisory and team meetings, training sessions, conferences, seminars and independent study. Participates in program and operational planning. Provide ongoing follow-up, motivational interviewing, and goal setting with patients/families. Follow-up with clients regarding appointments, care plans, and health goals. Other duties as assigned to support the work of the Advantage Health Centers. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES: Oral and written communication skills at a level typically acquired through a program of study in public health, health education, social work, human services, health communication, or similar field or relevant work experience. Knowledge of community-based healthcare and social services systems and the needs of medically underserved populations, particularly those experiencing homelessness Ability to work with individuals from varied professional background and diverse cultures with multiple chronic conditions. Ability to develop and maintain productive partner relations Ability to build credibility and trust with clients/patients. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s degree in psychology or a human services related field and 1-2 years experience. Must possess the ability to speak effectively before individuals and small groups. Must possess the ability to interact respectfully with diverse cultural and socio-economic populations. Community Health Worker (CHW) certification strongly preferred.