_PLEASE ONLY APPLY IF YOU DO NOT NEED SPONSORSHIP TO WORK IN THE UNITED STATES. WE ARE UNABLE TO CONSIDER CANDIDATES WHO REQUIRE SPONSORSHIP._ Location: Warren, MI Austin, TX About the role: This is a unique opportunity to join a multi-disciplined team of experienced individuals who drive the opportunity identification and solution design, development, and deployment of advanced analytics across the global enterprise.The team is responsible both for analytics strategy and project- based solutions, focusing on the company’s most critical business areas. This role applies leading analytic practices and methods, designs and leads iterative development and learning cycles, and ultimately produces new and creative analytic solutions that become part of the operating fabric of the global enterprise. Responsibilities include some or all of the following: Working with cross-functional teams to discover and develop actionable, high-impact data analytics needs and opportunities in a variety of core business areas. Developing industry leading solutions including: Exploring and framing business problems and challenges in analytic terms, so that actionable objectives can be clearly defined. Assessing any existing analytic models, reviewing for gaps against business needs and industry best practices. Determining the analytic approaches to be used, and defining and applying the appropriate methodologies, based on industry leading practices. Identifying detailed data needs, sources, and structure to support solution development. Employing Proof-of-Concepts for exploratory and targeted data analyses, leading to breakthrough solutions. Ensuring integrity of the analytical solutions in terms of the underlying statistical and economic models and assumptions. Presenting approaches and insights to clients in simple, clear, and coherent fashion. Minimum Qualifications : Business Acumen Ability to understand complex business processes, and how business value is created. Based on that knowledge, propose analytic strategies and solutions that challenge and expand the thinking of the working team. Ability to create structured problem statements and conceptualize potential solutions from rough client specifications and information. Ability to communicate analyses, status, results, and recommendations to business management and executives in business terms. Technical Expertise Expert knowledge and experience in one or more of these areas: Econometric and time series modeling, simulation, machine learning, text analytics, and optimization methods. Experience with analyzing source system data and data flows, and working with structured and unstructured data. Experience with manipulating high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources to highlight patterns, anomalies, relationships and trends. Detailed knowledge and experience in one or more of the following technology areas: Analytic tools and languages for statistical and machine learning models such as SAS, R, Python, Scala Deep Learning frameworks and tools such as TensorFlow, Word2vec Hadoop framework and platform tools (Spark, Hive, Sqoop, and Pig) Data management using SQL Data visualization with tools such as Tableau Additional Qualifications: 7+ years professional experience Employment experience in a Fortune 100 company preferred Highly collaborative work style, with ability to provide leadership to a cross-functional team Flexible analytic approach that allows for producing results at varying levels of precision Strong listening and communications skills, with ability to clearly and concisely explain complex problems and technologies to non-expert and executive audiences Evidence of being able to transfer solutions to business stakeholders for successful adoption and value realization Commitment to constant learning to expand skills and keep pace with industry advances Education Masters or PhD preferred. Bachelors’ degree or equivalent work experience in a technical or quantitative field required.