Overview Provides analytical support to a specific functional area, department, or division. Develops and provides complex reporting for assigned area/department/division. Prepares and analyzes ad hoc reports. Analyzes assigned issues and recommends appropriate courses of action to take. Works on special projects as directed. Essential Duties & Responsibilities Required Works with models for analyzing changes/opportunities, efficiency initiatives, or other business issues Ad hoc analyses for management Maintains systems applications, including managing users, profiles, account access, security, and troubleshooting issues Compiles and loads data received from other departments utilizing spreadsheet and database applications Assists in preparation for management reviews as needed Validates accuracy of reported s Maintains management reports Distributes reports Coordinates robust testing plans for new enhancements. Develops basic/intermediate models for analyzing new business opportunities, efficiency initiatives, or other business issues Preparation for management reviews as required Tests and maintains management reports Develops intermediate/complex models for analyzing new business opportunities, efficiency initiatives, or other business issues Analyzes trends Develops presentations Designs, writes, tests and maintains management reports Performs additional duties as assigned Meets attendance and punctuality standards Qualifications, Required Knowledge Skills & Abilities and Working Conditions The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Analyze market (IDC, Gartner), field, and competitive data. Analyze pipeline and historical financial data. Salesforce experience preferred. 2 Years or relevant work experience. Build solid, effective working relationships with others. Assimilate research data from a variety of sources, analyze, and recommend appropriate courses of action to take. Constructively work under stress and pressure when faced with high workloads and deadlines. Create and conduct formal presentations. Analyze and resolve complex issues and problems in a sound and timely fashion. Express ideas clearly and convey necessary information. Interact effectively with all levels of management. Recognize and attend to important details with accuracy and efficiency. Work independently with minimum supervision. Prepare/analyze appropriate reports and other business correspondence. Possesses strong organizational and time management skills, driving tasks to completion. Use relevant computer system applications (which may include spreadsheets, word processors, databases, etc) at an intermediate level. Maintain confidentiality of sensitive information.