The Senior Manager / Associate Director, Quality Control will provide expertise in Quality Control (QC) testing; will help stage and perform appropriate validation of bioanalytical methods for cell therapy products; will be responsible for coordinating and performing raw material testing, in- process, drug substance and final product testing; and will manage qualification of QC instrumentation. Responsibilities Define the method lifecycle strategy for all Nohla raw material, in process and final release test methods. Establish specifications and testing procedures for raw materials. Develop in-process and final specification systems for Nohla cell therapy drug substance and drug products. Provide specification justification and implement CQAs. Implement and improve stability strategy for raw materials, ancillary materials, in process materials and drug product. Manage CMO/CTL relationships and communication. Implement analytical trending program and product quality monitoring program. Evaluate environmental monitoring trends. Implement corrective action plans when necessary Generation of CoAs for product release. Lead CMC enabling studies such as extractables/leachables and container closure integrity. Implement QC BLA readiness strategy. Assist in the preparation of dossiers and data packages for interactions between Nohla and Regulatory agencies. Interact with agents from Regulatory agencies and participate in Pre-Approval Inspections. Develop, revise and review SOPs, qualification/validation protocols and reports. Implement and improve programs such as OOS, LIR, raw material testing and stability. Conduct investigations regarding out of specifications (OOS) results. Address and manage deviations related to analytical procedures. Represent QC in the Nohla CCRB and MRB. Review proposed changes to systems, procedures, methods, and submissions to regulatory agencies, as appropriate. Monitor the GMP systems currently in place to ensure compliance with documented policies Evaluate metric information for use in continuous improvement of areas of responsibility. Direct QC staff represent QC in cross functional, internal and external communication. Perform other duties as required. Requirements Minimum of 10 years working in the biopharmaceutical, cellular therapy, or gene therapy industries Direct experience supporting the manufacturing, testing, disposition, and distribution of cGMP products The ideal candidate is well versed in various analytical techniques such as FACS, ELISAs, PCR, FTIR, UV and Fluorescence spectroscopy, enzyme assays and other applicable methods to the testing of biopharmaceuticals and cellular therapies. Experience in environmental monitoring and in investigating the sources of contamination. Experience in Bioreactor/Cell Culture Aseptic Techniques Experience in Clean Room Operations desirable Experience with Quality Systems and Auditing Principles Working knowledge of quality systems and regulatory requirements (21 CRF Part 11/210/211) Quality Control, GMPs, bioanalytical method development and validation Strong knowledge of GMP, SOPs and quality control processes Identifying, writing evaluating and closing OOS’s and investigations Equipment and utility IQ/OQ/PQ/PV Proficient in MS Word, Excel, Power Point and other applications Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to communicate and work independently with scientific/technical personnel Comfortable in a fast-paced small company environment with minimal direction and able to adjust workload based upon changing priorities Some travel required