Overview: The Stadium Operations Coordinator acting under the general direction of the Senior Manager of Stadium Operations performs essential support duties for the Stadium Operations Department. The Stadium Operations coordinator is charged with completing various tasks deemed necessary to operate Levi’s stadium during large scale events and during daily operations. Responsibilities: 24-7 software Administrator for Stadium Incident Management System (Management of database, software applications, protocols and procedures, and trainings) Management of Levi’s Stadium/ NFL Fan Conduct program. (Documentation, reporting, and communications) Manage all radio inventory and serve as the main liaison with communications vendor for stadium wide radio needs for all events. Oversee and provide direction for various contractors and part-time staff. Evaluate the performance of contractors and part-time staff to ensure maximum efficiency. Provide both positive feedback and constructive criticism when necessary. Work closely with all elements of Stadium Operations (Event Operations, Parking and Traffic, etc.) to maximize department output. Serve as Stadium Operations liaison in Command Post on event days. Create and submit after action reports for each event. Other duties as assigned. Requirements: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience Experience in managing a robust database a plus. Outstanding communication skills, written and oral. Able to manage numerous projects and tasks concurrently. Possess a positive and enthusiastic personality with a passion for his/her craft, an openness to learning, and a superior work ethic Working knowledge of programs such as PowerPoint, Excel, Word, Outlook. Must be detail oriented. Must be able to work weekends, evenings and holidays in addition to regular business hours. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.