As a Business Analyst working with Systems, Data, and the Client you will serve a key role for our outsourcing business by serving as the link between consultants, external clients and our internal team of system developers. You will contribute to the implementation of new services, and ongoing business by translating business needs into actionable programming and process steps for developers, practicing the fundamentals of systems analysis, design and testing. You will also consult to clients concerning implementation best practices, provide ongoing technical support, and train client teams. The Role A Few Select Responsibilities: Ensure that all documentation starts from baseline and adheres to standards; communicate back to base team suggestions for changes or enhancements to standard documentation. Attends client meetings relevant to the components they have responsibility for, to establish client relationship and ensure complete understanding. Responsible for developing requirements documentation. Responsible for system configuration based on client requirements. Responsible for creating test plans, and testing system changes and enhancements to ensure completeness and accuracy. —-Regression testing as necessary based on the nature of the system change/enhancement. Identify reporting needs and requirements. Understand SOW and be responsible for change order identification and assist with providing work and hours necessary to draft the change order. Work closely with developer to ensure project requirements/requests for changes are understood and within standards. Provide guidance to other team members regarding best/standard practices. Provide guidance/assistance to team members where needed to help ensure issues are resolved by assigned due date. Escalate concerns with ability to meet due dates to PM. Lead analyst for annual enrollment with similar responsibilities as Implementation BA during OE project. Train and help transition ongoing processing requirements to BSA. Lead client requirements meetings as needed. Maintain and update all requirements documents, ensuring adherence to standards. Research issues and cases to determine root cause and provide impact analysis for ongoing issues and changes and requests for new functionality. Addresses all calc or data issues that impact carriers. Assist PM with development of Project Plan for open enrollment and significant change orders. Responsible for any vendor file updates and ongoing support. Provide training for client on large-scale change orders to client, BOC and Service Center, as needed. The Requirements Desire to learn, accept new challenges, and have fun! 5 years’ experience as a Business Analyst Understanding of the fundamentals of health and welfare and broader benefit plan design preferred Ability to complete Willis Towers Watson Business Analyst training program Intermediate to advanced SQL skills Experience with relational databases including SQL, Oracle or Access preferred Experience with test plan creation, testing procedures and test plan execution Strong analytical, integrative and problem solving skills Solid interpersonal skills and client service orientation Ability to work both independently and on client teams, including virtual work teams with members in different geographic regions Strong organizational abilities and flexibility to work in a performance driven environment managing multiple project priorities Sense of accountability, owning one’s work and taking pride in it; commitment to quality and continuous improvement Ability to travel and work extended hours as needed The Company Willis Towers Watson is a leading global advisory, broking and solutions company that helps clients around the world turn risk into a path for growth. With roots dating to 1828, Willis Towers Watson has 40,000 employees serving more than 140 countries. We design and deliver solutions that manage risk, optimize benefits, cultivate talent, and expand the power of capital to protect and strengthen institutions and individuals. Our unique perspective allows us to see the critical intersections between talent, assets and ideas – the dynamic formula that drives business performance. Together, we unlock potential. Learn more at willistowerswatson.com. Willis Towers Watson is an equal opportunity employer Willis Towers Watson is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, status as a protected veteran, or disability.