Job Description POSITION SUMMARY: Serve as a Business Process Improvement Consultant leading and/or supporting process and performance improvement efforts in the areas of Workforce Management, Workforce Development & Training, Shipyard Business Operations, Project Management, Materials Support, Resource and Capacity Planning, Availability Maintenance & Overhaul, Metrics and Measures, and Business Analytics. Apply the Lean Six Sigma, TOC, and High Velocity Learning methodologies to achieve performance objectives. RESPONSIBILTIES: Using Lean Six Sigma and Theory of Constraints methodologies, this individual will: Lead Continuous Process Improvement (CPI) projects tied to critical customer value streams Coach and mentor Lean Six Sigma (LSS) Belts in the performance of LSS projects and events Integrate process improvements across multiple disciplines in client environment Perform assessments utilizing analytical skills to understand client environments and associated LSS opportunities Interact directly with high-level customers on a regular basis Plan and facilitate meetings to achieve desired customer objectives Define and develop operational and performance metrics Conduct data mining and decision support analytics in support of business and mission objectives Recommend priorities for business process and IT improvements Identify and define IT functional requirements to implement business process improvements Implement and assess business process and IT improvements Perform internal consultation when necessary REQUIREMENTS: Requires a Bachelor's Degree in Engineering (or related field) and seven to nine years of related experience. Must have a minimum of five years of experience in Continuous Process Improvement. Must be computer system competent and able to apply business operating system applications to retrieve, interpret, and report relevant performance data and metrics. Must possess strong problem-solving and systems thinking abilities. Must have outstanding interpersonal skills such as providing constructive feedback, meeting facilitation, interviewing, training and delivering oral and written reports. Must be able to obtain a DoD Secret security clearance (note: this requires US citizenship.) DESIRED: Six Sigma Black Belt Certification Naval or Shipyard Experience Active Security Clearance Proficiency in Minitab Proficiency in SharePoint EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE: Typically requires bachelor's degree or equivalent, and seven to nine years of related experience. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: Normal demands associated with an office environment. Ability to work on computer for long periods, and communicate with individuals by telephone, email and face to face. Some travel may be required. Job Location US-Bremerton-WA-TACOMA CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.