The Computer History Museum (www.computerhistory.org), located in the heart of Silicon Valley, California, seeks a technically experienced and highly motivated individual for the position of Web Designer/Developer. The Museum's mission is to preserve and present for posterity the artifacts and stories of the information age. This unique and exciting institution is home to one of the largest collections of computer-related artifacts in the world; Backed by leaders and innovators of the computer industry, the Museum brings computing history to life through its speaker series, exhibitions, oral histories and website. The Web Designer/Developer will work alongside the museum's IT team to help maintain and improve the museum's website and overall web architecture. The best candidates have a strong understanding of industry trends and are proactive in keeping with industry standards. An understanding of layout aesthetics and a rigor for programming are crucial. An understanding of the entire web development process, including design, development and deployment, with back-end knowledge, is important. Responsibilities The Web Designer/Developer is primarily responsible for maintaining the museum's website. He or she will design and build web pages based on requests from various museum teams, which may range from vague concepts to strict, pre- determined specs. The Developer should be flexible enough to handle both situations, and should be able to clearly communicate with others to finalize designs. When not creating new pages, the Designer/Developer will perform routine website maintenance, which includes updating older web pages and online exhibits. These older pages may utilize outdated/obsolete technologies or media formats, and it is the Developers responsibility to modernize them. The Designer/Developer will also learn about the museum's back-end systems, and should be able to respond accordingly if any problems arise. He or she may occasionally do some work on the back-end. Qualifications Technical BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering or related technical field. Or expert in Web Design/Development. 3-5 years of experience in the field. Ability to occasionally work outside regular business hours for systems projects, museum events and/or problem resolution. Be of high aptitude and keen on detail. Specific Duties Collaborate with various museum teams to design/build/modify web pages Create quality mockups and prototypes on tight timelines Develop functional and appealing web- and mobile-based applications based on usability Maintain graphic standards and branding throughout the product’s interface Stay up-to-date on emerging technologies Design and build new online exhibits, and update designs for older exhibits Process unoptimized image/video for efficient web delivery Perform routine website updates and maintenance as necessary Technical Qualifications Proficiency with HTML5/CSS3, and Javascript; PHP5+ Proficiency with Javascript, specifically jQuery and node.js Good understanding of server-side CSS preprocessors SASS/SCSS/Stylus Good understanding of server-side / client-side template systems (TinyButStrong, mustache, etc) Experience with MySQL and/or other SQL databases Experience with CouchDB and/or other document-oriented JSON databases Familiar with parsing XML, JSON, YAML Proficiency in versioning tools like Git and Github.com Experience with AWS or other cloud services Experience with social media APIs (Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, etc) Experience using Photoshop or other image processing software Understanding accessibility and security compliance, scalable application design, and multiple delivery platforms. Additional Qualifications Strong visual design skills Strong communication skills, both written and verbal Strong time management skills, with ability to set goals and meet deadlines Strong project management skills, with ability to handle multiple projects and prioritize accordingly Comfortable working in small teams or independently with minimal supervision Bonus Qualifications In-depth knowledge of computers and IT is a plus Mac/Unix experience is a plus