Under the Operations Manager, maintain an assigned group of classrooms, restrooms, office and related facilities in a clean and orderly manner. Representative Duties 1\. Sweep, scrub, mop and wax floors; vacuum and steam clean rugs and carpets in classrooms, offices, workshops and other work areas; refinish floors as necessary. E 2\. Wash windows, blackboards, furniture and walls; dust and polish furniture and woodwork. E 3\. Empty and clean waste receptacles; sweep sidewalks; pick up paper and other debris; pick up trash containers and empty into large bins. E 4\. Clean restrooms including floors, walls, fixtures, appliances and mirrors; restock supplies; polish metal fixtures; clean drinking fountains. E 5\. Assist in moving, arranging and setting up furniture and equipment for special events and meetings. E 6\. Perform minor, non-technical repairs to buildings and fixtures including replacing lights; report other repair and maintenance needs as appropriate. E 7\. Perform security duties related to buildings and grounds during assigned times; turn lights on and off; unlock and lock doors and windows. E 8\. Maintain equipment and supplies in proper working condition. E 9\. Perform related duties as assigned. The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) requires us to identify the essential (E) duties/functions of the position. We have indicated those duties with an E on the job description. Knowledge and Abilities Knowledge of: Proper methods, materials, tools and equipment used in custodial work. Modern cleaning methods including basic methods of cleaning and preserving floors, blackboards, carpets, furniture, walls and fixtures. Requirements of maintaining school buildings in a safe, clean and orderly condition. Appropriate safety precautions and procedures. Ability to: Use cleaning materials, equipment and methods according to pre-determined standards. Learn and apply knowledge of the schedules, procedures and use of equipment and supplies used in custodial work. Maintain tools and equipment assigned in proper working order. Perform minor, non-technical repairs. Observe and report need for maintenance and repair. Lift objects weighing up to 50 pounds. Perform heavy manual labor. Understand and follow oral and written directions. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with others. Meet schedules and timelines. Communicate effectively with others. Education and Experience Any combination equivalent to: sufficient training and experience to demonstrate the knowledge and abilities listed above.