Job Summary Troubleshoots hardware and software problems, assists users with desktop applications and provides user training. Utilizes applications such as Altiris to track user requests from trouble-ticket generation through problem resolution. Escalates a problem to other network or system support personnel when the problem is not easily identified and corrected. Knowledge/Skills/Abilities Provides level 2 support for any computer or network problems that should arise within MMS. Works with Help Desk and Network Operations staff as appropriate to determine and resolve problems received from clients. Works closely with various system owners and provides ongoing support. Installs new/rebuild existing servers and configure hardware, peripherals, services, settings, directories, storage, etc. in accordance with standards and project/operational requirements. Works with vendor support contacts to resolve technical problems with desktop computing equipment and software applications. Performs daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backups. Performs daily backup operations, ensuring all required file systems and system data are successfully backed up to the appropriate media, recovery tapes or disks are created, and media is recycled and sent off site as necessary. Applies OS patches and upgrades on a regular basis, and upgrades administrative tools and utilities. Configures /adds new services as necessary. Job Qualifications Required Education Associate's Degree or equivalent experience Required Experience 4-6 years experience supporting a LAN in a medium to large size environment. 2 years experience supporting Windows XP or Windows Vista. Working knowledge of MS Office, Symantec Antivirus, Internet Explorer, VPN, and remote access. Required License, Certification, Association A+ or Server+ Network + or equivalent Security + or equivalent Microsoft Certification Preferred Education Bachelor's Degree in MIS or Computer Science Preferred Experience Working knowledge of Virtualization technologies, IIS, SharePoint, and SQL Server. Preferred License, Certification, Association Systems Administration/System Engineer certification in Microsoft, VMware, and/or Unix Hardware / Software Vendor Certifications. i.e. Cisco, Checkpoint, Nortel, etc. PMP and CISSP also helpful _To all current Molina employees: If you are interested in applying for this position, please apply through the intranet job listing._ _Molina Healthcare offers a competitive benefits and compensation package. Molina Healthcare is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) M/F/D/V._