Concur, a part of SAP, imagines the way the world should work, offering cloud- based services that make it simple to manage travel and expenses. By connecting data, applications and people, Concur delivers an effortless experience and total transparency into spend wherever and whenever it happens. Concur services adapt to individual employee preferences and scale to meet the needs of companies from small to large, so they can focus on what matters most. The company serves more than 30,000 clients representing more than 27 million users in over 150 countries. Job Overview: Concur’s Senior Risk and Compliance Analyst will be a member of Concur’s Governance, Risk and Compliance organization, and help maintain and administer information security policies, procedures, and controls associated with Concur’s risk and compliance programs. This Senior Risk and Compliance Analyst will lead and execute strategic and tactical projects. These projects may include but are not limited to, leading and supporting Concur’s Risk Management program and project; supporting Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery programs and projects; supporting external audits; development and/or assessment of internal controls and policies; risk identification and analysis. The Senior Risk and Compliance Analyst will be a subject matter expert on all aspects of compliance and risk to the organization and its clients. Responsibilities: Perform tasks to support the Concur Governance, Risk and Compliance programs including: Risk Management Plan and perform annual Concur IT risk assessments across company departments, business units and operational locations Establish and maintain effective partnerships with security and privacy teams, leadership, and other stakeholders (e.g. risk owners, etc) Establish and maintain communication channels with executive leadership to provide regular reporting and visibility into high risk areas Support daily work for Concur risk program, such as: Intake and triage of risks Analysis and treatment of risks Partner with risk owners to create and achieve risk treatment plans Ensure completeness and accuracy of the Risk Register Drive risk acceptances Manage JIRA backlog for risk items Support security compliance initiatives and assessments including responses to client security organization audits, questionnaires Position Requirements Qualifications 4+ years increasing responsibilities in IT risk management, information security or compliance related field Knowledge of IT risk assessment methodologies and frameworks, and IT security and compliance standards Ability to interpret information security data and processes to identify potential risks Ability to work within a globally distributed organization Excellent time management skills including the ability to prepare, prioritize, and complete work plans Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to prepare documentation, policies, and build consensus across a broad group Ability to work effectively and organize priorities independently Ability to clearly and effectively communicate risks, information security and compliance matters to executives, auditors, and end users CISSP, CISA, or other relevant professional certification Additional Qualifications: Strong collaborative/team spirit Passion for process improvement Project Management experience Strong curiosity and fast learner High technical aptitude Value Competencies: Displays passion for & responsibility to the customer Hires, develops & rewards great people Displays leadership through innovation in everything you do Displays a passion for what you do and a drive to improve Displays a relentless commitment to win Displays personal & corporate integrity EEO: Concur is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, national origin, religion, sex, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristics protected by federal, state or local law. We are committed to hiring and valuing a global diverse work team. Concur is a dynamic, growing and fast-paced organization. As such, successful employees are able to work in a fast-paced environment, managing multiple priorities often times under tight deadlines. This typically requires working a 40+ hour work week to accomplish performance objectives. With that, Concur offers flexibility as to the specific working hours that may be required or available depending on your role. Concur is a SaaS company. Employees must be technically savvy with the ability to use the computer/keyboard and telephone to conduct business. The ability to creatively problem solve to our core value of ‘Leadership through innovation in everything we do’. Many positions within Concur are customer facing so written, verbal and interpersonal communications skills are required for a majority of opportunities with Concur. Confidentiality and our core value ‘Personal and corporate integrity’ are critical components being that Concur is a publicly traded company and working towards building a great, enduring company. E-Verify: Concur participates in E-Verify to confirm work authorization. IND123 LI-TP1 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.