Wizards of the Coast, a subsidiary of Hasbro, Inc., and the world's largest publisher of adventure games, including Magic: The Gathering® Trading Card Game and Dungeons & Dragons® Roleplaying Games has an exciting opportunity for a Data Analyst to join our Analytics team. This role will focus on our Digital Game portfolio. Wizards of the Coast recently announced a MTG Arena, a free to play, digitally authentic expression of the tabletop game. To support this and other upcoming digital ventures, the Analytics team needs new talent. WHAT IS THIS ROLE ALL ABOUT? Wizards of the Coast is looking for an exceptional data analyst to be the voice of data and analytics in the design and live operations of our digital products. As a data analyst on the analytics team, you will use data to identify and evaluate opportunities to improve all Wizard of the Coast digital products, experiences, and services. You will partner with game designers, product managers, and strategic leadership to analyze complex problems and recommend data-informed solutions. You will combine your analytical and statistical skills with your love of games to make recommendations and identify opportunities that make our games better for our players and for Wizards. DAY TO DAY RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THIS WIZARD Identify Opportunities – At Wizards, we are always striving to make our products better, and this will be especially true in the competitive digital marketplace. You will use your genius at data manipulation and your strong passion for games to identify ways in which we can improve our digital products. You will be the “voice of the data” in identifying where we can be doing better and in quantifying the potential impact. Make Actionable Recommendations – You will not be satisfied with uncovering areas for improvements; you will be an active participant in generating ideas and making recommendations. Your knowledge of game design best practices will supplement your analysis to yield actionable recommendations that are feasible and consistent with Wizard’s core values. Develop Collaborative Partnerships – Analysis only has impact through action and implementation. You will be an exceptional collaborator and partner with our stakeholders. Your flawless execution and effective communication will earn the trust of the game teams and executives, and, in return, they will look to you for analytical guidance and impartial analysis. Publish Meaningful Reporting – You will empower others by developing reporting that answers key questions in understanding and running our business and games. You will understand user needs, anticipate their questions, and provide meaningful on-demand reporting for our stakeholders. Trailblaze New Analysis and Modelling – There’s always more we could be doing. Identify the gaps in our analysis, and innovate new ways of answering questions that haven’t even been asked yet. AM I QUALIFIED? Minimum qualifications: BS/BA degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, etc.). 2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. Proficiency in a SQL language (Postgres, TSQL, etc.). Experience with statistical software and database languages. Knowledge of and passion for digital games. Preferred qualifications: 2 years of work experience in data analysis with a gaming company. Applied experience with machine learning on large datasets. Proficiency in Python or R. Knowledge and passion for Magic: The Gathering. Advance degree in a related field. Knowledge, Abilities and Characteristics of the Ideal Wizard: The successful candidate must embody the Analytics team’s principles – We are stewards of facts. We are passionate about games. We believe solid analysis leads to better decisions. We listen and learn. We are inclusive and respectful. We expect greatness Physical Requirements: Office environment, able to work on computer or phone for long periods of time. We are an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. The above is intended to describe the general content of and the requirements for satisfactory performance in this position. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of the duties, responsibilities, or requirements of the position. Hasbro (NASDAQ: HAS) is a global play and entertainment company committed to _Creating the World's Best Play Experiences._ From toys and games to television, movies, digital gaming and consumer products, Hasbro offers a variety of ways for audiences to experience its iconic brands, including NERF, MY LITTLE PONY, TRANSFORMERS, PLAY-DOH, MONOPOLY, LITTLEST PET SHOP and MAGIC: THE GATHERING, as well as premier partner brands. Through Hasbro Studios and its film labels, Allspark Pictures and Allspark Animation, the Company is building its brands globally through great storytelling and content on all screens. Hasbro is committed to making the world a better place for children and their families through corporate social responsibility and philanthropy. Hasbro ranked No. 1 on the 2017 100 Best Corporate Citizens list by _CR Magazine_ , and has been named one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies® by _Ethisphere Institute_ for the past six years. Learn more at www.hasbro.com, and follow us on Twitter (@Hasbro & @HasbroNews) and Instagram (@Hasbro).