Job Description: DXC Technology (NYSE: DXC) is the world’s leading independent, end-to-end IT services company, helping clients harness the power of innovation to thrive on change. Created by the merger of CSC and the Enterprise Services business of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, DXC Technology serves nearly 6,000 private and public sector clients across 70 countries. The company’s technology independence, global talent and extensive partner alliance combine to deliver powerful next-generation IT services and solutions. DXC Technology is recognized among the best corporate citizens globally. For more information, visit www.dxc.technology. The Reporting Analyst works closely with members of the Office of the CIO and various teams in the Cyber Security organization in gathering requirements, prepping data for presentations as well as performing ad hoc data exploration and reporting as needed. This person will be responsible for creating reports from summary data with actionable items to track performance and support decision making that impact the business. The ideal candidate is a good problem solver and has a strong background with Business Intelligence reporting tools (Excel, Tableau, and QlikSense), data modeling with Star Schemas, and SQL. Major Duties and Responsibilities: Evaluate patterns, trends and outliers in data Analyze data to identify opportunities or behaviors lending insight to patterns or variation in outcomes Provide recommendations on findings to assist management in operational or strategic decision-making process Create metrics and dashboards associated with findings and represent them using Excel and Business Intelligence tools such as Qlikview, QlikSense, and Tableau. Interactions: All levels of management, Office of the CIO and Cyber Security personnel Qualifications: 5+ years of relevant experience in a report development, business analytics, business intelligence or comparable role Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Ability to recommend and implement strategic technical plans and initiatives and provide solutions to streamline technical efficiencies (applied experience with Microsoft-SQL, Access, SSIS or comparable database tools and SQL, Visual Studio, VB.Net or comparable database language Ability to write and troubleshoot new and existing SQL queries for analyses. Must have experience working with star-schemas using Business Intelligence tools such as Tableau, QlikSense, Business Objects, etc.) Good presentation skills and interpersonal skills Ability to meet deadlines and be flexible when priorities are re-assessed IS