JOB SUMMARY: Manages Central System and Device application deployment, including application installation and configuration. Assures all Central System applications and Device applications are well behaved and functioning appropriately. Assists the Senior Systems Analyst with verifying that all CTS central system and device platforms, OS’s (Windows, AIX, UNIX, LINUX, etc) are properly configured to support the applications efficiently. Additionally, the analyst will be called upon to perform application and Device software migrations and upgrades in multiple environments, including QA, Staging and Production. These efforts can require close coordination with the Infrastructure and Engineering groups. This position typically works under general supervision and direction. Incumbents of this position will regularly exercise discretionary and substantial decision-making authority. ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES (may be required to perform additional job duties): Performs day-to-day application administration. Monitors and manages application and infrastructure health. Assists the Network Administrator as needed with LAN, WAN, and Internet, particularly in relation to applications. Manages and controls application software licenses. Installs and upgrades all applications on all QA, Staging and Production platforms. Maintains secure applications. Assists the Senior Systems Analyst with interfacing with the QA, CM, Test and Engineering teams on all software releases. Provides sign off on various release gateways. Provides assistance with Windows, UNIX, LINUX, AIX and HP-UX based platforms in relation to application function and performance. Monitors system backup/restore/failover software and hardware. Conducts performance tuning; optimization of resource configuration on all platforms and LAN. Assists in installation and configuration of databases. Assists in installing, configuring and operating monitoring software such as SolarWinds. Develops documentations describing installation specific configurations and processes. Participates as a secondary contact in the 24x7 on-call support rotation. MINIMUM JOB REQUIREMENTS (education, experience, knowledge, skills and abilities): Four-year college degree, in computer science or related experience plus a minimum of two years systems administration/analyst experience. Good knowledge and experience in maintaining applications, both third party COTS and internally developed. Knowledge and experience managing networks. Knowledge and experience administrating various Windows and UNIX Operating Systems, including Perl Scripting. Knowledge of databases, including SQL Server and Oracle. Knowledge of SQL in general. In depth understanding of System Administration/Analyst methodology and principles. ITIL experience. Must have excellent communications skills, both verbal and written. Proficient with all Microsoft Office applications. Position will focus on Device support across North America. Duties will include (in addition to the above) assistance with testing and validation of devices in the various QA and Staging environments, management of the Central systems in relation to devices for both Test and Production systems (including Cloud implementations), and management of configuration and software devices for all managed services locations. Worker Type: Employee