Under supervision of the ImmTrac Group Manager, the Business Analyst III performs complex business systems analysis for the ImmTrac Group. Manages database projects; analyzes application information and develops action plans and procedures for improving and implementing new versions of immunization- related applications. Oversees development and defines functional requirements for the Immunization Information System for providers, ImmTrac2 users, third- party vendors and contractors including ImmTrac Maintenance. Works with DSHS IT staff, CDC, and other vendors to develop and maintain interfaces between systems. Coordinates system testing for the ImmTrac2 and other databases. Provides consultative guidance and technical assistance to staff in the integration of new methods to accomplish necessary tasks using the federal and state immunization systems. Recommends new processes and procedural changes related to legislation and changes in vaccine requirements. Develops processes for implementing and tracking data on immunization programs and other CDC/DSHS initiatives. Provides data analysis and routine or special reports for Performance Measures, CDC grants, and state legislative requests. Works under general supervision with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Essential Job Functions: (45%) Leads projects (technical and functional) according to project management guidelines and standards. Communicates on a complex level with other (internally/externally) to provide, exchange, or verify information, answer inquiries, address issues or resolve problems. Analyzes automation needs to identify and implement applications to improve operational efficiency. Assists in developing and implementing policies, procedures and standards. Defines functional requirements for the Immunization Information System for providers, ImmTrac2 users, third-party vendors and contractors. Participates in the development of RFP and evaluates responses. Works with DSHS IT staff, CDC and other vendors to develop and maintain interfaces between systems. Coordinates system testing for ImmTrac2 registry system and other databases. Defines rules for process; plans and conducts system integration activities. (35%) Leads, facilitates and/or participates in work groups designed to analyze and implement plans toward data linkage and/or integration. Develops and implements evaluation techniques for data systems; verifies accuracy/quality of deliverables; develops action plans for improving or implementing new procedures. Creates system process documentation for use by ImmTrac2 users and other user partners. (15%) Solicits input from stakeholders and Immunization Unit business partners and incorporates feedback into systems and process design. Oversees ImmTrac2 maintenance contractors, including setting workload priorities for contract staff. Engages stakeholder groups and solicits input. Utilizes feedback in defining/refining application functionality. Serves as liaison to DSHS IT and Applications Development Group. (5%) Other duties as assigned include but are not limited to actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency's obligation for disaster response and/or recovery of Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternative shift pattern assignment and/or location. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Knowledge of database management, data analysis, and reporting. Knowledge of business analysis. Knowledge of project management standards and techniques. Extensive PC skills including Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint and Outlook and other relevant software applications. Skill in developing written materials and training. Skill in developing electronic reports from databases. Skill in responding to customer inquiries and handling difficult customers in a tactful manner. Skill in arithmetic, English grammar, and spelling. Skill in supervising, leading and training others. Ability to gather and analyze data and facts, and to devise solutions to problems. Ability to communicate processes and procedures clearly and effectively to others. Ability to use independent judgment and to plan, organize and coordinate work assignments to meet deadlines. Ability to establish effective working relationships with supervisory personnel and co-workers. Ability to effectively communicate (both orally and in writing) processes and procedures. Ability to promote effective communication between technical and non-technical staff. Ability to analyze business needs, systems and procedures. Ability to initiate plans, organize work and make decisions with minimal supervision. Ability to work effectively with others. Registration or Licensure Requirements: N/A Initial Selection Criteria: • Graduation from an accredited four year college or university with major course work in business, communications, or IT/computer sciences is preferred. At least four additional years of relevant employment exceeding the preferred minimum experience may be substituted for the education preference. • Preferred minimum of five years’ experience developing business rules and/or business/functional requirements. • Experience leading/managing projects. • Experience preparing business/technical documentation (e.g. procedures, business processes, project documentation, test plans, solution/decision recommendation documents, etc.). • Preferred experience working professionally with a broad range of stakeholders. • Preferred knowledge of immunizations. Additional Information: Note: There may be no military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. MOS Code: No Military Job Equivalent HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.