Serve as a subject matter expert for all genomics data, including having a thorough understanding of the exclusion/inclusion rules for data (e.g. what constitutes a failed sample, and why it would not be included in our applications), and having a solid grasp on the relationships between each table and how to query it Manage ETL process between sources where bioinformatics data are generated and consumers of data including MatchMiner: a system for matching patients to clinical trials, cBioPortal: A system for visualizing genomics data, and OncDRS: a system for performing clinical research. Work with vendor that maintains enterprise data warehouse to define rules for data extraction. Develop automated QC measures to validate quality of data between each transition. Manage rules engine around pathology data going to downstream systems. Serving as conduit between problems and developers of systems. Maintain updated ERDs for any environment that contains sequencing data Maintain updated data dictionaries for any environment that contains sequencing data Manage relationships with other groups that share interdependencies on Dana Farber molecular data. Qualifications Bachelors degree required, MS preferred or PhD in bioinformatics, computer science and/or the life sciences and 0-2 years relevant experience. Experience with Perl, Python, or related scripting/data extraction language Familiar with relational databases such as MySql, MsSql, or similar Prior experience with genomics or Next Generation Sequencing data preferred Experience with common cancer genetics databases a plus [COSMIC, TCGA, NCI, NCBI, etc.] Detail oriented with ability and drive to gain deep understanding of technical systems Ability to communicate issues in a succinct manner Ability to prioritize and manage various tasks and projects reliably and in a timely manner Experience in working with data transformation pipelines and understanding of nuances of such pipelines. Requires minimal direction from leadership and possesses the ability to adapt to new challenges as they arise Possess strong documentation skills