JOB FUNCTION 1\. Provide design, coding, testing, documentation, debugging, installation and maintenance to information system software programs. 2\. Provide technical knowledge and expertise to help Business System Analysts translate business needs into technical designs, and to help Project Leads estimate and plan for project work. 3\. Provide daily operational support for production application systems, which includes addressing root causes of the software problems. 4\. Take ownership and responsibility for the well-being of one or more application systems of moderate scope. 5\. Mentor and delegate tasks to associate software analysts and technical support personnel. JOB ACTIVITIES Software Development: 1\. Work with Business System Analysts and Process Leads to develop software system requirements, specifications, and designs. 2\. Develop, test, and maintain programs while referring to policies and practices for guidance. 3\. Resolve software problems of moderate to complex scope as required; addressing root causes whenever feasible. 4\. Develop software system documentation and help with training on the appropriate use of applications as needed. 5\. Work with vendors to accomplish programming and/or supporting task. 6\. Design, document, and develop data models that represent specific business processes. Software System Maintenance: 1\. Provide maintenance support for production applications. 2\. Install new software and upgrades and software patches. 3\. Fine tune software systems for maximum operational efficiencies. Off-hours System Support: Take turn providing front line service as well as backup support to front line service analysts as needed. JOB REQUIREMENTS Education: Bachelor degree or equivalent experience. Very good knowledge of software system development methodologies and Relational Data Base concepts. Detailed knowledge of key software modules. Experience: 3+ years of experience with food or consumer products company functional information systems applications, including applications development, implementation, and maintenance. Have experience developing applications using relational databases, CASE tools, and fourth generation languages. Skills: Good technical, communications, and consulting skills. Understand and able to apply principles, concepts, industry practices, standards and techniques. Strong Oracle PL/SQL skills required. Skilled at requirements definition, data and process modeling, and the use of CASE tools, relational databases, and fourth generation languages. Knowledge of warehousing concepts, Highjump or similar inventory management system is strongly preferred. Experience with any of the following is a plus: MSSql Server, JDE, DSI, OTM or similar transportation system, Datastage or similar ETL system, APEX, Boomi, manufacturing execution system, EDI. Must possess the ability to participate and contribute in a team environment. Sound judgment and decision making, and the appropriate sense of urgency is necessary. Ability to provide realistic estimation on how much time to complete a task. Have the curiosity to dig in and find root cause and the sense of ownership to come up with the correct solution. Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.