ClearDATA is seeking a talented AWS Cloud Systems Engineer- 2nd shift-to join our rapidly growing company. This is an excellent opportunity for you to leverage your technical skills and gain new skills in the world of hosted and managed services while being part of the Health Care revolution to the Cloud. You should be comfortable in this environment, or willing to learn and participate in it. We’re a close team of talented engineers, developers, operations, and management, so expect to be involved in many of the design decisions, schedule discussions and ideation around our next generation of products. We’re a distributed team, so your ability to communicate across offices is an important part of your day. What You’ll Do: Monitor and provision AWS environments and respond in accordance with client playbooks. Conduct patching for AWS environments. Serve as 2nd or 3rd level support for customer tickets and troubleshoot accordingly. Documentation of customer environments and best practices. Perform other related duties What You Need: Minimum of 3 years of systems administration experience with 2 years in an AWS cloud environment (certifications are a definite plus) Bachelor’s degree in computer science. Scripting experience in python, bash, and PowerShell. Experience with Linux, windows, or cloud systems. Ability to problem solve and communicate effectively with the customer. Demonstrated flexibility while showing a high degree of organization. Willingness and ability to obtain the AWS certification within 3 months of hire. What Will Make You Stand Out: Experience working in the healthcare industry. Experience working in a high growth VC backed startup. Why You’ll Like Working Here: A dynamic company that rewards high-performers. Be on the cutting edge of new technologies and services. Collaborative team environment that values multiple perspectives and fresh thinking. Servant leadership Management. Business-casual dress code. Flexible working hours. Medical, Dental, Vision, HSA, Life and 401K. Unlimited Vacation. Stock options. ClearDATA is an EEO/AA employer M/F/V/D