Who We Are We are a team of designers and engineers, players and parents, dreamers and doers. We care about athletes’ success in sport and life, and are uncompromising when it comes to our protective gear’s design, fit, feel and performance. Every helmet we make achieves top safety ratings, so every athlete takes the field with the confidence to play at their best. Our athlete-centric philosophy doesn’t stop at safety. We design for needs that transcend protection, pushing the boundaries of fit, feel, comfort, durability, performance and style. We stay ahead of the game with a tireless work ethic and nonstop drive to innovate for football’s fast-changing landscape. What You'll Do/Need The Software Developer develops and implements solutions across multiple value streams within the business, turning complex business problems and opportunities into streamlined and integrated applications and services utilizing forward-thinking technology. This team member is involved in all parts of the solution delivery process: ideation, architecture and design, technology selection, partner management, development, delivery and planned support. This team member uses tools and techniques such as cloud and XaaS APIs to help our business grow exponentially. This role is 80% hands-on and 20% strategic. Responsibilities Work with our teams to develop and support solutions and experiences Manage technology partnerships to drive impactful outcomes Use multiple modern technologies (e.g., JAVA, JavaScript, CSS, HTML and design patterns) for full-stack development Use popular libraries and frameworks such as Node.js and Angular Create architecture models and explain complex business ideas in a simplified manner Develop solutions through APIs and service-oriented architectures Understand and identify business processes and opportunities for technology in those value streams Handle process improvement and business alignment activities Provide hands-on support and development for new features on production systems Requirements 2 years of experience working in technology Understanding of operating systems and web hosting Management, critical thinking and comprehension skills Personable demeanor and the ability to communicate effectively Ability to work both on a team and independently Ability to impact business outcomes strategically and tactically Curiosity and the ability to think about the big picture Ability to come up with innovative technology solutions Passion for technology What’ll Make You Special Experience with cloud providers such as AWS and Azure Experience with both relational and non-relational databases as well as SQL Experience with development tools such as Git repositories What You'll Get Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, dental and vision insurance, and much more Opportunities to participate in professional development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth training Other incentives, contests and rewards, including chances to win trips, event tickets, cash prizes and more Why We’re Different Meet the anti-corporate culture of Xenith, where there’s no daunting hierarchy, “boss” is a four-letter word, and if you work hard, you’re the one who will reap the rewards, both personally and professionally. More than any other place you’ll work, we’re dedicated to honing your skills, helping you grow and making sure you have plenty of fun while you’re at it. _Xenith is an equal opportunity employer._