As a Bookseller, you sell all our products and deliver world-class customer service through your commitment to our four core service principles. You have a passion for what you do and enrich the customer's experience by sharing your knowledge to determine the customer's needs. You make the store experience interactive and engaging. Essential Functions • Provide world-class customer service by delivering the four core service principles: put the book in the customer's hand, offer to order, offer the Member program, and fast cashiering. • Greet and establish rapport with customers, engaging them in conversations about all our products and services. • Ask questions to identify customer needs, providing recommendations using your product knowledge to connect our customer with the right solutions. • Share technical knowledge and enthusiasm about all our digital products and services, providing a personalized experience to multiple customers at the same time. • Respond to customer's concerns and questions, and wrap up the sale. • Communicate specific product needs to managers to ensure your store is stocked appropriately with in demand titles and customer requests. • Ensure that products are put on the selling floor when received, identifying, organizing, shelving, and zoning in accordance with Integrated Store Operations (ISO), Visual Merchandising Standards (VMS), and shelving guidelines. • Recover the selling floor during each shift, including but not necessarily limited to gathering and picking up items, straightening bookcases, maintaining tables in the Cafe, helping to maintain restroom cleanliness, and performing other store housekeeping tasks as required. • Assist in any area of the store when necessary; including but not limited to receiving, cashwrap, Cafe‚ and specialty areas. • Protect company assets by adhering to all inventory and loss prevention standards, properly completing weekly cycle counts and inventories. • Help orient new booksellers, ensuring a smooth acclimation to the store and our bookselling culture. • Act with integrity and trust, promoting our bookselling culture and core values. Qualifications • As a bookseller, you sell, sharing your technical and product knowledge with customers and other booksellers, contributing to the overall success of your store. • You relate easily to others, building rapport and collaborative relationships with the store team and customers. • You are able to speak with all customers, are a good listener and enjoy working with people. • You are comfortable in a changing environment, with multitasking, and with learning new systems and processes. • You comply at all times with the Standards, Policies, and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics set out in the Bookseller Handbook. • You spend the majority of your time on the selling floor, which requires physical activity, including maneuvering around the store, prolonged standing, repetitive bending, climbing, and lifting. • Our stores are open daily, which requires early morning, evening, weekend, and holiday availability. • You should be capable of using a computer and cash register.