POSITION SUMMARY The Clinical Business Analyst assists and supports Clinical Program Management with the delivery of clinical products and services to clients. Under general supervision, performs the primary functions of clinical data analysis, financial modeling, trend evaluation, and participation in project management. This position develops skill sets necessary for clinical strategy planning, development, consultation, presentation, implementation, and ongoing management of clinical programs and services. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Assist with assigned business division projects. (e.g., reviews and detects medication utilization and plan design trends, where findings are applied to client-specific clinical strategies and within the scope of utilization management initiatives) Supports formulary modeling and plan design analysis, in the context of building experience toward developing clinical strategies and business plans for existing and prospective clients. Works with clinical program management staff to successfully plan and implement clinical products and services on behalf of new and existing clients in support of business division work plan goals and objectives. Works together with Sales/Marketing, Finance/Underwriting, Clinical and other organization departmental staffs in support of business division work plan goals and objectives. Participates in formal and informal training programs and professional development activities. Effectively participates in and contributes to staff meetings, committees and departmental work groups. QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent work experience; BS in Pharmacy preferred. 2-5 years of relevant experience; PBM experience preferred. Proficiency in Microsoft applications preferred but not required. Knowledge of pharmacy laws and regulations. Proven leadership and ability to build strong team cohesion. Ability to evaluate current state and analyze possible solutions in business workflow. Detail oriented with strong organizational skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to adapt in a dynamic work environment learns quickly, solve problems and make decisions. Able to work under pressure and meet tight deadlines. ABOUT THE DEPARTMENT As a member of the Sales and Account Management team, you will serve as the face of Express Scripts for our clients. When team members aren’t out winning new business, they are focused on managing relationships and retaining current clients. ABOUT EXPRESS SCRIPTS Advance your career with the company that makes it easier for people to choose better health. Express Scripts is a leading healthcare company serving tens of millions of consumers. We are looking for individuals who are passionate, creative and committed to creating systems and service solutions that promote better health outcomes. Join the company that Fortune magazine ranked as one of the "Most Admired Companies" in the pharmacy category. Then, use your intelligence, creativity, integrity and hard work to help us enhance our products and services. We offer a highly competitive base salary and a comprehensive benefits program, including medical, prescription drug, dental, vision, 401(k) with company match, life insurance, paid time off, tuition assistance and an employee stock purchase plan. Express Scripts is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. Applicants must be able to pass a drug test and background investigation. Express Scripts is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor. LI-JR1