The candidate must have experience planning, designing, building, and implementing MDM Solution for a large-scale deployment. This individual must have led major IT deployment efforts and possess deep MDM expertise. Define/Design MDM solution/architecture. Create the MDM implementation roadmap. Lead the MDM application and technical architecture analysis, design, and implementation, and ensure that the product fulfils the requirements. Analysis, design, development and delivery of enterprise-wide Master Data Management solutions Define and review to-be Processes and Governance model. Should be able to design and develop for a robust MDM platform that matches and consolidates key data subject areas. This individual must produce MDM solutions meeting technical specifications and business requirements according to the established designs, participates in MDM design reviews. The proposed candidate must have prior implementation experience with MDM implementation using Informatica MDM Master Data Management (MDM) technical architecture/data modelling MDM thought leader; Ability to interact with both technical and executive stakeholders as needed MDM technical leadership across multiple domains, multiple technical areas: matching/merging/survivorship, data cleansing, workflows, UI, etc. Accountable for technical MDM solution Experience with data governance, data cleansing, and other data management areas Excellent Communication skills - Previous experience dealing with stakeholders of the business etc. Large-scale enterprise implementation experience including architecture and design of modern web, mobile, and integration (cloud/on premise) platforms Excellent verbal and written communications, interpersonal, and analytical skills is required. Experience with Agile development methodology. Ability to interpret functional requirements, perform system analysis, and provide architectural expertise with a focus on Data Architecture Utilize technical and domain knowledge to develop and implement effective software solutions; provide hands on mentoring to team members through all phases of the Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Agile practices Present Architecture deliverables such as Ecosystem and Integration diagrams, ERD, Business Process Flows, Swimlanes, Visios and Mockups Exhibit strong executive presence and ability to interact with key project sponsors Drive operational excellence across the MDM platform Experience in MDM platform including expertise with MDM data models, matching rules, trust frameworks, complex hierarchy relationship management and data governance Basic Qualifications: B.S./M.S. in Computer Science Minimum of 10 years of experience in enterprise integration design, development, and implementation Minimum 5 years of experience working as MDM architect and Solution Architect in a large enterprise ($500M+ annual revenue) Minimum 7 years of experience in a data integration developer or BI developer role. Proficient with Informatica MDM/IDQ (v 10.x) and other suite tools US Citizen or GC Holder Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities. HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.