At Blend, we’re dedicated to improving lending. We’re an enterprise technology company, but our product affects the most significant purchase most people will make in their lifetime—their home. For homebuyers, our product means a clear, guided path to a new home. For lenders, it means modern, easy-to-use tools that let employees spend their time helping customers, rather than on repetitive, manual tasks. By aligning and modernizing this archaic industry, we believe everybody wins. We need someone who’s driven to tackle hard problems—the harder the better. We’re motivated by the fact that our product won’t just affect the lives of a few people in the Bay Area—it affects people all over America, not to mention a foundational part of the U.S. economy. Founded in 2012 by former Palantir leaders, we’re currently backed by Greylock, Founders Fund, Andreessen Horowitz and other prominent investors. As a Security Analyst , you will own and manage the customer & vendor monitoring program at Blend. You will collaborate with internal stakeholders, industry-leading customers, and third-party vendors throughout all phases of a relationship. This means that you’ll work closely with security teams from our partners to assess and monitor cloud solutions used by Blend. Additionally, you’ll help deliver clear messaging to our customers so that they stay informed about how we protect their data. Our goal is to keep a finger on the pulse of Blend security, and you’re a key component for ensuring that we accurately present our security status to partners. Responsibilities Evaluate the information security posture of vendors and partners, and brief the Security Policy team on your recommendations to move forward Respond to due diligence requests from prospective customers, and coordinate activities between multiple Blend teams (Sales, Legal, etc.) Speak confidently and authoritatively to customers about information security controls and techniques used to protect their data Review customer and partner contracts for security compliance implications Develop a reporting pipeline that communicates trends for internal and external requests to the security team Deliver training programs for Blend teams across business and technical functions Provide Blend teams with guidance around security policy implementation, execution, and continuous monitoring Make improvements to security processes and controls that protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of Blend data Requirements BA/BS degree preferred Experience managing customer and vendor relationships Demonstrated ability to automate manual processes through the use of technology Strong time management skills Exposure to cloud-based technologies such as AWS, GitHub, and JIRA Nice to Haves 2+ years of information security experience implementing and managing security controls and policies Security industry certifications (Security+, SSCP, etc.) Exposure to governance frameworks such as COBIT, NIST, ITIL, ISO, NIST, FISMA, FedRAMP, PCI-DSS, HIPAA or HITRUST Working proficiency in Python, Node.js, Go, or other programming languages