Reports to: VP, Business Development - Retail Location: San Francisco, CA Help shape the future of how people experience the digital world. You'll be at the forefront of an exciting shift in how digital identity authentication allows companies and consumers to transact with trust in the digital world. We’re actively looking to add exceptional people to our team who align with how we envision ourselves culturally and professionally. As a lens to how outsiders see Payfone, you will represent a team of people who love what they do and who they work with. Payfone does not currently have an office in San Francisco so this role will be remote from the corporate headquarters. Candidates must be based in the San Francisco area, comfortable working from home, and have the ability to commute to client sites several times per week. POSITION SUMMARY The Solutions Architect will be the key technical advisor to Sales and the Solution Consultants. You will take the client’s business and technical requirements gathered by our Solutions Consultant team and, using Payfone’s suite of products, develop an end-to-end solution to our client’s problems that is actionable by the client’s engineering team and Payfone’s Onboarding team. You will be successful here if you can think outside-the-box and take a creative approach to solving our client’s largest problems. You will work closely with Payfone’s Product and Engineering teams to gain and maintain expert knowledge of the technical aspects of Payfone’s products and capabilities. RESPONSIBILITIES As a member of the Business Development - Retail team, the Solutions Architect is expected to: Write technical specifications and development implementation plans. Respond to technical elements of RFPs. Work closely with our Solutions Consultants to map business and technical requirements to internal, technical solution blueprints. Work closely with the Onboarding team to ensure a client’s integration with Payfone is configured properly. Act as Payfone’s technical stakeholder when engaging with clients. Maintain expert knowledge of the Payfone suite of products. EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s degree in a STEM field. 2-3 years of experience at a B2B SaaS company or tech startup is preferred. Experience working with remote coworkers. Ability to translate technical terms to non-technical stakeholders. Experience with API integrations, SQL, and at least one programming language. Ability to translate technical terms to non-technical stakeholders. Technical writing experience is a huge plus COMPENSATION A compensation package composed of a base salary and equity component will be structured to attract a uniquely qualified candidate. Excellent health benefits are included. ABOUT PAYFONE Payfone is the leading digital identity authentication network for the connected world. Our real-time, passive identity authentication solutions enable consumers and the world’s largest banks, insurers, brokerages and technology companies to thwart digital identity theft and transact with trust. Learn more at http://www.payfone.com and https://www.linkedin.com/company/payfone. This position description should not be considered the final description of the position. It should be assumed that we would, to some extent, structure responsibilities in accordance with the successful candidate’s capabilities and changing business conditions. Payfone is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people regardless of race, color, religion, gender or sexual orientation, age, marital status, national origin, citizenship status, disability, veteran status or other personal characteristics. No employment sponsorship will be provided.