As a Product Quality Manager at Bowers & Wilkins, you will be responsible for the product quality of our Active/Connected Audio/Video products. You will interact closely with cross-functional teams such as HW Engineering, Product Design, Quality, Reliability, Operations and Logistics. This position is based in Redwood City, CA, we are not considering candidates not immediately available to start work in the area. Responsibilities: Project manage Cross-Functional Quality Team Deliverables in the areas of HW Quality Assurance, Reliability, Safety & Compliance, Supplier Quality and Factory Quality Control. Support the Development and Continuous Improvement of our Quality Management System. Chair periodic Quality Management Reviews consisting of Cost of Quality, Voice of Customer, Failure Analysis and Factory Quality data. Participate in Lessons learned process. Manage quality escalations and drive quality issue resolution. Develop Product Quality Plan and ensure its execution. Partner with Engineering and Quality Assurance teams to define design verification and product validation testing requirements. Develop and Execute an Ok2Ship Process for New Products Manage the Early Field Failures Analysis Process Define Key Quality Metrics and utilize analytics to present a clear picture of product health in the field. Support new product development builds at factory as required. Key Requirements: 7+ years’ experience in high volume consumer electronics manufacturing. Certified Quality Engineer, Six Sigma Black Belt is preferred. Familiar with DOE, DFMEA, SPC, Sampling Plans. Fluency in Mandarin is a plus but not required. Decisive and effective at issue tracking and resolution. Solid interpersonal skills. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Experience presenting to product teams and stakeholders. Ability to travel internationally to US, UK, Taiwan approximately 25%. Bachelor degree in Electrical, Mechanical, Manufacturing Engineering or equivalent. Compensation: A competitive cash compensation package is associated with this position. In addition, Restricted Stock Units have been reserved for this position. Perks: 401(k) Plan Health, Dental and Vision benefits without any out of pocket costs $150 monthly gym reimbursement Catered lunches, and a variety of free snacks and drink Discounted Bowers & Wilkins premium products