Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The Partnerships team at Facebook works with leading content creators, publishers, and businesses in entertainment, sports, news, and many other verticals. This role is a unique opportunity to work with one of the most important datasets in the world. In this role you will oversee the process that creates, iterates, enforces and coordinates the policies and processes on which we base the internal and external usage/access of data for the Partnerships Organization. Your primary responsibility will be to create and manage a process for lots of product teams to plug into to ensure proper use of data and metrics across Partnerships. RESPONSIBILITIES Develop the philosophies and corresponding policies we use to govern access and use of data (internal & external). Manage a process across stakeholders to review metrics (new and old) and data use permissions. Run cross-functional process to ensure we have efficient and definitive answer on metric/data to maintain the integrity of our policies while enabling speed of execution. Work cross-functionally to define problems and organize data stakeholders to drive to resolution and decisions. From time to time, oversee completion or project manage until resolved. Be a representative to other data teams and educate them about our work & to unify policies to create a 1 FB data approach. Develop training and work across regions and teams to educate the entire partnerships org on Data usage best practices to up-level data integrity for everyone. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 12+ years experience in data policies Experience running cross-functional, cross product initiatives 5+ years’ experience in data related projects, education and/or execution Executive experience, including experience with VP/C level to educate and progress data policy related initiatives PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Strong communication skills Ability to work independently and specific ability to problem solve with little direction