BTG is a growing international specialist healthcare company. Our mission is to bring to market medical products that meet the needs of specialist healthcare physicians and their patients. We have an exciting opportunity for a Business Analytics Manager at our US Headquarters in West Conshohocken, PA. The Business Analytics Manager will use their expertise in quantitative analysis to provide reporting and analytics services to key business functions supported by members of the Commercial Operations team. This individual will combine their passion for data analysis with the ability to synthesize meaningful insights to the business to help drive commercial sales and marketing success. Further, this individual will promote analytical best practices and innovative methods creating a center of excellence to solving business problems and identify commercial opportunities. Principal Responsibilites Partner with internal business customers to develop analyses that leads to actionable insights. Contribute to presentations for senior management. Create elegant and user friendly reports and ad-hoc analyses where appropriate. Understand business goals and develop analytical solutions to be able to make informed business decisions. Work closely with our business intelligence and data warehouse team within Commercial Operations to translate business requirements into technical specifications. Combine data from multiple sources (SQL databases, Excel files, flat files, etc.) into integrated views that can be used to drive analysis and decision making. Develop and promote analytical best practices within the company. Review existing approaches and provide feedback. Become an expert on internal/external data sources, ensuring data accuracy when using them. Research and apply techniques for advanced analysis. Propose new ideas for adoption to the Director of Commercial Operations & Analytics. Responsible for performance assessment and reporting on key product performance and field execution metrics. (Audience is both internal sales and brand management as well as field members) Other duties as required. _The above duties and responsibilities are not an exhaustive list and you may be required to undertake any other reasonable duties compatible with your experience and competencies. This description may be varied from time to time to reflect changing business requirements._ Education and Experience BA/BS is required in an analytical discipline such as statistics, economics, finance, mathematics etc. 3-5 years of pharmaceutical / healthcare medical device experience is required Strong SQL and Excel skills, including hands-on experience writing SQL queries Effective communication with both technical teams and business functions including written communication, such a writing business and technical requirements Proven track record of high performance, innovative approaches to quantitative analysis, and ability to multi-task Experience with utilization and dashboard development with business intelligence applications such as Spotfire, Tableau etc. Skills and Attributes Should have handled IMS database; proficient with data sources / IMS health products Strong understanding of marketing execution, KPIs and associated data; statistical testing; and test/pilot design; also understands advanced promotion optimization techniques including segmentation, market mix modeling, regression analysis and predictive modeling Experience with incentive compensation design and administration to include: Plan design - modeling & simulation Administration and plan execution oversite Payout calculation validation Plan health check reporting Proficiency with Microsoft suite of tools Positive, people-oriented, and energetic attitude Excellent strategic thinking capabilities with ability to synthesize large amounts of information and logically structure PowerPoint deliverables Strong Experience with CRM applications Excellent communication, interpersonal and influencing skills Strategic thinking and detail oriented Project management skills and demonstrated ability to work collaboratively