Sodexo is honored to continue its partnership with Fairview Health Services as together we pursue Fairview's vision of driving a healthier future. It is an exciting time to join Sodexo's Fairview Health Services Team, and if you are energized by change, then it is a fantastic time to be part of this dynamic partnership. The Patient Service Manager 1 provides operational leadership at Fairview's Riverside Campus. Operationally this position will oversee the Patient service program, and work closely with the Clinical Nutrition Program as well as Retail and Culinary Solutions to achieve their goals. This leader will work in partnership with Nursing to support Fairview's efforts to embrace innovation and new thinking for driving a healthier future for our patients. The Patient Services Manager will oversee the day to day operations of patient dining and oversight over the call center that supports the Fairview system. Working in partnership with Nursing to develop and bring creative ideas for ensuring a best in class patient and guest experience. The Campus consists of a 150 bed Acute Care unit and a 250 bed Behavioral Care unit. The account is running a combination of AYR (At Your Request room service) and traditional Tray-line. The best qualified candidate is professional with a collaborative mindset, commitment to operational excellence standards, a willingness to coach and develop staff, openness to change and attentive with a responsive communication style that will encourage success in this position. Technical skills will include high levels of proficiency with data analysis, Microsoft Office, menu planning & forecasting processes, and understanding of safe food handling practices, qualities, and standards (e.g. HACCP forms, temperature logs, safety audits, inventory management, etc.) Additionally, the Patient Services Manager will appreciate the importance of partnering with hospital leaders and employees in other departments to exceed expectations of patients and guests. Provides direction for patient meal services at patient care units to ensure customer satisfaction and retention for the Company. Key Duties Directs daily operations of patient meal services at patient care units to ensure employees have appropriate equipment, inventory and resources to perform their jobs and meet goals and deadlines. Supervises day-today work activities by delegating authority, assigning, scheduling, and prioritizing activities and monitoring operating standards. Establishes operating standards, implements quality improvements and communicates them to employees. Performs audits and prepares reports Basic Education Requirement - Associate's Degree Sodexo is an EEO/AA/Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran employer.