About Capgemini A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 200,000 team members in over 40 countries. The Group reported 2017 global revenues of EUR 12.8 billion (about $14.4 billion USD at 2017 average rate). Visit us at http://www.capgemini.com/. People matter, results count. Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant -http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law Qualifications Wintel Admin: Minimum 8-9 years of experience is required Provide engineering solutions for various infrastructure projects. Administer and ensure optimal operation and configuration of all systems including but not limited to physical and virtual Windows Servers, Storage, Backup, Disaster Recovery Replication, Monitoring. Provide operational support of Microsoft technologies including AD, O365, SCCM, SCOM, DHCP, DNS/WINS, Group Policy and ADSI. Windows Server 2008/2012 administration. Responsible for patch management, application software delivery and release management. Responsible for daily operations of Windows based servers running in a mixed physical and virtual (VMware ESX) environment. Understanding and hands-on expertise in working with MS System Center components. Responsible for working with security architects to manage vulnerability within the environment. Create and update systems documentation. Identify and implement preventative maintenance and performance optimization solutions to meet operational objectives. Must be self-motivated and ability to work both as a team member and independently to complete assignments. Tracking, Achieving & Reporting agreed SLA & OLA. Overall responsible for Governance, Quality, Compliance and Project Management. Responsible for managing people, process and technology. Managing stake holders communication. Deployment of best practices and continuous improvement initiatives. Involves researching, developing, innovating and delivering effective and consistent solutions to support the infrastructure systems ensuring the application of current and emerging technologies. Day to Day responsibilities: System Monitoring; Installation Services and Management; OS administration; User Administration; Application Software support; Facilities Management; Security Services; Back-up Services; Hardware services/management; Documentation/Regulatory requirements; Remotely managed servers overseas, including o System Monitoring; o OS administration; User administration; o Application Software support; o Security Management; o Back-up Services (monitoring only); o Hardware Services (advisory). Developing and implementing service improvements; Attending with Active ownership of DR rehearsals; Monthly Reporting; Designing and implementing Ad-hoc project work requests; On-call cover and out of hours support. Qualification: Engineering or equivalent degree Should be proficient in Technology Solution Design Candidates should be flexible / willing to work across this delivery landscape which includes and not limited to Agile Applications Development, Support and Deployment.