Provide support for architecture discipline as defined by departmental requirements. Provide overall direction, guidance, definition and facilitation for the development of architecture required to meet business strategies and goals. Identify, support, and analyze the enterprise’s business drivers, IT strategies, and current IT environment and recommend solutions to improve, develop, and align IT to the business. Work as a team lead or internal consultant on multiple highly complex projects/programs/domains that require in-depth technical knowledge of two or more specific discipline areas such as security, information/data, or systems. Analyze information to evaluate the effectiveness of controls, determine the accuracy of reports, and monitor the efficiency and security of operations. Develop, review and communicate policies, standards, guidelines and procedures. Promote the IT Architecture process, outcomes and results. Participate in the domain’s architecture governance process. Review exceptions and make recommendations to architectural standards at a domain level. Analyze the current architecture to identify weaknesses and develop opportunities for improvements. Consult with domain/project/program teams to ensure compatibility with existing solutions, infrastructure and services. Provide direction for the design of systems. Provide strategic consultation to clients and IT teams. Work with business leaders to understand business requirements and help them understand how technology tradeoffs influence strategy. Consult on business-facing projects and maintain knowledge of their progress. Sell the architecture process. Keep IT technology and delivery managers aware of key customer issues, identifying and resolving potential programs and conflicts. Coordinate architecture implementation and modification activities. Ensure the conceptual completeness of the technical solution. Work closely with project management to ensure alignment of plans with what is being delivered. Provide recommendations based on business relevance, appropriate timing and deployment. Recommend expenditures based on the size, scope, and cost of hardware and software components. Develop, motivate, and mentor IT members to create a team environment. Provide leadership, coaching and mentoring to less-experienced team members. Other duties may be assigned. INFORMATION/DATA DEPARTMENTAL REQUIREMENTS Develop and maintains data standards, policies and practices. Develop the enterprise-wide guidelines and standards for cataloging and maintaining data repositories. Maintain the integrity of the enterprise-wide data model by ensuring that data design and transformation procedures are implemented and followed. Guide the design of the data models, across multiple data types in alignment with solution architecture. Ensure compliance with data governance practices, which may include a data model, associated metamodel, common business vocabulary, ontologies and taxonomies. Ensure regulatory issues are considered surrounding information assets such as consumer privacy laws, data retention policies, outsourced data and specific industry guidelines are adhered to. Facilitate the mapping and audit-ability of information assets. Qualifications EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE Bachelor's degree in related field preferred. Seven (7) years of experience in multiple IT areas with two (2) years of relevant domain experience (data, network, application, systems, etc.) required. Advanced to expert level knowledge and understanding of architecture, application design, systems engineering and integration required. DEPARTMENTAL PREFERENCES 10+ years of relevant work experience with data architecture in a very large database (VLDB) environment 6+ years of hands-on experience with Healthcare data and knowledge of industry standard data models Expert in understanding current state data architecture and creating future state solutions. Demonstrated expert competence with flattened, normalized and dimensional data modeling techniques for both structured and unstructured data, and the ability to effectively apply these techniques to complex business solutions Demonstrated knowledge of Enterprise Information Management approaches, including data migration and integration strategies Subject matter expertise in the areas of Big Data, Hadoop, Cube building and self-service reporting and Virtualization Highly proficient in the implementation and use of data modeling and metadata management tools Experience utilizing advanced SQL query techniques for ad hoc queries, reports and complex data analysis Expert in creating optimal data solutions for both big data environment and RDBMS Experience in implementing TOGAF OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES Ability to accomplish goals through self-motivation, decision making, critical and strategic thinking to analyze situations fully and accurately, and reach productive decisions. Extensive experience with client relationship management to determine and satisfy client needs and maintain a partnering relationship through communicating, presenting, facilitating, managing others. Consulting knowledge to provide technical or business guidance both internally and externally. Ability to develop new ideas and initiatives that improve the performance of the organization. Extensive knowledge and experience with products and services to apply appropriately to diverse situations. _All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other grounds, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, gender identity, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability._ Job Information Technology Primary Location Detroit Organization IM & Prov Systems-7112 Schedule Full-time