Nature of Work The City of Everett is currently accepting applications for the appointive position of Police Crime Analyst . Under the general supervision of a Police Supervisor, the Police Crime Analyst performs a variety of strategic, tactical, and administrative duties relating to the systematic process of collecting, categorizing, analyzing, and disseminating timely, accurate, and useful information that describes crime patterns, crime trends, and potential suspects. Work requires performance of research which may include statistical, information and data processing/analysis. The Police Crime Analyst may work with officers, managers and police administrators in gathering information and providing analyses, reports, evaluations and recommendations. Work is reviewed for effectiveness via analysis of projects, reports, and results. For a full description of this position, please see the class specification on the City's Website. ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS A combination of education and related experience may substitute for education requirements. Bachelor's Degree in Business, Public Administration, Behavioral Science, Community Planning, Mathematics, Systems Analysis or a related field. Work in police related field is desirable. PHYSICAL DEMANDS/WORKING CONDITIONS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Work is performed primarily in an office environment under pressure and requires the ability to quickly adjust to changing priorities and demands. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit and use a keyboard. Travel by various modes of private and commercial transportation within the region may be required. Occasional fieldwork may be required. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS Successful completion of a polygraph examination, psychological evaluation, fingerprints and extensive background investigation. Obtain FBI security clearance. HOW TO APPLY Application materials may be accessed via http://www.everettwa.gov/careers. All applicants are required to complete and submit the following: The standard City of Everett Application Form A cover letter and résumé (not to exceed two pages) A copy of degree stated in application Application materials must be submitted through the City's online application system by 5:00 p.m. on August 27, 2018 to be considered. LATE, INCOMPLETE, FAXED, OR EMAILED APPLICATIONS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. IMPORTANT NOTES This process is designed to sample and measure the requisite knowledge, skills, and abilities. FILING OPENS : August 9, 2018 FILING CLOSES: August 27, 2018 OPEN/COMPETITIVE D18038 APPOINTIVE