DEPARTMENT OF ECONOMIC SECURITY _Providing Opportunity, Assistance and Care for Arizonans in need!_ ARIZONA MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (AMS): All Arizona state employees operate within the Arizona Management System (AMS), an intentional, results-driven approach for doing the work of state government whereby every employee reflects on performance, reduces waste, and commits to continuous improvement with sustainable progress. Through AMS, every state employee seeks to understand customer needs, identify problems, improve processes, and measure results. State employees are highly engaged, collaborative and embrace a culture of public service. Information Security Analyst Division of Employment and Rehabilitation Services 3443 N. Central Ave., Suite 1500 Phoenix, AZ 85012 www.azdes.gov JOB SUMMARY: We are seeking an experienced data security professional. This position is responsible for monitoring and executing information security agreements, policies and procedures. JOB DUTIES: Ensures that sharing of data is done in compliance with all legal and regulatory requirements and with proper contractual safeguards Receives inquiries regarding data sharing agreement options, policies and practices Monitors cost recovery for accuracy and timely completion, including coordinating invoicing of payments Assists with program audits related to data sharing agreement activity Analyzes and implements information security policies KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Understanding of data security practices Knowledge of data sharing policy, security, legal requirements, regulatory requirements, and administrative requirements. Skillful at researching regulatory and data security policies and apply data sharing directives Experience handling information security system requests. Experience with directives and practices required to prepare internal and external data sharing agreements Strong analytical skills and problem solving skills Familiarity with State and Federal security regulations and requirements Proficient at multitasking and time management SELECTIVE PREFERENCE(S): Associate’s degree and 3 years of experience in information security analysis PRE-EMPLOYMENT REQUIREMENTS: A Level One Clearance Card from the Arizona Department of Public Safety is required to perform the duties and responsibilities of this position, in accordance with A.R.S.41-1968. A Level Once Clearance Card can be applied for upon acceptance of a job offer Successfully complete the Electronic Employment Eligibility Verification Program (E-Verify), applicable to all newly hired State employees Successfully pass background and reference checks. Employment is contingent upon completion of the above-mentioned process and the agency’s ability to reasonably accommodate any restrictions BENEFITS: The Department of Economic Security offers a comprehensive benefits package to include: Sick leave Vacation with 10 paid holidays per year Health and dental insurance Retirement plan Life insurance and long-term disability insurance Optional employee benefits include short-term disability insurance, deferred compensation plans, and supplemental life insurance RETIREMENT: Positions in this classification participate in the Arizona State Retirement System (ASRS). Please note, enrollment eligibility will become effective after 27 weeks of employment. CONTACT US: If you have any questions please feel free to contact 602-542-3807 for assistance. _Persons with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation such as a sign language interpreter or an alternative format by contacting 602-364-3981. Requests should be made as early as possible to allow time to arrange the accommodation. Arizona State Government is an AA/EOE/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer._