What does a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist do? The Best Buy Customer Service Specialist provides fast, accurate and friendly processing for all customer transactions at Checkout, Customer Service and Store Pickup while providing velocity solutions to customers. Develops strong relationships with customers while becoming a trusted advisor and partner in assisting them in making technology more functional in their lives. Partners with other employees to ensure customers' end-to-end needs are met and that no customer is left unserved or underserved. Utilizes all relevant sales tools to drive profitable growth and exceed department and individual goals. Helps answer questions and resolve customer issues. Job responsibilities include: Flex as coverage between Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service as necessary Accountable for driving positive NPS results at Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service. Maintain professional communication with customers and peers while using cross-functional company resources and tools. Engage customers using soft skills while solving issues, providing end-to-end solutions with fast and accurate processing of transactions. Ensure Front of Store cleanliness and merchandising standard execution. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.