Job: Engineering Primary Location: United States-California-US-CA-Sunnyvale Schedule: Full-time Requisition ID: 181792 Description Company Description: Who is Intuitive Surgical? The numbers tell an amazing story. Learn more about our company. Joining Intuitive Surgical means joining a team dedicated to using technology to benefit patients by improving surgical efficacy and decreasing surgical invasiveness, with patient safety as our highest priority. Primary Function of Position: Design, execute, and provide analysis for surveys, experiments, and studies. Must develop processes for the survey collection that is scalable and brings in relevant data that can help highlight candidate/employee sentiments and any challenges in the process. Working closely with supporting teams to manage the sampling process, translations, invitations, data induction, and reporting tool Testing/QA for all changes to existing surveys, invitations, and reporting, across all countries, languages, and platforms. Monitoring performance of the survey systems, and working to quickly address any issues. Develop innovative ways to extract the data periodically and develop dashboards Leverage experience with inferential statistics to complete complex analysis on survey results (e.g., regression, correlation). Aggregate HR management information reports and provide other ad-hoc analytics as required. Work proactively and independently with HR and business stakeholders to perform analysis of relevant workforce metrics, uncover and interpret trends in data, and produce substantiated recommendations. Communicate analytical findings to non-technical audiences in a way that influences HR and business leadership on decision making. Develop training and support materials to inform HR and business stakeholders. Support HR Management in developing relevant HR metrics to ensure continuous alignment of the design of all HR programs with organizational objectives and track progress against the organization's and HR's strategies. Create other data analysis as needed. Roles and Responsibilities: Collaborate with Talent Acquisition, Talent Development or our Internal Communications team to develop the right surveys Administer surveys, collect feedback and share insights with business partners Assess customer requests and determine where to find the data needed to respond to their HR-focused business questions. Collaborate on some data extraction, validation and analysis requirements alongside the Data Experts. Meet with front line manager who claims to have an absenteeism issue on his team. After asking the right questions, you determine that the problem may be stemming from work overload and make a note to examine your workforce intelligence application for trends and evidence that could support hiring more resources for this team. It’s time to sit down with a Data Expert to determine the right algorithm for a particularly complicated analysis that involves combining data from several HR systems. At different points of the day, you will be having conversations with various stakeholders to learn what’s going on in the business. What new challenges are being faced? What new goals have been set? Qualifications Skill/Job Requirements o MS in I/O psychology with 2+ years of experience or a Ph.D in I/O psychology with 1+ years of experience. o Because you interpret HR problems with business outcomes in mind, you are able to seek out and pull the right data from appropriate workforce and business sources. In conjunction with Data Experts, you will develop the algorithms and processes that go beyond simple metrics and use strategic analysis to tell a vivid, engaging story in the language of the business. You will work with workforce planners to provide them with the organizational context they need to make accurate plans and models. o A savvy communicator , you know how to coach managers and other business leaders on the proper way to frame their HR problems. You don’t settle for the first answer or explanation. Instead, you dig deep to identify the root cause of their workforce issues and provide fact-based solutions that are directly aligned with business objectives. o You are forward-thinking \- a champion for predictive analytics - and outside-looking - you make it a point to stay plugged into what’s happening to competitors, customers, and the global marketplace. You are able to accurately assess risk, forecast both long and short-term outcomes, and evaluate the implications in a complex business environment. o You have strong technical skills - o Experience with advanced analytical techniques (e.g., correlation, decision trees, regression, unstructured data analysis) preferred o Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau is preferred o Experience with Python to analyze survey unstructured data is a plus o Proficiency with R Studio is a plus o Willingness to learn and humble attitude is required We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in accordance with fair chance laws. LI-CR1