Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world with total assets of over $2.4 trillion (as ranked by SNL Financial, April 2016) and 140,000 colleagues in nearly 50 countries. In the U.S., we’re 13,000 strong, working together to positively impact every customer, organization, and community we serve. We achieve this by delivering on our values, putting people first, fostering long-term relationships built on honesty and mutual understanding, and inspiring the best in each other. This is all part of our inclusive, high-performing culture supported by Total Rewards that include our cash balance pension plan. Join a team that’s working to fulfill its vision to be the world’s most trusted financial group. Job Summary: Responsible for the organization and control of day to day operations. Under the guidance of Data Center Manager responsible for facility projects including but not limited to provisioning, inventory control, systems repair, shipping / receiving, and infrastructure management. The position utilizes a host of monitoring hardware and software products to facilitate problem identification and rapid recovery of systems and network entities that may impact the Bank customers. This position requires knowledge in the areas of Mainframe, Unix, Linux, Sun systems as well as network environments. Major Responsibilities: Performs work that is complex and varied in nature. Defines and discerns key aspects of a problem and develops an integrated solution within a broad technical and business context of significant impact. May provide guidance/training to more junior staff. (level C) Responsible for ensuring system integrity and networking level services in an ever-changing environment. 20% - Position is required to have a thorough understanding of all the major systems running in the data center so as to be able to recommend proper deployment procedures and operational guidelines. 50% - Implement processes and procedures for all major data center operations including but not limited to; daily monthly monitoring of critical infrastructure, receipt and disposal of systems and equipment, deployment and changes to systems within the data center, regular inventory including add/move updates and regular audits. 20% - Responsible for insuring that the data center core services (Power, HVAC, security, etc.) meet all established SLA targets. Assist in problem resolution for any issues or upgrades necessary to maintain the center at acceptable SLA levels. Assist in coordination of timely problem resolution of system errors for any systems running within the center while meeting established SLA's. Responsible for analysis and troubleshooting of high severity problems and directing corrective action as needed, following established guidelines. Coordinate installation of changes and upgrades to systems and hardware. Ensure the environment is clean, safe and professional at all times. Responsible for maintaining detailed floor plans and keeping management aware of all available. 10% - Participate and lead change process to review, validate and communicate changes within the facility, network, systems and/or applications that may affect the integrity of systems. Qualifications: Work Experience Typically has 3 to 5 years of IT work experience. Requires a high level of expertise in multiple system environments. Education; Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field. Or equivalent work experience. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified.