We are looking for a well-rounded full-stack developer to work on our new, cutting-edge system that provides industry-leading, healthcare-focused workflows for clinical trials, including recruitment and study conduct. About Us Elligo Health Research offers the only platform that brings clinical research to physician practices, accelerating the development of new pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device products and therapies. Our Goes Direct™ approach uses state-of-the-art elliGO DIRECT™ technology to compliantly leverage current electronic health record data and applies a proprietary, prescreening process to match protocol-eligible patients for participation in clinical studies. It is our mission to support health care providers by providing personnel, procedures, technology and infrastructure for clinical research, enabling patients to participate in research while remaining under the care of their own trusted physician. Job Responsibilities In this role, you will be: Developing, testing and supporting our new system, primarily in the MEAN stack (MongoDB, AngularJS, Express, and Node JS) Supporting other tools and components, built with Java, PostGRES, Redis, RabbitMQ and Elasticsearch. Writing and executing unit tests for your code. Helping QA to write integration and system tests. Participating in sprint planning and code reviews. The users of our platform are Elligo staff and physicians we partner with. Since you will be working alongside your users, you will need to work with them to understand and develop solutions for the problems they encounter. Required Skills and Qualifications You should be: Excited at the prospect of transforming clinical trial workflows Experienced 3+ years developing web applications Fluent in JavaScript, Node JS, HTML and CSS Experienced in databases, preferably including NoSQL Comfortable writing unit tests Experienced at working with a full engineering and QA team Excellent at debugging and troubleshooting Excellent at meeting deliverables and timelines that you set Preferred Qualifications We prefer you have: Worked with sensitive secure data, like health records Deployed on a cloud services provider Developed dashboards and reports Practiced Agile software development Worked with a responsive web framework Written SQL queries Worked with Java