WeTrust builds decentralized financial applications (savings/lending, insurance) on the blockchain and aims to improve financial inclusion on a global scale. Our mission is to serve the 2 Billion unbanked and use blockchain to solve Big Problems. If what is described in the article about "Big Problems" resonates with you, read on. WeTrust’s mission is to improve financial inclusion on a global scale through use of blockchain technology. Inspired by this article about the "unexotic underclass" http://miter.mit.edu/the-unexotic-underclass/ - the founders embarked on this journey and raised money from a crowdfunding campaign. The company is now on the path towards leveraging blockchain technology to improve access to safe, fairly priced, and basic financial products. We are now looking for like minded individuals to join our mission, and this excitement and growing movement. WeTrust is hiring a Business & Operations Analyst to help with all activities non-technical, ranging from operations, marketing, customer development, event planning, recruiting, etc... you name it. You’ll be responsible for planning, executing, and iterating on workstreams in a fast paced startup environment. You will be in the trenches working with the founders, customers, and internal stakeholders. You will be expected to draw insight from analysis, and then zoom out to develop compelling, synthesized recommendations. Taking strategy one step further, you also persuasively communicate your recommendations to leadership, roll-up your sleeves to help drive implementation and check back-in to see the impact of your recommendations. Lastly and very importantly, you are someone who is passionate about blockchain technology, and find yourself reading whitepapers and researching the technical details in your free time and on weekends. Responsibilities Structure complex, ambiguous business issues for WeTrust's executive team. Gather and analyze large amounts of information quickly, effectively and develop compelling, insightful recommendations. Lead execution against recommendations quickly and with flawless accuracy. Willing to wear many different hats, with the mentality that no task is beneath you Qualifications BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 2+ years of experience in management consulting Intense passion for keeping up-to-date on all things blockchain, including whitepapers! Excellent problem-solving, organizational and analytical skills. Preferred Qualifications 4 years of relevant work experience. Experience at a management consulting firm, corporate strategy organization or technology-focused banking organization. Early stage company experience. Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills, with impeccable business judgment. Effective modeling and presentation skills.