Job Description: Summary The QA Clerk I reports to the Operations Manager and is responsible for assisting in the oversight of the CSC’s efforts in managing overall expectations pertaining to quality standards, costs, resources and training. This position will assist with delivery against QA/training goals and objectives, by monitoring calls/emails, assisting with new hire training, and reporting resulting data to the Operations Manager. Essential Functions This position includes, but is not limited to following functions: Responsible for working with management staff to identify and address issues related to performance standards established for the CSC. Responsible for promoting quality achievement and performance improvement throughout the organization. Assists with monitoring adherence to ETC’s Security Policy Promote positive work environment by establishing rapport and initiating relationships with CSC and colleagues. Work with CSC management staff in identifying problems in accordance with organizational goals; helps to implement tasks and solutions developed by the management team Recommend changes to improve efficiency and effectiveness based on review of operational statistics; reports to the Operations Manager on team accomplishments, achievements and productivity. Document and assist with ensuring customer issues have been successfully resolved. Document new procedures and keep existing procedures up to date Participates in the design of call/email monitoring formats and quality standards. Performs call/email monitoring and provides actionable data to the CSC management team to ensure compliance with CSC regulations, and that excellent customer service and accurate information is provided in a courteous and professional manner. Participates in call/email calibration sessions for CSR staff and provides feedback to call center supervisors and managers. Assists with CSC floor support and call escalations as needed Assists with New Hire Training focusing on locating the information in the RITE system to assist customers Assists with on the job training for new hires, including summarizing the daily trends and issues Identifies training needed to address competency gaps Develops training aids such as manuals and handbooks Maintain an above average attendance record. Work Environment (outside, indoors, noise level, lighting or other work conditions) This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines. Physical Demands (like bending, sitting, kneeling, lifting, driving etc.) This is a largely a sedentary role; however, some filing is required. This would require the ability to lift files, open filing cabinets and bend or stand as needed. Required Experience: Qualifications / Requirements High school diploma or equivalent required. 2 year degree preferred or equivalent combination of education and experience. Minimum 2 years in high-volume CSC or similar environment. 1 -2 years experience with instruction or training Strong process, analytical and organizational skills Strong verbal, presentation, and written communication skills Understanding of effective human communication, interactions, and dynamics Strong time-management, listening and problem-solving skills Demonstrated productivity in a team environment, focusing on customer satisfaction Highly developed sense of integrity and commitment to operational excellence. Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. Electronic Transaction Consultants provides equal opportunity to all employees and applicants for employment, promotions, and transfers without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected characteristics in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Keyword: Quality Assurance Clerk I From: Electronic Transaction Consultants Corporation