Benefits Data Analyst - Health Analytics University of California Office of the President Requisition Number: 20180175 Appointment Type: Personnel Program: Work Hours: Percentage of Time: Organizational Area: Chief Financial Officer-Capital Assets, Strategies and Finance Location: Oakland, CA Posting Salary: Compensation range is $78,000-$91,600 commensurate with experience. Position Summary: The Design and Construction Analyst supports various services and programs within the Capital Assets Strategies and Finance department (CAS &F). Programs include, but aren't limited to, the Capital Programs Institute (CPI), Construction Review Board (CRB), Capital Projects, and the University's Facilities Manual that addresses many UC policies in regards to design, construction, capital planning, and facilities operations. CPI is an collaborative training and professional development program, and open forum format serving the many systemwide UC professionals responsible for planning, executing, and maintaining the University's built environment. CPI events consist of workshops, mini-conferences, meetings, and professional training events which support design, construction, project management and planning staff at UC Campuses. The incumbent facilitates the University's various campus capital programs with best practices, guidelines, policy, and laws, and acts as the an essential team member of CPI. The Design and Construction Analyst performs under the direction of the Director of Construction Services and must be creative, intuitive, organized, and demonstrate strong customer service. Under the general direction, the position also supports the Construction Review Board hearings and assemblies. The incumbent may also support the implementation of the University's planning and design policies and procedures. In addition to taking an active role in improving the services the department provides, responsibilities include document control and development, updating program budgets, and supporting special initiatives associated with University design and construction laws, policies, and guidelines, including maintaining the Facilities Manual, and equivalent tasks as assigned. Special Conditions of Employment: Other Special Conditions of Employment: Job Close Date: Duties Job Requirements How to Apply For complete job description and application instructions, visit: https://jobs.ucop.edu About us The University of California, one of the largest and most acclaimed institutions of higher learning in the world, is dedicated to excellence in teaching, research and public service. The University of California Office of the President is the corporate headquarters to the ten campuses, five medical centers and three Department of Energy National Labs and enrolls premier students from California, the nation and the world. _The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status._ Copyright ©2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved. Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency jeid-0ae751837f150544a367a6ee5edb1f25