The mission of the City of Seattle Human Resources Department is to provide strategic and operational human resource services to meet the City's workforce and organizational needs. Our values reflect our best thinking of how we want to act and interact with customers, consumers, stakeholders and each other: ingenuity, integrity, inclusion, commitment and respect. The Seattle Department of Human Resources Compensation and Classification Unit is seeking qualified candidates to fill one Personnel Analyst opportunity. The Compensation and Classification Unit provides specialized service related to implementation and maintenance of the City's classification and compensation systems and programs. This journey level offers a challenging opportunity to participate in or serve as lead on classification and compensation related projects with citywide impact. Job Responsibilities: Conduct job analysis by analyzing job duties, conducting research and interviews, synthesizing data and analyzing information and determining appropriate position classifications. Based on the job analysis, write formal determination reports and prepare and defend classification recommendations. Provide customer focused service and consultation to City departments often involving hands on support to management and human resources professionals. Utilize technical knowledge and expertise on major aspects of the classification and compensation system involving represented and non-represented bodies of work. Interpret City Personnel Rules and regulations, policies and procedures, ordinances and labor implications. Participate in employee grievance meetings and classification reconsideration and classification appeal meetings which include: preparation and research, explanation of City personnel and classification/compensation policies, procedures and processes, defense of analytical process and resulting determination, and perform follow-up actions necessary for implementation of resolution. Perform work independently, assignments are generally reviewed for outcome and for conformance with policy, procedure and precedents. Requires excellent written and oral communication skills. The ability to write a variety of communications clearly, concisely, and effectively to all levels of employees, as well as the ability to communicate orally to diverse audiences to explain and defend decisions, exchange information, persuade and negotiate. Interpret rules, regulations, policies and procedures for City management and human resources representatives. Qualifications: A baccalaureate degree in human resource management, business or public administration, social sciences, or a related field and two years experience in professional human resources department (or a combination of education, training, or experience which provides an equivalent background required to perform the work of the class). Additional Information: If you have questions, please contact Aisha Foster at Aisha.Foster@seattle.gov. This position is classified as a Personnel Analyst Who May Apply: This position is open to all candidates that meet the minimum qualifications. The City of Seattle values diverse perspectives and life experiences. Applicants will be considered regardless of race, color, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, marital status, disability, religious or political affiliation, age, sexual orientation, or gender identity. The Department encourages people of all backgrounds to apply, including people of color, immigrants, refugees, women, LGBTQ, people with disabilities, veterans and those with diverse life experiences.