Teachers will help scholars learn skills and develop attitudes and appreciations, which will lead them toward the fulfillment of the District’s goals of education. The Integrated Instructional Technology Instructor provides opportunities for scholars to engage in inquiry, in a lab setting, with a focus on project-based learning integration and the technology skills required to enhance learning. This position will be a specialist position to assist and enhance technology systems building-wide for scholars and staff. This position will support Truman campus’s adopted competency-based, project-based model; allowing scholars to demonstrate learning connected to Washington State Standards in a variety of modes. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. This list is meant to be representative, not exhaustive. Some incumbents may not perform all the duties listed while in other cases related duties may also be assigned. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Teach scholars how to use appropriate technologies for their grade level through content integration. Integrate a variety of instructional strategies and competencies content. Establish immediate and long-range objectives which are in accord with District standards and building competencies Prepare effective plans to meet objectives; motivate scholar by making lessons interesting and challenging. Give explanations, reasonable and appropriate assignments, and directions clearly. Organize the classroom setting to contribute to the learning process. Work collaboratively and cooperatively with grade level teams to develop and align competencies, WA Educational Technology Standards, instruction, and interdisciplinary projects. Establish clear parameters for scholar behavior in the classroom. Discipline scholars in a firm and controlled manner. Teach and evaluate scholars’ ability to collaborate, think critically, communicate, and agency. Support school-wide caring culture focused on learning and collaboration with staff and students Demonstrate continued professional development. Develops rapport with scholars as individuals in a professional manner. Participates in extra-curricular responsibilities. Keep current on educational research, trends, and practices. Provide lesson plans for guest teacher. Teaching Demonstrated ability to integrate the projected based model into the building adopted competencies to promote learning. The ability to promote high expectations, demonstrate a caring attitude, and establish a learning environment that enhances academic achievement in the young adolescents. Enthusiasm, flexibility and commitment for scholars to reach high learning standards. Ability to communicate effectively and openly with parents and parent groups. Demonstrated ability to integrate disciplines to maximize learning outcomes and real world connections for scholars. Provide instruction to scholars and parents on internet safety. Tech Integration Support Provide support and structures for effective use of building technology to grade level teams. Mentor teachers on the effective use of technology to enhance and support scholar learning outcomes REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: Education and Experience BA in related subject area ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: Washington State Teacher’s Certificate with appropriate subject area endorsement(s) Experience teaching scholars and mentoring teachers using standards-based grading and reporting philosophy Possess the leadership experience and cognitive coaching ability to promote high expectations, demonstrated a caring attitude, and establish an environment that enhances collaboration and learning. Plans and prepares for the use of available materials, including technology; can describe technology tools that will support and enhance scholar understanding of content standards and competencies. Availability to attend summer PBL training and monthly after school technology integration coach meetings PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Experience working with a diverse community Experience in a competency-based learning environment Experience working with youth facing barriers and needing academic and personal support and resources Experience teaching or coaching using a project-based learning instructional approach at the middle school or high school level CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT: Criminal background clearance Valid Washington State Driver’s License Work scheduled hours on a consistent basis KNOWLEDGE OF: Current trends and practices in education Instructional theory and its application Techniques to motivate Scholar learning via inquiry, discussion, and application of knowledge Organizing the physical and human elements in the educational setting Instructional and non-instructional human dynamics Standards-based instruction and familiarity with Common Core State Standards, Next Generation Science Standards, and WA Educational Technology Standards Computer programs such as circulation systems, databases, word processing, etc. School board policies and procedures ABILITY TO: Use standards-based formative and summative assessment strategies to monitor participant and student growth towards meeting standard and competencies Demonstrate basic knowledge of technology and willingness and ability to increase knowledge to proficiency. Use technology to enhance instruction. Effectively utilize teacher and scholar common software such as Windows 10, Office 365, Canvas, Google Apps, iOS Apps, Camtasia, video editing software, and other emerging technology. Communicate effectively verbally and in writing. Maintain effective working relationships with other people. Organize and set priorities. Work independently with minimal supervision. Adapt instructional materials and strategies to accommodate the wide range of skills. Apply current trends and practices in education. Teach in a co-teaching environment. Be flexible and adaptable to meet scholar needs. Access support resources on and off campus to support scholar needs Connect with community members to gain resources/expertise to support scholar learning Be fair and consistent with all scholars. Provide guidance and assistance to all scholars. Meet responsibilities in a punctual and reliable manner. Comply with school board policies and follow administrative procedures. Practice effective safety and security within individual work routines. Develop and maintain positive customer relations with staff and service providers. Practice ethical and professional standards of conduct including the requirements of confidentiality Relate effectively with parents, staff, Scholars and the public in a multicultural and multiracial community. Perform job responsibilities with or without reasonable accommodations. REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES RELATED TO CULTURAL COMPETENCE AND EQUITY: Knowledge/awareness of own cultural identity and how this influences behavior, and desire to learn about the cultural identity of others. Ability to establish and nurture an environment that promotes cultural competence and equitable treatment of staff, students, and patrons of the District. Ability to understand and hold self and others accountable for promoting the Federal Way Public Schools’ commitment to “Each Scholar: A Voice. A Dream. A Bright Future.” Ability to recognize that each person is a unique individual even as we celebrate their group cultural heritage. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, and walk. The employee frequently is required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to reach above and below their shoulders and bend/twist at the waist. The employee must constantly lift/carry up to 5 pounds and must frequently lift /carry up to 10 pounds. The employee will occasionally lift/carry a maximum of 20 lbs. The employee is occasionally required to push/pull a maximum weight of 100 pounds. WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee regularly works in indoor conditions and regularly works near video display. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. The employee will experience constant interruptions. Dealing with angry and frustrated individuals is a common occurrence. WORK SCHEDULE This position is 1.0 FTE, 180 days per year REPORTING RELATIONSHIP This position reports to, and is evaluated by the building administrator or designee. REPRESENTATION FWEA LEVEL OF COMPENSATION FWEA Salary Schedule CLASSIFICATION HISTORY New position 07/2018 Disclaimer The preceding list is not exhaustive and may be supplemented as necessary. The statements contained herein reflect general details as necessary to describe the principal functions of this job, the scope of responsibility and the level of knowledge and skills typically required, but should not be considered an all-inclusive listing of work requirements, skills or duties so classified. All personnel may be required to perform duties outside their normal responsibilities from time to time as needed. All employment open positions are made available on a nondiscriminatory basis without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, gender, age, disability or veteran status. _Job descriptions are written as a representative list of the_ _ADA essential_ _duties performed by the entire classification. They cannot include, and are not intended to include, every possible activity and task performed by every specific employee._ 0 Email To A Friend Print Version