Role Summary: Design process and systems to support inventory planning and scheduling. Positions requiring advance knowledge of programing in VBA and SQL, ERP (SAP) super user and APICS certified. Essential Responsibilities: In the role of Inventory Data Analyst, you will: Find new insights and trends which will help identify and solve complicated supply chain problems. Collaborate with all areas of the supply chain to identify and understand process improvement opportunities. Expert Skills in MS Excel (VBA). Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Access or SQL server (MS or Oracle). Ability to turn raw data into logical information for reporting. Above average attention to details. Qualifications/Requirements: Bachelor's Degree from an accredited college or university (OR High School Diploma / GED from an accredited school or institution with a minimum 4 years of experience in VBA, Access database, coding or manufacturing planning) Desired Characteristics: Minimum 1 year experience in Programming coding in VBA or Excel and Access data APICS or Material Planning experience SAP Knowledge Lean or six sigma experience Knowledge of coding in SQL Strong oral and written communication skills Strong interpersonal and leadership skills Ability to work independently Strong problem solving skills About Us: Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE:BHGE) is the world’s first and only fullstream provider of integrated oilfield products, services and digital solutions. Drawing on a storied heritage of invention, BHGE harnesses the passion and experience of its people to enhance productivity across the oil and gas value chain. BHGE helps its customers acquire, transport and refine hydrocarbons more efficiently, productively and safely, with a smaller environmental footprint and at lower cost per barrel. Backed by the digital industrial strength of GE, the company deploys minds, machines and the cloud to break down silos and reduce waste and risk, applying breakthroughs from other industries to advance its own. With operations in over 120 countries, the company’s global scale, local know- how and commitment to service infuse over a century of experience with the spirit of a startup – inventing smarter ways to bring energy to the world. Follow Baker Hughes, a GE company on Twitter @BHGECo, or visit us at BHGE.com. GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Locations: United States; Texas; Houston GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening.