THE OPPORTUNITY: This is a great opportunity to join a fun, exciting & highly motivated team and upgrade your skills while creating real impact. We use a modern programming stack and cloud infrastructure. We are not only looking for work experience, but rather the willingness to step up to challenges and the ability to learn quickly. If you're a smart and hard- working individual and thrive in a fast-paced environment, submit a resume and code samples (preferably on GitHub/BitBucket) to apply. THE COMPANY: Active Measure is an insights platform empowering companies to collect and analyze high quality consumer data for better decision making. We utilize cutting-edge technology, out-of-the-box marketing, and innovative strategies to collect and analyze insights which help shape the products and services of tomorrow. THE TEAM: We believe the best software is written by small teams that know how to make the impossible possible. We use agile software development techniques to relentlessly focus our coding efforts on solving our business goals. We use JIRA to track everything we do. We deliver early and often. We obsess over our code and architecture. And we believe that these practices lead to higher code quality. YOU: You have a passion for development, are self-motivated, and enjoy working in a user-focused, highly intelligent, entrepreneurial environment. You must have experience with web development and bring superior programming skills. REQUIREMENTS 5-10 years of modern PHP programming on a large custom code base Solid knowledge of the Design Patterns Experience with Linux Team Player, Must be able to work in a team environment Fluent in English reading/writing/speaking PREFERRED BUT NOT REQUIRED Experience with Laravel or Lumen Experience with building Microservices and RESTful APIs Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) Experience building Big-Data/Analytics applications GitHub or similar environment BENEFITS & PERKS Health, Dental & Vision Insurance Ping Pong Catered lunches, Espressos and Snacks Flexible hours Company outings MacBook Pros Large monitors Overall engaging and fun atmosphere OUR VALUES Honesty & Integrity: We are honest with each other, vendors, customers, and honest with ourselves. We acknowledge things as they are, not as we wish them to be. Commitment to Rational Thinking: Decisions are based on logic and reason - instead of emotions or intuition. Responsibility: We take ownership over the outcome. We share the entrepreneurial spirit and play to win. Excellence: As individuals we have higher expectations for ourselves. We are committed to personal excellence and self improvement. Curiosity: We are curious people that are always learning about new things and investigating new areas: everything from buying novel products at the grocery store to exploring new information technology.