Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions. Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology. Responsibilities Develop high quality, highly available systems within Nest’s architecture. Write clear, maintainable and performant code. Work on projects dealing with real time data synchronization, identity management, large-scale data processing frameworks, video streaming and service endpoints for web, embedded and mobile clients Diagnose problems that arise in a complex distributed environment. Work cross-functionally with Product Marketing, DevOps and Integration Engineering. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience in Software Engineering. 4 years of experience in two or more of the following languages: Scala, Java, C/C++, Python and/or Go. Preferred qualifications: Experience designing, building and debugging distributed systems or backend services. Experience in Web frameworks and digital video and audio codecs. Experience with Linux systems, Java Virtual Machine and cryptographic techniques and security protocols. Experience building Cloud applications. A passion and curiosity for creating and building things. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.