Machine Learning Researcher with a Focus on Deep Reinforcement Learning About the Job PARC is looking for a Machine Learning Researcher to help create the new frontier in Human-Machine Collaboration (HMC). You'll be focused on one of several initiatives, including eXplainable AI, interactive machine learning, machine collaboration, deep learning, reinforcement learning, agent-related analytics, and new ventures, to help PARC invent the future. We value people who can pick up whatever skills are required for creating the future of HMC, and are not constrained to either research or application work. You will: Research new ideas, design experiments, and code reinforcement learning applications to test hypotheses pushing out the scientific frontier. Come up with new algorithms to incorporate human knowledge and interactions in the learning loop Collaborate with other diverse Scientists and Engineers in tempering, crafting, and implementing your scientific and technical visions. Who you are: A PhD in computer science or any other relevant discipline with a focus on machine learning and deep reinforcement learning An expert with new ideas in machine learning, as demonstrated by one or more major publications A builder with the ability to create high-performance implementations of deep learning algorithms, as demonstrated by code implementing your ideas Benefits We offer a very competitive salary package and full benefits (medical, dental, vision, life & disability insurance, 401K. PARC also strives for the best possible work-life balance, so employees benefit from maternity, paternity and adoption leave, as well as a variety of flexible working options. PARC employees enjoy the use of onsite health & fitness center and collegial dining at our onsite cafeteria. The PARC campus is in a spacious modern building in close proximity to the resources and opportunities of Silicon Valley and benefits from nearby leading universities such as Stanford and Berkeley. It is also close to many amenities, top schools, and outdoor activities (see http://www.parc.com/about/culture.html). PARC provides a highly diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer (see http://www.parc.com/about/careers/). About PARC PARC, a Xerox company, is in the Business of Breakthroughs®. Practicing open innovation, we provide custom R&D; services, technology, expertise, best practices, and intellectual property to Fortune 500 and Global 1000 companies, startups, and government agencies and partners. We create new business options, accelerate time to market, augment internal capabilities, and reduce risk for our clients. Since its inception, PARC has pioneered many technology platforms – from the Ethernet and laser printing to the GUI and ubiquitous computing – and has enabled the creation of many industries. Incorporated as an independent, wholly owned subsidiary of Xerox in 2002, PARC today continues the research that enables breakthroughs for our clients' businesses. PARC is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply or compete for employment with PARC should contact PARC Human Resources.