Invenergy drives innovation in energy. Powered by decades of entrepreneurial experience and unparalleled execution, we solve the energy challenges facing our customers and communities. We provide power generation and storage solutions at scale around the world to create a cleaner energy future. We develop. We build. We own. We operate. We are Invenergy. Job Description As a Senior IT Systems Administrator at Invenergy, you will provide proactive systems maintenance to the company’s most critical systems. You will be working in a highly virtualized Microsoft server environment that leverages Hyper-V virtualization, Active Directory, Azure, IaaS and cloud services, Cisco and HP server hardware, Office 365, Skype for Business, NetApp SAN and NAS storage devices, and Cisco-based networks that support highly available enterprise solutions at 40+ locations around the globe with 24/7 operations. Join our team of IT professionals who are proud to work for a company at the forefront of producing energy from renewable and clean energy resources. Responsibilities Proactively maintain server & storage systems, including: Conduct regular OS and application updates/patching Implement/monitor/administer server backups Monitor and manage system capacities and address resource constraints before they become serious problems identify and deliver on other areas of regular proactive maintenance that minimizes unexpected downtime increases system availability and performance Troubleshoot and resolve critical server and storage-related problems as identified by L1 & L2 support, and through responding to automated monitoring alerts, both during business hours and outside of normal business hours, following the company’s incident response and escalation policy Monitor the server support ticket queue for server and storage-related escalation cases from the L1 & L2 support teams Lead disaster recovery failovers for Windows systems and the business applications that run on them Serve as the Microsoft Windows Server, Hyper-V Virtualization, Active Directory, and Microsoft Azure technical authority on the Infrastructure & Operations server team Provide leadership in building process, procedures, and documentation for infrastructure deployments and operational support. This includes defining server build and decommission procedures, documenting server build standards, and drafting infrastructure and/or application architecture diagrams Make recommendations for improving technical process and procedures Participate in projects driven by IT and other business lines requiring IT participation, deployment, and ongoing operational support Participate in the IT Off-Hours support rotation following the company’s incident response and escalation policy Participate in the IT Change Management process and regularly scheduled maintenance windows Collaborate with organization counterparts and department team members including Networking, Business Applications, Service Desk, Security, and the Business Solutions teams Provide technical and career development mentoring and guidance to junior staff Adhere to the company’s values and behaviors while providing competent, proactive support to the company’s server and storage environments and delivering IT solutions Perform other duties as assigned by management Minimum Qualifications Associate’s Degree in an information technology or related field, or demonstrated comparable experience Current and valid MCSE Server Infrastructure or MSCE Cloud Platform & Infrastructure Overall 7-10 years’ experience in a Windows Systems Engineer or Administrator role with in-depth, hands-on experience in the following technology areas: Hyper-V or VMware Virtualization Configuring and administering SAN disks, NetApp preferred System and application monitoring using an enterprise monitoring system Administering ShadowProtect or equivalent enterprise backup system Server OS and/or application updates via System Center Architecting, deploying, and managing solutions in MS Azure Working knowledge of: Lync 2010 or Skype for Business SIP and IP voice communications ADFS 2 and 3 Citrix XenServer NAT, TCP/IP, layer 2 and 3 switching, WAN connectivity Preferred Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in an information technology-related field Additional certifications: MCSA SQL Server or higher, MSCE Communication 6 years hands-on experience in Hyper-V Virtualization Competencies Analytical skills Organizational and planning skills Ability to work alone or in a team setting English written and verbal communication skills Customer service skills About the Infrastructure Technology at Invenergy consists of a modern, cutting edge IT environment running the Microsoft stack and utilizing best of breed hardware and software solutions. The core infrastructure utilizes virtual server technology supporting 550 private and public cloud-based virtual machines and 250 on- premise physical virtualization hosts. Core switching and routing is with industry-best equipment and connected via a hybrid of enterprise MPLS, site- to-site VPNs, and private circuits. We utilize some of the most advanced cyber security tools and approaches available to help keep our environment safe and protected. We employ IaaS and SaaS solutions for rapid and diverse solution delivery. We use virtual desktop infrastructure to power our 24/7 generation operations control center. As we continue to grow, we strategically look for innovative ways to enhance Invenergy’s IT solutions.