Job Description: Job Summary Research, develop and produce financial and management reports, variance analysis, market and strategic business analysis and related projects in support of business development and strategic planning. Analyze market potential and economics underlying new program proposals. Evaluate data; analyze performance of existing programs, develop business plan projections for proposed programs. Develop methodologies for tracking and reporting future actual performance of new programs against plan. Essential Functions Employees must abide by all Joint Commission Requirements including but not limited to sensitivity to cultural diversity, patient care, patients rights and ethical treatment, safety and security of physical environments, emergency management, teamwork, respect for others, participation in ongoing education and training, communication and adherence to safety and quality programs, sustaining compliance with National Patient Safety Goals, and licensure and health screenings. Must perform all duties and responsibilities in accordance with the Service Standards of the Hospital(s). Access and analyze institutional and professional cost and revenue data, market share data and clinical volume data to evaluate and project potential performance and risk associated with multi year business plans for new or expanding business development plans. Conduct market, financial, demographic and clinical utilization research from various software resources to support business development and strategic planning projects and presentations. Coordinate with department staff to develop regular quarterly, semi-annual and annual reports to performance to plan and oversee the production and distribution of these reports. Develop and maintain databases on cost and profitability indicators to track and support program planning and assessment process. Develop detailed, multi-year business plan information for proposed programs including goals, specific actions, timelines, metrics and measures for on-going tracking, investment requirement, and economic performance over time. Document financial planning and market analysis findings including underlying assumptions and key methodology notes. Extract relevant data elements from various systems and other sources for business planning and analysis including clinical volume, facility metrics, reimbursement methods, financial performance/projections, market share, population demographics and projections. Equal Opportunity Employer Stanford Health Care (SHC) strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity and non-discrimination in all of its policies and practices, including the area of employment. Accordingly, SHC does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation or gender identity and/or expression, religion, age, national or ethnic origin, political beliefs, marital status, medical condition, genetic information, veteran status, or disability, or the perception of any of the above. People of all genders, members of all racial and ethnic groups, people with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. Qualified applicants with criminal convictions will be considered after an individualized assessment of the conviction and the job requirements. Qualificiations: Minimum Qualifications Any combination of education and experience that would likely provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities as well as possession of any required licenses or certifications is qualifying. Education: Bachelor's degree in a work-related discipline/field from an accredited college or university Experience: Four (4) years of progressively responsible and directly related work experience Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Ability to conduct analysis and formulate conclusions Ability to make effective oral presentations and prepare concise written reports to a variety of audiences Ability to plan, organize, prioritize, work independently and meet deadlines Ability to solve technical and non-technical problems Ability to work effectively both as a team player and leader Ability to work well with individuals at all levels of the organization Knowledge of computer systems and software used in functional area Knowledge of financial concepts such as capital budgeting, discounted cash flow, financial statement analysis and financial forecasting Knowledge of TSI decision support systems, database and other software tools