Company Overview At Proofpoint, we have a passion for protecting people, data, and brands from today’s advanced threats and compliance risks. We hire the best people in the business to: Build and enhance our proven security platform Blend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architecture Analyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intel Collaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges We are singularly devoted to helping our customers protect what matters most. That’s why we’re a leader in next-generation cybersecurity—and why more than half of the Fortune 100 trust us as a security partner. The Role Proofpoint’s newly formed Email Security Solutions team is on a mission to delight our customers and partners by helping them achieve their business goals. As part of an entrepreneurial team, you will help shape the security of businesses of all sizes. The team will operate as a mini start-up with an entrepreneurial bend to build rapid prototypes and solutions around Proofpoint products. We are a creative and data-driven team, focused on continuous learning about our customers’ needs and behaviors. We care deeply about customer experience, and cherish the insights we uncover through experimentation, analysis and prototyping Your day-to-day As a Full Stack Software Engineer, you will combine software development, security, messaging and networking expertise with an aptitude for customer experience and use cases. You will work alongside solution product manager and other product development teams to design and build solutions in a fast, collaborative process. We will iterate quickly, operate on evidence and evolving as we learn from our experiments. You are biased towards action, pragmatism, and results - tangible outcomes that you can measure. You see things how they should be, not just how they are You are at your best when tackling new territory, because learning and recognizing patterns in unfamiliar technologies excites you You enjoy the satisfaction of completing a project, more than the thrill of initiating one You are passionately curious about understanding how systems work You understand that rapid product iteration through experimentation is the best way to determine what users want in software What you bring to the team BS Degree in CS, or similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience 3+ years of software development experience Proficient experience using JavaScript frameworks like AngularJS, ReactJS Libraries like jQuery or Backbone.js Strong understanding of web development protocols and security (i.e. HTML5, AJAX, XML, JSON, CSS). Front-end (CSS) frameworks like Foundation or Bootstrap API design and development RESTful Services CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) Strong understanding or API security and authentication mechanisms such as OAUTH, JWT etc. Understanding cloud architecture and micro-services Experience in developing applications in Server-side languages like Java, Python, C/C++ etc. Experience with a build, test, & deploy tools Experience with developing cloud-based solutions Experience with integrations with applications using APIs Frameworks related to their server-side language of choice like: Google Guice, Spring, JPA, Express.js, Node.js Experience with relational databases such as MySQL, MariaDB etc. Experience with a no-SQL database such as Cassandra, Mongo etc. Why Proofpoint As a customer focused and driven-to-win organization with leading edge products, there are many exciting reasons to join the Proofpoint team. We believe in hiring the best the brightest and cultivating a culture of collaboration and appreciation. As we continue to grow and expand globally, we understand that hiring the right people and treating them well is key to our success! We are a multi-national company with locations in 10 countries, with each location contributing to Proofpoint’s amazing culture! LI-VW1