Service Architects draw on their experiences in Services and Support customer- facing roles to represent the viewpoint of customers and of all GSS functions during the product design and development processes. They drive efficiency, repeatability and consistency into the product support processes through involvement in the product design process, and then after product launch by defining standards and policies. They think outside of the box to help design product solutions that will help Akamai scale as we move to the next $1B in revenue. Ideal candidates have previously worked in an Akamai Services and Support role, enjoy working on complex technology problems, are capable of influencing and defining a vision for product supportability, and want to be involved in defining business strategy and solutions that will directly impact the success of all Akamai customers and Service and Support employees. Responsibilities Develop a deep technical knowledge of assigned product set. Be the ultimate expert across GSS for those products. Develop strong relationships with Product Management & Product Architect counterparts. Represent Customer and GSS viewpoints in product scoping, development and design process. Think outside of the box to create a strategic vision for serviceable and supportable products. Share this vision with others. Define detailed technical requirements for product supportability and assess the products against those requirements. Operate as a virtual team lead for GSS subject matter expert core teams focused on specific product sets. Coordinate and Project Manage Launch readiness activities, such as Beta product implementations, training, documentation updates, and launch approvals. Ensure GSS is ready to deliver the products as they are released. Be the owner for GSS documentation, process, and policy for specific products. Build supportability metrics and product scorecards to drive strategic product discussion with Product Management and Engineering. Research, define, implement and roll-out product supportability best practices. About the Team The Service Architect role is part of Akamai’s Global Services and Support (GSS) division. As part of the Service Enablement team within GSS, the Service Architects will partner with the Products and Engineering organizations to ensure that Akamai products are designed and built with a Serviceability and Supportability focus, guaranteeing that the customer-facing GSS teams are prepared to sell, implement, test, and support the products. Required Education and Experience 5 years of relevant experience and a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, another related field or its equivalent. Required Skills Minimum 3 years of experience using Internet technologies, standards and protocols, including DNS, HTTP/HTTPS, Web design, application layer security, browsers and servers. Desired Skills 2 years of Akamai experience. Balance of both strong technical and strategic skills. Willing to get into deep, tech details, but also able to see the big picture and make educated trade-off decisions without getting bogged down by the details. Able to develop trusted relationships, a strong internal network and use influence to drive change. Displays situational fluency and perseverance to handle challenging business situations. Able to negotiate and compromise to drive consensus. Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to articulate complex concepts to a broad range of technical and business audiences, including technical and business executives. Organized and detail-oriented, with project management experience.