Corporate Strategy Business Analyst A career with AAA Northern California, Nevada, Utah, Arizona, and Mountain West is unique, just like you. We’re a mission-driven Member services organization. We have a saying here at AAA that we aspire to be America’s most trusted organization absolutely famous for doing the right thing. With more than five million Members, our purpose is to bring peace of mind to Members while helping them outsmart life. We work hard to create an environment where you can thrive and where you use your skills and talents to help us deliver legendary Member service. And, you’ll help have a positive impact on the diverse communities we serve. As part of the Corporate Strategy & Innovation team you will support core Strategy functions that are critical to business execution. This includes using rigorous analysis to understand, assess and communicate market trends, tracking key performance indicators (KPIs), forming deep partnerships with the various lines of business, and evaluating organic and inorganic strategic growth opportunities for the company. Concepts that you may explore as part of the team include Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) and new business opportunities across the Connected Car (car sharing, self-driving cars), the Connected Home (security, wellness, energy management), and Travel verticals. AAA currently has a large pipeline of strategic projects, and is regularly evaluating new business opportunities that present new sources of Member value. As part of this evaluation process, you will also work with A3 Ventures – AAA’s innovation lab and capital investment engine - to rapidly prototype, test, and bring to market new business concepts that provide Member value. What you’ll do Competitive Landscape/ Business Intelligence: Research and inform senior leadership team of external macro trends that will shape us over the next decade. Interpret content for management and alert them to significant issues and/or opportunity trends. Complete targeted strategic assessments. Business Case Development: Develop business cases based on rigorous financial modeling and make recommendations to market and operationalize new business concepts. Perform quantitative analyses, including the development of financial models, to evaluate and implement strategic options. Concept Pipeline/ New Venture Frameworks: Use our new venture framework to consistently identify and develop new sources of Member value, including scanning the global Federation of Automobile Associations and researching high potential concepts with our Members. Act as a business lead for innovation and thought leadership, prototyping, directing solution development activities, piloting and scaling new businesses. Strategy & Planning: Assist in the production of the Strategic Plan. This includes working across the lines of business, with key financial stakeholders as well as assisting in developing senior level presentations and memos that clearly communicate Corporate Strategy’s analysis and recommendations. Build and manage relationships with key stakeholders at multiple levels in the organization to manage expectations as needed and keep strategic projects moving forward. The Corporate Strategy Analyst will support multiple initiatives, and day-to- day activities will vary. The ideal candidate is comfortable wearing a variety of hats and balancing different priorities. As a small department, the position will have opportunities to work directly with the senior leadership team. This is a great position for career development, growth and advancement, and to work with an awesome team! Knowledge/Skills/Abilities Excellent problem-solving, organizational and analytical skills, with the ability to evolve strategy based on research Strong financial and mathematical skills to evaluate operational / product/ financial concepts and to evaluate risk Strong business writing skills Advanced project management experience to accurately scope, coordinate and complete detailed assignments Advanced leadership, interpersonal and inter-departmental skills A problem solver who is able to make smart, simplifying assumptions Self-starter with ability to handle multiple activities and follow them through to successful implementation Education & Experience / Licenses & Certification Bachelor's degree in related area or an equivalent combination of education and experience 5+ years’ experience conducting financial and/or business analysis MBA, consulting experience or strategy experience preferred Mentoring and leadership experience (preferred) Technical or business certifications relevant to role (preferred)