As a Customer Service Representative at Lever, you will provide the highest level of service to every customer through every interaction.You will be the voice of the company to the customer and the voice of the customer to the company. Help us keep pace with our fast-growing list of customers including Eventbrite, Quora, Change.org, Shopify, and Netflix. We’re looking for someone who is highly-motivated and relentless in helping customers as quickly and efficiently as possible. You're driven by solving problems and getting your work done. You are extremely comfortable with written and verbal communication with customers. You’re incredibly organized, and have strong time management skills. While you’ll have a solid foundation in customer service, at Lever you will learn to understand our customers’ unique needs and recruiting processes in order to provide the solutions that are the best for them. We're a fast- growing technology company, so you'll quickly learn how to navigate being a part of a scaling start-up and how to be a part of Lever's next chapter. Our perfect team member is highly motivated to work closely with customers to find solutions that maximize their satisfaction with our product suite. You strive to make every interaction a phenomenal experience for the customer. You are smart, independent, self-motivated, tech-savvy, and passionate about supporting our customers. It's critical that you have a mindset for using technology and can quickly learn how to use new tools (most importantly Lever). Past experience in technical customer service (email, phone, chat or live) is definitely a plus. Please note, this role is on-site and located in San Francisco, California. WITHIN 1 MONTH, YOU'LL: Learn about Lever and about the recruiting space, gaining an understanding of our product and our customers. Become comfortable with the product and learn the ins and outs of how recruiting teams use Lever Shadow three Implementation Specialists, gaining an understanding of the setup and training that customers receive during implementation; demonstrating understanding through mock walkthrough of an implementation with an IS Complete training with our IT Team and our Customer Service Associate to learn how to access and use all internal tools, including Google Apps, Slack, Zendesk, Intercom, Salesforce, Lever Admin, Chrome Console; reverse-shadow in each tool. Complete all scheduled trainings with Customer Success Managers and Account Managers to learn how each of the features of the product work, including basic features, all add-on features and third party integrations; receive certification from each training leader Working with our Customer Service Associate and Manager of Customer Service and Support, learn to triage incoming customer inquiries, and the process to escalate as appropriate to internal teams; solve your first ticket Consistently handle customer inquiries within set SLAs while prioritizing and escalating issues appropriately. WITHIN 3 MONTHS, YOU'LL: Handle all Tier 1 interactions from customers, and work closely with our Customer Service Associate to identify and handle specific Tier 2 interactions as necessary. Revise weekly custom implementations or solutions with Customer Success to effectively assist in new customer onboarding Provide customer feedback to the Success team Attend all release trainings and rollout sessions, learning the content of upcoming releases, and proactively identify questions and concerns from customers, offering suggestions for how to manage customer expectations both proactively and reactively; as needed, write help articles or other documentation Share the needs monthly of our customers to our Product team, in order to contribute to prioritization of feature requests; monthly update in the Product Operations meeting WITHIN 6 MONTHS, YOU'LL: Handle all Tier 1 inquiries within our SLAs, while following escalation processes for other issues Become an expert in the product through training and customer interaction, with a solid understanding of each product feature and best practices for how to use them; hande 75% of all inbound interactions, through resolution or escalation, without assistance; be able to provide creative solutions to users Maintain a level of customer satisfaction (we measure through CSAT scores) equal to or greater than the overall team average for CSAT, through providing the highest level of service to our customers Help maintain all service and support content including process documentation, wiki, email macros, training manuals and help articles Help interview, onboard and train other customer service reps WITHIN 12 MONTHS, YOU'LL: Proactively identify, pilot and implement ways to increase efficiency in Customer Service processes; assess results and refine Mentor newer Customer Service and Support representatives Maintain SLAs and Customer Satisfaction goals on all Tier 1 and Tier 2 interactions IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT? Sign up to stay in touch, we’ll let you know when we have new positions on the team. THE LEVER STORY Lever builds modern recruiting software for teams to source, interview, and hire top talent. Our team strives to set a new bar for enterprise software with modern, well-designed, real-time apps. We participated in Y Combinator in summer 2012, and since then have raised $73 million. As the applicant tracking system of choice for Netflix, Eventbrite, ClearSlide, change.org, and thousands more leading companies, Lever means you hire the best by hiring together. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace committed to building a team culture that celebrates diversity and inclusion. Take an inside look into life at Lever .