UW Medicine’s IT Services department is looking for an outstanding Lead Cyber Security Analyst to join the team! What are we looking for? Patients Are First focus Customer service mindset Interpersonal skills and teamwork Results-oriented attitude Commitment Adaptability and flexibility What are the perks? Medical insurance at reasonable rates with TEN plans to choose from! Dental Insurance at no cost to you OR your dependents…AND we have three plans for you to choose from! 10 paid holidays annually! 1 personal holiday every year! Generous amounts of vacation and sick leave that you can feel good about taking ( more than 5 work weeks in your first year ) ! TWO Retirement plans to choose from – one even matches 100% of your contributions with immediate vesting! Voluntary Investment program to save more towards your retirement! Deferred Compensation program to save even MORE towards your retirement! Flexible Spending Account...Tax Exempt! Dependent Care Assistance program! On-site Childcare Centers! Long Term Disability insurance! Life and Accidental Death and Dismemberment insurance! U-PASS transportation program and discounted parking…PRE-TAX! Tuition Exemption program – at the UW (and other colleges around the state)! Housing resources and home buying options! Auto, home, renter, and boat group insurance! Valuable membership and merchandise discounts! Federal student loan forgiveness under the Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) program! For all of the specific details on these benefits and more, please click here. As one of the largest healthcare systems in the Puget Sound region, UW Medicine is facing many technical and security challenges driven by rapid growth in the size and complexity of its network of affiliated organizations and increasingly rigorous policy requirements in the areas of security, compliance and patient privacy. With simultaneous increases in the importance and central role of computing technology to healthcare delivery and the UW Medicine mission, it has become essential to evaluate, design and implement and/or configure IT security safeguards, controls and protection solutions as part of the IT service and solutions delivery process to reduce or eliminate security threats, risks and vulnerabilities from being introduced into the production environments through code, new and existing mobile devices, applications, enhancements, 3rd party suppliers, configurations and more. As part of the Information Security Team, this position will lead specified efforts to track known and emergent threats to UW Medicine information assets to support institutional threat awareness, risk assessments, threat detection and analysis, incident response, cyber security operations, and security education and awareness. This position also leads efforts to develop and deliver user training, security awareness programs, and security documentation such as policies, standards, and operating procedures. The position utilizes a wide variety of threat sources including raw data, computer log information, written reports and bulletins, and collaborations with both internal and external partners to develop threat profiles for UW Medicine information assets. With a strong understanding of information security risk management practices, the position will integrate threat information into institutional vulnerability assessments, and risk assessment and mitigation activities. This position will be required to lead a team of Information Security Analysts to implement strategies in response to directives from the Information Security Manager and the CISO. This position will also collaborate with a team of Information Security Engineers to ensure the success of team programs and initiatives. The occupant in this position must have strong interpersonal skills, problem-solving skills, a proven ability to adapt to change, and the ability to communicate complex process and technology ideas, solutions and recommendations across technical and non-technical management, teams, faculty and staff. This position will require a solid foundation in engineering, testing and implementing security controls and solutions as well as a working knowledge of healthcare and security industry best practice models, methodologies and frameworks. This role will have a direct impact on UW Medicine’s ability to protect patient health information and private financial information while achieving and assuring security regulatory compliance. This position will be required to advance team knowledge of healthcare security issues, concerns and challenges associated with a multi-institutional and heterogeneous technical and academic environment and lead team efforts to advise the Information Security Manager and CISO of reasonable and appropriate security solutions. UW Medicine Information Technology Services (ITS) implements, deploys and manages highly complex system applications and applications to meet and exceed key IT initiatives that support UW Medicine Entities: Harborview Medical Center, Northwest Hospital & Medical Center, Valley Medical Center, UW Medical Center, UW Neighborhood Clinics, UW Physicians, UW School of Medicine, and Airlift Northwest. The need to provide and deploy security engineering services is to ensure that appropriate and effective security controls, techniques and solutions are identified and implemented ensuring confidentiality, integrity and availability of sensitive data. Additional applications and systems are supported through UW Medicine research affiliations such as the Fred Hutchinson’s Cancer Research Center, NIH and other grants, contracts, clinical affiliations and other School of Medicine activities; as well as medical training programs with other institutions such as the Veterans Administration and Madigan Army Medical Center. This position is needed in order to meet federal regulatory requirements under HIPAA, ISO, PCI and other security standards, as well as to ensure the security of systems. Failure to meet regulatory requirements may result in fines, sanctions, loss of public credibility, and other business risks. Responsibilities include: _Risk Management, Threat Assessment, and Security Analysis (45%)_ Lead a team of information security analysts to conduct risk and vulnerability assessments, analyze findings, and determine levels of risk throughout the enterprise. Assist the Information Security Manager with the prioritization, assignment, and monitoring of risk assessment workload. Train and mentor peers and junior analysts. Serve as liaison to the Information Security Manager to streamline reporting of findings, analyses, and recommendations. Responsible for the receipt and implementation of taskings, equitable distribution of workload throughout the Program Management team, regular communication with management, and reporting of team activities. Assist with the development and/or redesign of risk assessment processes for UW Medicine assets. Responsible for implementation of existing and/or new processes and procedures as directed by the Information Security Manager or CISO. Lead team efforts to monitor designated tools and successfully incorporate the resultant data into the Vulnerability and Risk Management Programs. Deploy automated and manual tools to graphically illustrate changes over time. Process risk acceptance and evidence of completion in accordance with approved policies and procedures. Lead team efforts to perform system security risk assessments to determine alignment with best practices, standards, and frameworks such as NIST, PCI, and OWASP. Identify risks and track mitigation activities. Maintain understanding of threat actors, their tools, techniques and practices, and the assets they target. Evaluate significance of threats to UW Medicine's risk posture. Lead efforts to analyze and monitor known and emergent vulnerabilities related to UW Medicine technology deployments and use. Ensure the team converts analyses and insights into actionable use cases and measurable improvements. Support the development and deployment of threat detection capabilities. Support institutional risk and vulnerability assessments by providing expert perspective on threats. Develop and deliver threat awareness briefings, as assigned. _Education and Outreach (30%)_ Lead efforts to develop, revise, and deliver information security training, education, awareness and outreach activities, as required. Lead team efforts to research, draft, revise, and publish information security standards, policies, and procedures for UW Medicine’s IT systems, networks, and devices. Coordinate revisions with the Information Security Manager and the CISO and assist with collaborative discussions with departmental liaisons and stakeholders throughout UW Medicine. Represent the Information Security team at technical advisory groups, project teams, and other committees, as assigned. Provide regular advice, status information, and assistance to the Information Security Manager and - when requested - to the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), in support of Information Security initiatives. _Security Consultation, Technical Services, and Information Sharing (20%)_ Lead team efforts to provide security consulting and technical services to technical, hospital, business, operations and vendor staff and teams concerning implementation of UW Medicine security standards, processes and NIST 800-53 “best practices” on secure system design and risk mitigation strategies. Deploy approved security tools in accordance with formal policies and procedures to assess the vulnerability of the UW Medicine workforce and/or assets to specific threats. Represent the Information Security team at technical advisory groups, project teams, and other committees, as assigned. Ensure that specified tools and websites are updated in a timely fashion and managed effectively. Assist with the development of remediation strategies to mitigate risk. Maintain awareness of known and emergent vulnerabilities related to UW Medicine's technology deployments and use. Participate and collaborate in information security projects, project reviews, and change management reviews, when assigned. Maintain collaborative relationships with Office of CISO staff and other stakeholders (including government and private sector organizations) engaged in the sharing and dissemination of threat information. Lead efforts to formally integrate computer and software vulnerability findings into the risk management program at UW Medicine. Lead team efforts to facilitate full participation in the Risk Management and Vulnerability Management programs throughout UW Medicine. _Incident Response (5%)_ Respond to information security incidents and provide support as required. Define and develop reporting and post-event activities related to information security breaches. Follow investigative protocols and methods of logging Security and Incident/Investigations into applicable tracking systems as established by the Information Security Manager or CISO. What you’ll bring to the table: (minimum requirements) Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Business, or other related degree or equivalent combination of education/experience. 5+ years of relevant Information Security experience to include the following: Demonstrated work experience in one or more of the following areas: Security Engineering, Security Analysis, Security Project Management, Security Architecture, and implementing best practices, tools and technology. Demonstrated work experience designing, implementing and maintaining security tools (including threat assessment tools, risk management tools or vulnerability management scanning systems). Demonstrated work experience conducting system security assessments, control analysis, risk assessment, vulnerability assessments or penetration tests. Strong understanding of information security threats and vulnerabilities. Strong understanding of, and experience with, security-related technologies, systems, and tools. Demonstrated work experience with major operating systems including Windows, Mac OS, Linux and Mobile Platforms. Demonstrated work experience and proficiency using standard business productivity software and tools, including Microsoft Office, Word, Excel and PowerPoint, preferably in a Microsoft Windows environment. The successful candidate will also have/possess: Demonstrated ability to participate in highly collaborative team environments. Excellent organization skills with the ability to prioritize when managing multiple tasks and assignments. Excellent critical thinking skills, problem analysis, and problem-solving capabilities. Ability to work independently with minimal supervision. Demonstrated ability to quickly research, learn, and evaluate new technologies. Demonstrated flexibility with the ability to implement new processes as directed. Ability to write clearly and concisely and use effective communication styles. Ideally, you’ll also have: (desired skills and experience) Advanced degree. Current security certification (e.g., CISSP (ISSAP, ISSEP, ISSMP), GIAC, CISM, CISA, SSCP, CEH). Experience working in a large, academic healthcare system. Knowledge of common health care workflows. Demonstrated work experience designing, implementing and maintaining tools related to security information and event management, intrusion protection, governance. IT project management experience. Network or application design and management experience. Familiarity with major technology vendors and their products commonly used in large healthcare systems, specifically including Epic, Cerner, IBM, HP, and Microsoft. What are some of the other tidbits that you might want to know? Generally daytime hours, but evening and or night time work potentially required to support projects, particularly during implementation periods. May work off-hours and weekends on an infrequent basis. Must have access to quick transportation for both on and off-hours commuting to multiple sites, including Harborview Medical Center, University of Washington Medical Center, Northwest Hospital & Medical Center, Valley Medical Center, UW Medicine Information Technology Services, UW Medicine Neighborhood Clinics, and others. Ability to communicate clearly in English, both verbally and in writing. This advertised job posting may not include the complete official job description for the role. The application process for UW Medicine positions may include completion of a variety of online assessments to obtain additional information that will be used in the evaluation process (i.e. Work Authorization, Criminal Conviction History, Cover Letter and/or others). Any assessments that you need to complete will appear on your screen as soon as you select “Apply to this position”. Once you begin applying for a position, all assessments must be completed at that time. Please note that your application shows up in our system as ready to review regardless of whether or not all assessments have been completed. If the assigned Recruiter happens to review applications prior to all of your assessments being completed, there is a chance you could be 'Not Selected' due to an incomplete application. For this reason, we strongly encourage all applicants to ensure there is plenty of time to complete _all_ of the assessments prior to clicking on “Apply to this position”. Who are we and what do we do? UW Medicine’s mission is to improve the health of the public by advancing medical knowledge, to provide outstanding primary and specialty care to the people of the region, and to prepare tomorrow’s physicians, scientists and other health professionals. Our staff not only enjoys outstanding benefits and professional growth opportunities, but also an environment noted for diversity, community involvement, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits, and natural beauty. UW Medicine’s Information Technology Services (ITS) department is a shared services organization that supports ALL of UW Medicine! UW Medicine is comprised of Harborview Medical Center, Northwest Hospital & Medical Center, Valley Medical Center, UW Medical Center, UW Neighborhood Clinics, UW Physicians, UW School of Medicine and Airlift Northwest. In addition, UW Medicine shares in the ownership and governance of Children’s University Medical Group and Seattle Cancer Care Alliance (a partnership between UW Medicine, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research and Seattle Children’s). ITS is responsible for the ongoing support and maintenance of the infrastructure and applications which support all of these institutions, along with the implementation of new services and applications that are used to support and further the UW Medicine mission. The University of Washington is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information.