DLP Architect _Position can be remote with a travel component._ CBI has been a trusted advisor in the cyber security industry since 1991. We pride ourselves in securing our clients nationwide, providing value through advisory services such as Security Assessments, Incident Response, Digital Forensics, Product Implementations and Managed Security Services. Every single CBI employee contributes to our mission. By joining CBI, you act as a catalyst in a chain of events that helps make our interconnected world more secure for millions of people. You will be surrounded by the brightest business and technical minds in our industry who will inspire you to grow and be great. Working at CBI is your opportunity to shape an industry that’s vital to us all. We live by the CBI Core Values: Customer First ... know your customer and deliver value, every time Performance Based Culture ... critical thinking that helps exceed company goals Authentic ... honest, direct, confident, promises kept Blue Collar Work Ethic... come to work ready to work hard, no task is below you Our employees think we’re a cool place to work, too! CBI has been recognized as one of Crain’s Cool Place to Work in 2016; an example of our commitment to creating a unique culture – providing career enhancing opportunities, programs and benefits that fit the needs of our workforce. We are built on talented people and we need the best of the best to accelerate our growth. Join our team of industry leaders to continue growing your career! Position Description A qualified candidate will need to have experience in a variety of cyber security technologies with a focus on Symantec Data Loss Prevention. Professional services tasks will include working with Fortune 1000 customers to implement best practices, determine specific use cases and fully integrate the solution into their environments and workflow. Key Responsibilities Lead contributor to the team and the organization – will mentor, coach and develop others Applies advanced principles, theories, and concepts. May be regarded as 'in-house' expert on specific technologies. Conducts projects requiring additional specialized knowledge. Contributes to the development of innovative principles and ideas. Serves as organization spokesperson on specialized projects or programs. Acts as prime consultant on large projects that affect the organizations long-term goals and objectives. Deliver the implementation, setup, and management of Symantec DLP Become a trusted advisor in Symantec DLP with our customers and clients Provide a solutions-driven, customer-centric approach to our clients’ data-security challenges Emulate a professional and humble demeanor when working with various stakeholders, including clients’ IT and management departments Willingness to travel to our clients’ sites Daily eagerness to “roll-up your sleeves” and achieve results Coordinate with the project management team to ensure the beginning-to-end completion of objectives Effectively create technical documentation to ensure efficient communication with PMO Use subject matter expertise to add value to our customers’ experience Explore and learn new IT risk management technologies and solutions Specialized Knowledge & Skills Ten or more years in a similar role (IT engineering, DLP consulting, professional services, etc.) Architect level expertise in DLP Symantec certification in DLP Recognized leader in data protection Strong customer facing, interpersonal, and technical writing skills Physical Requirements General Office Demands Benefits & Company Statement We believe that superior performance; individual and team should be recognized and rewarded. We provide a competitive compensation program to attract, retain and motivate a high-performance workforce, and it’s flexible enough to meet the different needs of our diverse employee population. Our mentorship and training initiatives are unmatched. CBI employees are constantly sharpening their skills and shaping their careers. Our intention is to develop employees to their highest potential, no matter what their job title might be. It’s this approach that always ensures that the right person is in the right seat and most importantly, excelling in their field.