In just a little over a decade, PitchBook has grown into a global organization with offices in Seattle, San Francisco, New York and London. With consistent high double-digit growth since 2009, the company has become the industry’s leading source of private market data, serving more than 3,000 clients around the world. As a three-time winner of the Best Workplaces in Washington award, PitchBook is committed to fostering an open, collaborative work environment driven by excellence, inclusion and fun. Our culture is at the heart of our success, and it’s something we work on every day. Our primary home for the last decade, PitchBook’s Seattle office has grown from humble beginnings in a 200-square-foot windowless room to our current three-floor home in a downtown skyscraper. Located just blocks away from Pike Place Market and historic Pioneer Square, our headquarters boast stunning mountain views, open collaboration spaces and a startup culture that emphasizes hard work and camaraderie. Working in our Seattle office means growing your career alongside smart, dedicated people in the city where it all began. Team Overview The Research team is one of the largest teams at PitchBook Data, totaling over three hundred people across three continents. It is responsible for the core of what we do as a company, provide high quality data on the private markets. This is done through our various data collection processes consisting of web- based data scraping, entering of data from publicly available documents, web researching of hard-to-find information, and direct communication with executives/investors/advisors involved in transactions and fundraising. We also like to have fun and believe strongly in some of our traditions such as baked good Mondays, potluck breakfast Fridays and our Panther mascot. Job Overview We are looking for Primary Research Associates to help our teams collect data, improve outreach processes and create relationships with high level executives at private equity and venture capital investment firms, the advisors they work with, or the companies they back. It is our job as PitchBook's Research department to build and maintain the detailed and high-quality data on the venture capital, private equity, and M &A; industries that thousands of professionals across the private markets rely on to find their next big opportunity. Team members in this role will focus on direct outreach data collection while also developing a sophisticated knowledge of alternative investment practices and contributing to process and efficiency improvements along the way. Note that this is not an academic-type research position and does not require a deep understanding of advanced statistical methods. About the Research Associate Role: Nearly everyone in Research starts as a Research Associate. In this role you will join one of our dataset teams with an initial focus on mastering our data management tool and direct outreach processes. Once mastered, you will create outbound campaigns using email and/or phone calls to gather and update data in our platform. The focus will be on primary research, which is the collection of proprietary data obtained from contacts at investment and advisory firms involved in PE and VC deals, or the companies being funded with private capital. This learning process and growth of industry knowledge creates a pathway for our Primary Research Associates to grow into Senior Research Associates and Team Leads within Research or a variety of roles on other teams at PitchBook. Responsibilities: Building relationships with industry professionals at private equity and venture capital backed companies, service providers or private investment firms Managing email and/or call campaigns with the goal of gathering and verifying private markets data Working with marketing, editorial and customer success teams to tailor email messaging, meet reporting deadlines and better understand client use cases Leveraging technology-based tools to ensure that proprietary data is added to the PitchBook Platform efficiently and with the utmost quality Working with team to develop and improve processes, tools and methodologies Taking on projects to identify opportunities to improve upon the core quality metrics (comprehensiveness, accuracy, timeliness) Becoming an expert in PitchBook’s core research areas of private equity, venture capital and M &A; through dedicated training You may be the right candidate if you have: Amazing communication skills, both verbal and in written materials, targeting an audience all the way up to the executive level A strong sense of urgency, as well as comfort making a high volume of outbound calls on a daily basis The belief that anything below excellent isn’t good enough and expectations of the same from those on your team The ability to work both independently and as part of a team Strong organization methods and top-notch multi-tasking skills Incessant curiosity, innovative thinking and meticulous work habits A background or interest in the private equity, venture capital and M &A; industries 1 – 2 years professional experience, which might be in the form of an internship Bachelor’s degree required Company Overview At PitchBook, we provide transparency into the capital markets by organizing the world’s meaningful business information and making it useful to our customers. We work tirelessly to arm global professionals with comprehensive data on the entire venture capital, private equity and M &A; landscape—including companies, investors, funds, investments, exits and people—so they can discover and execute opportunities with confidence. Our data and analysis are available through our award-winning flagship product, the PitchBook Platform, as well as our powerful suite of integrated tools, industry news and in-depth reports. If you are ready to start the conversation about how you might contribute to all the happenings at PitchBook, submit your resume today! PitchBook appreciates and respects diversity, and as such, we are an equal opportunity employer.