Job Description The primary role of the Health Liaison Officer (HLO) is to promote and provide information for improved health outcomes for all children in foster care. In this capacity, the HLO in the urban or local office counties provides coordination, information, monitoring and guidance for the health care needs of foster children to foster care and/or birth parents, child welfare workers and supervisors including private foster care agencies and MDHHS central office personnel. Position functions as the Liaison with the Medicaid Health Plans (MHP), Community Mental Health (CMH) and other medical, dental and behavioral providers. Position assists to ensure appropriate Medicaid coverage and that physical/medical, dental, developmental, and mental health services for foster children are administered. The position provides technical assistance on Medicaid, Medicaid enrollment, Medicaid health plans and with MiSACWIS, CHAMPS, and BRIDGES systems. The position conducts presentations/trainings for DHHS/PAFC staff and other community stakeholders on an ongoing or as needed basis. The position assists staff to ensure medical and dental exams are scheduled to occur timely by tracking exam due dates, providing correspondence/forms to foster parents, and collaborating with workers and supervisors to obtain information and documentation. The position also provides county level monitoring of DHHS children's health polices and provides timely feedback to staff and management/administration regarding compliance and barriers. Position Description Required Education and Experience Education Possession of a bachelor's degree in any major. Experience Departmental Analyst 9 No specific type or amount is required. Departmental Analyst 10 One year of professional experience. Departmental Analyst P11 Two years of professional experience, including one year of experience equivalent to the intermediate (10) level in state service. Additional Requirements and Information This position is open to all applicants but preference may be given to current Michigan Department of Health and Human Services (MDHHS) employees and MDHHS employees in layoff status. This process will be used to fill permanent (current vacancy), limited-term and working-out-of-class vacancies that may occur over the next six months. View the job specification at: Job Specification (Download PDF reader) The vacancy is located at the South Central CFS MDHHS office, located at 1801 East Canfield, Detroit, MI 48207. However, should any new HLO vacancies occur in the next six months, at any of our three CSA offices in Wayne County (we also have offices in Highland Park and Inkster), we will be able to utilize the candidate pool generated from this posting/interview process. To be considered for this position you must: apply for this position online via NEOGOV; click on "Apply" in the job posting for instructions on submitting your electronic application. Hard copy or email applications are not accepted. relevant experience and/or education referred to in supplemental questions must be documented in resume, transcript and/or application to allow for accurate screening. attach a WORD document resume separately identifying specific experience and dates of employment. Dates of employment should include month and year and hours per week. attach a cover letter describing what strengths and work experience you bring to this position. attach a copy of an official transcript(s). We accept scanned copies of official transcripts. We do not accept web-based, internet, or copies of unofficial transcripts. Official transcripts provide the name of the institution, confirmation that a degree was awarded and on what date, and the registrar's signature. Failure to complete any of the above items may result in your application not being considered. See instructions for attaching files here: Instructions YOUR APPLICATION FOR ANY POSITION DOES NOT GUARANTEE YOU WILL BE CONTACTED BY THE DEPARTMENT/AGENCY FOR FURTHER CONSIDERATION. ONLY THOSE APPLICANTS INTERVIEWED WILL BE NOTIFIED OF THE RESULTS. The department reserves the right to close this posting prior to its original end date, once a sufficient number of applications have been received. For information about this specific position, contact Wendy Gomez at GomezW@michigan.gov or 313-456-1172. MDHHSJOBS