Direct the day-to-day activities of counter sales, warehousing, production, and route deliveries for a branch. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Manages all branch personnel in accordance with company policies by hiring, training, motivating, planning and directing work, providing performance feedback, developing associates and resolving associate issues. Responsible for timely and quality performance appraisals of assigned personnel. Accurately completes and submits all sales-related paperwork (e.g., shippers, invoices, cylinder audits, month-end reports, cash reconciliations, deposits, etc.) in a timely manner. Evaluates and monitors day-to-day activities of a branch to ensure cost effective operations and makes changes to ensure same when required. Coordinates sales promotion activities and responsible for maintaining and stocking merchandise and displaying it so that it is attractive to customers. Maintains a clean and attractive store. Coordinates activities with other branches and/or immediate branch personnel to resolve any customer, sales or operational problems or inquiries. Issues are handled in a manner that enhances customer satisfaction. Participates in the preparation of market and competitor information and annual sales analysis and forecast. Works in accordance with all policies and procedures ad rules as prescribed by State, Federal, and the Company. Lead and promote safety; organize safety meetings and strictly enforce safety rules. Other duties may be assigned. QUALIFICATIONS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE: High school diploma or the equivalent, five years related industry experience and/or training or the equivalent combination of education and experience. Experience should include successful management of a team of employees. Proficiency with entering and extracting data into and from a computer. Proven ability to work effectively under deadlines and with little supervision and to complete a high volume of paperwork accurately and on time. LANGUAGE SKILLS : Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures or government regulations. Ability to write report, business correspondence and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from other associates, managers, customers and the general public. MATHEMATICAL SKILLS : Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, proportions, percentages, area and volume. Ability to apply basic concepts of algebra and geometry. REASONING ABILITY: Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in oral, written, diagram or schedule form. CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS: Valid driver’s license. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the associate is regularly required to stand and sit. The associate is required to occasionally required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, feel or use a 10 key calculator or computer; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl and smell. The associate must occasionally lift up to 60 pounds and move up to 125 pounds with the aid of material handling equipment. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close, distance and color vision and ability to adjust focus. WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the associate is occasionally exposed to moving mechanical parts. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. Qualifications EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability