_Senior Business Insights Analyst (aka Data Evangelist)_ _Senior Data Analyst_ _Senior Business Intelligence Analyst_ _Senior BI Analyst_ _Senior Marketing Analytics_ _Senior Management Level Caliber_ _Analytics_ _|_ _Santa Clara, CA_ _Your goal:_ _We want you to become the go-to partner for data- driven answers to the toughest questions facing Chegg. As we grow we have lots of questions that are fundamentally important for our business – and these questions get tougher as the complexity of the business increases. We are looking for someone who is passionate about finding the best way to answer our questions, with our rich student data, in an agile real-time manner (scrappy at first, getting better as we go) coaching our senior management and c-team to make informed decisions from our data._ Organization: Analytics The Analytics team is central to Chegg’s digital marketing efforts – we use data and analysis to support every business line and functional organization at the company. It is a team composed of data scientists, engineers, mathematicians, statisticians, and business analysts. We use a world-class set of data science and BI technologies to transform our data into insights and then into knowledge. Our responsibilities include: partnering with teams to measure and optimize marketing performance modeling customer behavior and lifetime value drivers building executive dashboards and helping drive self-serve analytics managing and evolving our digital marketing technology designing and driving forward our customer data platform In short, we are a diverse team of folk who absolutely love working with data to help Chegg deliver on our Student First mission. Role: Senior Business Insights Analyst We are looking for someone who has the right blend of technical, communication and creative skills to be a great “data coach” for the business. We are looking for an energetic and experienced data scientist who is excited about diving into Chegg’s unique student data to answer the toughest questions. You must be agile in your approach, bringing your partners along for the ride, ready to pivot when you learn something new, getting smarter together. To thrive you will need technical expertise, a good attention to detail, and a logical problem-solving mind. You will need to be a pragmatist who understands when we have a good enough answer to move ahead and be fearless communicating your insights with senior leadership. You would probably be someone happy to do all this for fun – so why not apply and get great benefits?! Responsibilities: Quickly and creatively break down a business question into an analysis plan; then execute the analysis and answer the question. Keep partners involved in the analysis process so they understand how to inform decisions with data. Become a trusted partner who provides expert advice in the usage and interpretation of data. Share insights and best practices to evangelize (through examples) the value of data to all teams at Chegg. Keep abreast of data insights coming from across the broader team and other data teams at Chegg - connecting the dots across disparate analyses and synthesizing them into a coherent story. Requirements: 5+ years track record communicating insights to senior management and executive audiences. Committed to producing high-quality deliverables, detail-oriented and results driven. Top-decile data wrangling skills; strength in SQL, R, Python for data analysis and visualization. Hands-on experience with BI tools such as Tableau, Domo, Qlikview, Looker. Ability to quickly understand what others are doing with data. Digital business experience a plus – specifically web analytics experience using Google Analytics or Adobe Analytics. Prior experience, or interest, in data journalism and advanced interactive visualization a plus. About Chegg: As the leading student-first connected learning platform, Chegg's Student Hub makes higher education more affordable and more accessible, all while improving student outcomes. Chegg is a publicly-held company based in Santa Clara, CA with offices in San Francisco, New York, Portland, India, Israel, Berlin, and Ukraine. Chegg Student Hub Services Includes; Chegg Study, Tutoring, Writing Tools, Math Help, Test Prep, Careers Search, Internship Admissions, and College Admissions. Video Shorts - Life at Chegg: https://jobs.chegg.com/Video-Shorts- Chegg-Services Certified Great Place to Work! : http://reviews.greatplacetowork.com/chegg _For More Information:_ https://jobs.chegg.com/ _Chegg is an equal opportunity employer_ LI-BR