Company Overview SmartAction™ is a cutting-edge Intelligent Voice Automation (IVA/IVR) and digital customer self-service services company on a rapid growth trajectory. Our disruptive, yet well-proven technology, strong customer base, and financial strength, form a solid foundation for long-term viability. Our solution is based on over 10 years of artificial intelligence research and development and is well positioned to fill the significant void between current technology and human call center agents. It is a truly unique solution within a rapidly expanding technology market for Cloud based AI solutions. We offer an energetic work environment, a great product, and operational and technical support, to enable the right candidate to be successful. Job Description This is an entry-level role We are currently seeking an entry-level Project Coordinator to join our Client Management team which consists of project managers and QA engineers. This individual’s time and energies will be split between supporting Project Managers on existing projects and supporting the PMO in the execution of its responsibilities. Project Management Support Approximately 50% of the Project Coordinator’s energy will be focused on supporting Project Managers with the following activities: Creation and maintenance of project plans and timelines Creation and maintenance of project documentation and files Effective communication of technical and business requirements to both external clients and internal team members Assist with the management of internal resources to ensure that work is being completed according to timeline and quality standards PMO Support Approximately 50% of the Project Coordinator’s energy will be focused on supporting the SVP of Customer Operations to execute the responsibilities of the PMO. This includes: Creation and maintenance of PMO documentation such as Standard Operating Procedures, project templates, knowledge base entries etc. Maintain and steward key PMO processes such as project team assignment, resource forecasting, internal reporting, etc. Assist with tracking and reporting on departmental KPIs Assist with the coordination, communication and execution of all planned maintenance windows Experience Bachelor’s Degree preferred Be highly organized & detail oriented Excellent interpersonal communication skills (both written and verbal) Time management skills Demonstrated ability to think critically and logically Must reside in regular commuting distance from El Segundo Physical Demands and Work Environment The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the functions. While performing the duties of this position, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to use hands or fingers, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; sit; and reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this position include close vision, distance vision, and the ability to adjust focus. The noise level in the work environment is usually low to moderate. We offer a fun and energetic work environment in addition to M/D/V, 401k, FSA, vacation, and work-life balance. The company is an Equal Opportunity Employer, drug free workplace, and complies with ADA regulations as applicable. Job Type: Full-time To apply for this position please email your resume and cover letter to careers@smartaction.ai. Be sure to put the job title Project Coordinator in the subject line. This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee(s) incumbent in this position. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give instructions or assignments. All duties and responsibilities are essential functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. To perform this job successfully, the incumbents will possess the skills, aptitudes, and abilities to perform each duty proficiently. Some requirements may exclude individuals who pose a direct threat or significant risk to the health or safety of themselves or others. The requirements listed in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills, or abilities. This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an “at will” relationship.