Operations Tech I ReqID: 99823 Number of Openings: 1 Location: Plymouth, Washington 99346 Operating Area/Functional Area: West Bring your energy to ours. Help us become the premier provider of large- scale natural gas infrastructure in the United States. The backbone of Williams’ workforce is our technical and operations team. From processing plants to pipelines and compressor stations, we depend on the skills and dedication of our technicians to deliver the performance our customers expect. We’re looking for highly skilled technicians who will enjoy being part of a collaborative team. Hear from our employees on why they chose a career at Williams: https://williams.wistia.com/medias/b6g3u80i2e Williams Northwest Pipeline is seeking an Operations Technician I in the Plymouth, Washington area. The Operations Technician I will be responsible for the maintenance and operation of our Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) Plant and Compressor Station complex. The Northwest Pipeline Group is one (1) of three (3) interstate natural gas pipelines operated by Williams, and is approximately 4,000 miles of natural gas pipeline. Responsibilities: Function as an employee of a maintenance and operation team at the Plymouth, Washington Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) Plant and Compressor Station complex. Maintain and troubleshoot all related subsystems which include: LNG liquefaction and vaporization processes, system starting, stopping, shutdown, and combustion controls. Perform preventive pipeline facility maintenance and work described under the job progression system for the pipeline technician job family Perform operational and maintenance tasks with mechanical and some electrical equipment as required Minimum Qualifications: Possess a high school diploma or equivalent Demonstrate safety as the utmost priority Be willing to work overtime, on-call rotation, days, nights, and weekend shifts Have mechanical maintenance, hydraulic, and equipment operation experience Provide the ability to work both in a team environment and as an individual with minimal supervision Be willing to work in extremely hot and cold temperatures and enclosed spaces Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills Be able to stand, walk, climb, bend, stoop, and squat for long periods of time Have intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Office Applications and PC skills Be able to carry and lift items that can weigh 50lbs or more Preferred Qualifications Possess a two (2) year technical degree in diesel, diesel-electric, automotive or aircraft mechanics, or electronic instrumentation. Previously worked in and/or around the oil and gas industry Experience with the process of liquefied natural gas production, natural gas vaporization, and natural gas transportation Regular/Temporary Assignment: R Full-Time/Part-Time: Full-Time FLSA Status: N Shift: W-10 Hour Schedule Percent of Travel: Up to 25% Relocation Offered: No Williams is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information or any other basis protected under applicable discrimination law.