Job Details Description SUMMARY The CSR is responsible for providing complete customer support functions in a fast-paced, high volume environment including answering incoming phone calls; providing quotations; providing technical product expertise; entering orders; checking stock availability; providing status of orders; expediting orders; entering service programs and generating work orders; collaborating with sales personnel and service technicians; using problem solving skills to resolve customer issues; focusing on continuous improvement to improve processes and procedures. RESPONSIBILITIES Primary Responsibilities: Answer phones in a timely manner and ensure customer needs are met Provide feedback to customers and colleagues on stocking levels, order status, order tracking, service contract and repair order status, etc. Provide alternative products / solutions for out-of-stock items or long lead-time items Answer customer requests for quote with accurate, timely quotations Manage inquiries from potential customers and move them through the evaluation and approval process Maintain working knowledge of export procedures and compliance Review of all purchase orders to ensure ability to meet all customer requirements in adherence with PAC corporate terms and conditions Enter customer demand into ERP system and communicate order confirmation back to customer within 24 hours of receipt of purchase order Expedite orders to ensure on-time shipment and proactively communicate order status to customer Process service programs and generate work orders Collaborate with service managers and dispatcher to ensure technicians are dispatched to work site as needed Handle parts demand for work orders and assist technician in ensuring work orders are processed accurately Assist customers with product returns and generate credit memo requests to finance as needed Initiate, investigate and resolve customer complaints Provide technical assistance to customers and colleagues Participate in quality and accounting audits as well as continuous improvement events Additional Responsibilities: Follow all company safety policies and procedures and organizes work areas for efficiency and safety. Provides status reports to management as required. Respond to change productively and handle other duties as required. QUALIFICATIONS Education & Experience: High School graduate or GED, required. Some college, a plus. 3+ years’ experience in a technical Customer Service environment, strongly preferred. Strong computer skills and a good working knowledge of MS Office and an ERP system Working knowledge of Salesforce, a plus Knowledge & Skills: Customer service skills with attention to detail and accuracy Focus on continuous improvement Willingness to assist other team members with customer related issues Strong organizational skills with ability to prioritize Ability to multi-task and follow tasks through to completion in a fast-paced, dynamic environment Other: Travel: None Physical Requirements: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use hands/fingers to handle, or feel and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk and reach with hands and arms. The employee may lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision and ability to adjust focus. Working Conditions: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is occasionally exposed to moving mechanical parts; fumes or airborne particles; toxic or caustic chemicals and risk of electrical shock when in the operations or laboratory areas. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate, but due to open office environment noise level may occasionally be high. Disclaimer: The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. EOE/AA/M/F/Vet/Disability Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.