The YouTube Partner Program consists of of fast-growing content creators and artists. Fast-paced, dynamic and proactive, the Creator and Artist Development team enables, empowers and inspires the next generation of YouTube talent. Many of these creators are building the media companies of the future. The Partner Development and Services team ensures a first-class experience for YouTube partners and creators. The team includes Partner Operations, Technology Services and Online Partnerships. This team embodies a partner first mindset, whether it’s building custom tools, providing education to get the most from the platform, or helping creators to grow their channel to the next level. We are now developing a new YouTube Customer Outreach Operations team, who does proactive outreach to Creators and users in order to improve sentiment and to handle critical and complicated escalations. As a YouTube Customer Outreach Specialist, you will proactively engage with dissatisfied Creators, Partners, and users on resolving raised issues, handling difficult escalations, and supporting partner-facing teams on challenging conversations. Your team will be a critical element to build customer trust and increase sentiment. You are highly adaptable, who will navigate the team through ambiguity and develop processes, protocols, and proactive engagement strategies. You will also work across Partner facing teams, Trust & Safety, and multiple other cross-functional teams to ensure that we handle escalations holistically and help turn around customer perception. YouTube has grown into a community used by over 1 billion people across the globe to access information, share video, and shape culture. The YouTube team helps budding creators build careers, creates products like YouTube Kids, YouTube Music, and YouTube Gaming, and engages communities around shared passions and global conversations. Together, we empower the world to create, broadcast, and share. Responsibilities Help build the new YouTube team. Handle sensitive escalations, investigate issues and proactively engage customers and/or challenging Creator situations. Reach out to YouTube Creators, Partners, and Users proactively to help resolve their issues and gather feedback for internal stakeholders. Develop best practices on handling sensitive escalations and coordination with internal cross-functional teams. Develop deep knowledge across Product and Policy areas to have productive and meaningful conversations with customers. Serve as a consultant to internal, cross-functional stakeholders on the product and policies and help with difficult Partner conversations. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of customer support or client services experience with a deep desire to troubleshoot and resolve customer issues Preferred qualifications: Experience in crisis and escalation management. Ability to work successfully in high pressure, fast-paced and ambiguous situations. Ability to influence and communicate effectively and cross-functionally with all levels of management within YouTube. Strong negotiation skills with high level of empathy and desire to help customers. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.