Coordinate the processing of resident student housing applications and license agreements. Assign rooms and roommates to resident students. Provide administrative support to University off-campus leased and owned properties and supervise student employees as assigned. Position Specific Responsibilities: Produce and disseminate all information pertaining to University housing, including: application, license agreement, cost sheet and general information. Process housing requests for new and returning students according to established criteria. Assign students to apartments and residence halls (3,300+ beds). Work with Admissions, Athletics, Disabled Student Services and other University departments as necessary to place special needs students. Serve as primary contact for parents and students concerning assignments and related issues. Maintain housing student data. Provide information necessary for billings, mailings, confirmations, rosters and charts. Manage production of reports and statistics, including occupancy reports and resident rosters. Compose appropriate responses to daily correspondence. Process requests for room changes. Coordinate placement and assignment of new students and room selection processes for returning students. Assist with accounts payable operations as related to University off-campus housing leased and/or owned properties. Provide administrative support to all University off-campus housing leased and/or owned properties Experience/Qualifications: 3 years of progressively responsible administrative and general office experience, preferably in a higher education environment. Exemplary communication skills (both written and oral) evidenced by background in preparing correspondence, publications, and comprehensive reports incorporating complex, highly technical information. Ability to work effectively with all levels of the University community including students, parents, faculty, and staff. Demonstrates computer competency in word processing, spreadsheets, presentations, database and desktop publishing software and student information systems. Ability to manage large volumes of requests and prioritize workload. Ability to compose correspondence and other written materials independently. Work effectively with a diverse population of students, parents, faculty, and staff. Required Education: Typically a high school diploma or its equivalent supplemented by coursework or on-the-job training.A Bachelor’s or Associates Degree in business administration or related field is preferred.Incumbent will be expected to continue upgrading knowledge, skills, and abilities needed to keep abreast of regulation/policy changes. License/Certification/Registration Requirements: Physical Demands (if applicable)