This is not a Lab Position. Up to 50% travel may be required depending on the project. LumenData is looking for a Data Scientist to lead client engagements. This will involve working directly with clients to understand business problems and available data, as well as building Predictive/Machine Learning models to help solve those problems. The ideal candidate would love this challenge, be comfortable engaging direclty with clients, explaining their work to business stakeholders, and dealing with real-world scenarios. These projects can range from optimizing e-commerce funnels to identifying machine failures in heavy industry. That’s what makes the Data Scientist role at LumenData so fun and exciting! _The successful candidate will be responsible for:_ Facilitating workshops with business stakeholders to identify customer needs, catalog available systems and data, and design predictive anlaytics solutions Data Integration from multiple sources, including SQL and NoSQL databases Designing and executing data experiments Visualizing data in a way that tells a story Feature Engineering on varied data sets Implementing Machine Learning/Predictive Analytics models Delivering production-ready Data Science projects that achieve customer sign-off _REQUIREMENTS: Technical_ Demonstrated ability to discuss in detail their work efforts related to real predictive business problems; Qualified candidates will have worked on 2 such problems for 2+ months each and be able to describe in detail their work from conception to realization; Undergraduate or advanced degree in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Information Engineering or a related field; Expert-level experience in either Python or R; Python is preferred, but superior R candidates also will be considered; Superior understanding of SQL and database modeling; Expertise in data visualization using tools such as Tableau. _REQUIREMENTS: Professional_ Exceptional written and verbal communication skills; Ability to take initiative and deliver tangible results under deadlines; Possess the curiosity and creativity necessary to generate quick, iterative, optimizing solutions in a wide range of industries and business domains, including anything from eCommerce to Telecommunications to Heavy Manufacturing and anything in between. _Some example Use Cases we are currently working on:_ eCommerce/Retail:Using Web events, CRM and DMP data for analysis in real time to derive deep insights around Shopper Personas, Cart / Reservation Abandonment probability, CLV and other propensities and to enable real time site personalization. Manufacturing: Classifying streaming machine data to enable powerful predictions on machine energy consumption, efficiencies, and fault tolerances. Preventive Maintenance: Using real time analysis of machine data to provide for the identification of discrete events, detection of anomalies, and the prediction of failures; thus enabling companies to take preventive measures in an optimized manner