Job Posting - External ARI, part of the Holman Automotive Group and headquartered in Mt. Laurel, N.J., is a billion-dollar global vehicle fleet leasing and management company that prides itself on providing exceptional service. A recognized leader in the industry and the largest fleet management company in North America. Ranked 27 on _FORTUNE_ magazine’s 100 “Best Places to Work” and 17 on Computerworld’s Best Places to Work in IT. ARI has more than 65 years of experience offering its employees a place where their careers and personal development can thrive. ARI has an outstanding opportunity for a Data Integration Analyst- Client. Job Purpose: Perform development, testing and implementation of .NET, Oracle PL/SQL, and miscellaneous Windows and Linux scripts to support client data integration needs. Essential Functions: Work directly with clients or thru client services, to ingest client data or prepare client data for delivery to clients in support of billing and data interchange Design, develop and document processes that consolidate and integrate data per client requirements. Use Microsoft Office products to facilitate import/export/transformation of data Provide timely project and task updates to all concerned parties Work with technical leads to tune and troubleshoot functional and performance problems in ETL jobs. Work with the DBA team to tune and refactor SQL used in ETL jobs Identify and suggest patterns within existing processes to introduce efficiencies and increased throughput. Knowledge and Skill Must have a working knowledge of SQL, ANSI SQL, PL/SQL Must have a working knowledge of reading and creating ER diagrams Knowledge of Oracle 11g development is required Demonstrated knowledge and experience using custom .NET and PL/SQL programs for data manipulation. Experience querying and loading dimensional and relational data models in a data warehouse environment is a plus. Experience developing and interacting with custom-built web services for purposes of data import/export is required. Use of Microsoft Office desktop tools such as Excel for data loading and extracting is required Knowledge of billing processes and procedures, particularly invoice formatting is a strong plus Minimum 4 years of working experience in data warehousing/ETL development Provide some technical guidance to team members and willing to offer assistance to others Excellent verbal and written communication skills with a strong focus on the ability to clearly articulate and discuss technical issues Strong analytical skills, able to effectively solve problems in a timely manner Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Math or a related IT field or equivalent work experience in an IT field required