Mission Inside Sales Manager Who We Are Founded and continuously led by inventor and entrepreneur Tony Aquila, Solera is a global leader in digital technologies that connect and secure life's most important assets: our cars, homes and identities. Since its inception in 2005 as a garage-based startup, Solera has grown aggressively with over 50 acquisitions across its platforms. The company's current product solutions include Audatex, Autodata, AutoPoint, CAP/HPI, Colimbra, Digidentity, Enservio, Explore Data, Hollander, Identifix, Inpart, LYNX and TitleTec, as well as the company's flagship Digital Garage application. Today, Solera processes over 300 million transactions annually for approximately 235,000 partners and customers in over 80 countries. Unified by a strong culture that values uncommon entrepreneurial thinking and continuous "do-it-different" innovation, Solera's global workforce of 6,700+ associates come from diverse forward-thinking industries that include automotive technology, artificial intelligence, software development, data sciences, cybersecurity, cognitive design, and digital identity protection. For more information, please visit solera.com. The Solera Way Solera’s uncommon culture is based on three simple principles: Think 80/20 (Focus), Act 30/30 (Efficiency), and Live 90/10 (Accountability). We define our mindset using Our 3H’s: Humility, a Hunger to succeed, and a desire to Hunt for opportunities to win. We train our volunteers to engage with each other modulating between their intellect (IQ) and emotional intelligence (EQ) using our 3Fs: Facts, Finesse, and Force. Solera has become a global technology leader that is constantly growing in the double digits. The principles, drills, and values associated with the Solera Way have been fundamental to Solera’s success and our ability to grow, continuously change, and innovate. Are You Uncommon? We’re on the hunt for an experienced Inside Sales Manager who ranks in the top quartile among their peers. Someone who has a highly competitive and entrepreneurial mindset that is wired with a team-first attitude, has no problem rolling up their sleeves to execute their missions, and can modulate between leading and following as needed. Position 80s What You’ll Be Doing Reporting to the VP of Sales, the ISM will be responsible for driving the results of an inside sales team consisting of 15 to 25 agents. The Sales Manager will train, motivate, coach, develop, and manage all members of their team to meet and exceed sales targets. The ISM must be comfortable working with senior-level decision makers, and enforcing business processes and policies. At Solera, we believe in providing clarity and focus to what our volunteers are responsible for – their mission. The 80’s, as we call them at Solera, are the employee’s priorities associated with their role or mission. The mission 80’s for this role, are: Additional responsibilities of the role include: Own and hit/exceed annual sales targets within assigned territory and accounts; Develop and execute strategic plans to achieve sales targets and to expand the company’s customer base; Oversee and manage a group of Inside Sales Representatives, typically spanning a wide geographical area; Pro-actively identifies opportunities for sales process improvement. Works closely with sales management to inspect sales process quality and prioritize opportunities for improvement; Maintains productive education and motivation by working directly one-on-one with the team members; Provides a work environment that recognizes employee achievements and addresses any concerns; Communicates and enforces employee policies and procedures; Build and manage an effective sales pipeline. Work with the team of sales representatives on their weekly/monthly sales goals; Partner with customers to understand their business needs and objectives. Takes part in the Performance Management efforts for their respective teams to achieve sales targets; Responsible for the discipline of employees up to and including termination of employment; Must be flexible to work extended/flexible hours, including weekends, holidays, evenings, etc., as necessary; and, All other related and/or additional responsibilities that may be required or assigned. Qualifications Are You Qualified? Bachelor’s Degree preferred; Required 5 years Minimum experience leading inside sales organizations with metric driven high-transactional based sales could be either large or small-scale transactions; Demonstrated ability to communicate, present and influence credibly and effectively to all levels of the organization, including Executives; Maintains a visible presence that encourages and supports employee communications; Strong reasoning, analytical and problem-solving skills; Excellent communication skills— can communicate clearly and effectively, verbally, in writing, and by electronic communications with both internal and external clients; Proven ability to motivate teams and manage conflict; High degree of integrity to handle confidential material; Ability to plan and prioritize tasks, to work well under pressure, and handle multiple tasks simultaneously; Ability to take initiative, identifying potential problems and solutions; Excellent interpersonal skills, judgment and decision-making skills; Ability to sit for multiple hours at a time and to work multiple hours a day at a computer keyboard; and, Ability to remain alert and focused during the work day. Our Space We believe that offices should be destinations where people want to be… places where people want to work, play and, collaborate. That is why we spend a lot of time on enhancing our workspaces. Solera’s work environments are intersections of the old and the new… of the past, present, and future. They are spaces designed to stimulate creative thinking, innovation, and cross- functional collaboration. We also embrace wellness. Whether it is our onsite or offsite workout centers, nutritional meals and beverages, or endless snacks for focus and energy. This wellness plan is our commitment to healthy living, which spans across our office environments.