It’s Time For A Change… Your Future Evolves Here Evolent Health has a bold mission to change the health of the nation by changing the way health care is delivered. Our pursuit of this mission is the driving force that brings us to work each day. We believe in embracing new ideas, challenging ourselves and failing forward. We respect and celebrate individual talents and team wins. We have fun while working hard and Evolenteers often make a difference in everything from scrubs to jeans. Are we growing? Absolutely—70.3% in year-over-year revenue growth in 2017. Are we recognized? Definitely. We have been named one of “Becker’s 150 Great Places to Work in Healthcare” in 2016 and 2017, and one of the “50 Great Places to Work” in 2017 by Washingtonian, and our CEO was number one on Glassdoor’s 2015 Highest-Rated CEOs for Small and Medium Companies. If you’re looking for a place where your work can be personally and professionally rewarding, don’t just join a company with a mission. Join a mission with a company behind it. _You will be working within larger IT Operations team where your peers are engaged in Infrastructure Management, Data Operations and overall production support functions._ What You’ll Be Doing: Manage (Install, configure, upgrade, maintain) Production and lower Database Environments Build and support configurations leveraging SQL Always On, windows fail over clustering, and transaction replication Elevate operational quality of production environment by implementing SQL Server best practices Provide support 24x7x365 for any incidents impacting application availability within the production environments Implement and maintain database security. Maintain all SQL services including but not limited to SSRS, SSIS, SSAS Perform database, application tuning and investigation at the virtual and SAN level You will build effective working relationships with multiple stakeholders across the organization. The Experience You’ll Need (Required): General: Bachelor’s degree in an IT related field 5-7 years of experience managing SQL Server 2008 r2 and higher versions 7-9 years of experience in T-SQL programming Must: Production mindset with concern for performance, availability and managed change Ability to develop custom solutions to support administrator role Strong documentation skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to present analysis results and findings in user-friendly format Big Plus: Exposure to MySQL, Hadoop, Azure technology Experience in healthcare industry DevOps or ITIL exposure Ability to establish and maintain trusting relationships with leadership and team members Flexibility - responsibilities may require evening and weekend work. Experience working with and guiding off-shore resources Evolent Health is an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants equally without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.