This position is for a thermal analyst in the Central Engineering organization. The candidate will be responsible for leadership and coordination of technical and schedule items for the thermal design, analysis, and testing of missile systems/components during ground operations and all phases of flight. Tasks involve the evaluation of thermal management requirements through the development and execution of analytical models and tests. Tasks also include the execution of software tools to predict and ambient and high speed aerodynamic heating environments and component thermal response, support for component and system ground tests to verify analytical models, and analysis of flight data to verify system performance. In addition, the candidate will provide technical documentation and input to data packages to support peer and customer reviews, present analysis data to engineering teams, customer technical representatives, and Program Office personnel at technical interchange meetings and design reviews, mentor junior engineers and cross-train other engineering disciplines, provide review, interpretation, flowdown, and implementation of program requirements, and plan tasks and monitor budget and schedule to reduce cost and cycle time. Desired Skills: Proven leadership and interpersonal skills. Excellent communication skills and dedication to Mission Success. Creativity/innovation to solve issues related to anomalous performance of any aspect of missile thermal systems. Experience with thermal tests and instrumentation. Knowledge of heatshield/insulation materials. Thermal analysis with missile/rocket systems in particular. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Thermal analysis experience in the aerospace industry. Extensive understanding and application of heat transfer principles. Proficiency with LM Space standard thermal software (e.g. NX Thermal). Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.