The Human Resources Specialist is responsible for administrative human resources related activity in support of Lucasfilm and will be the liaison between Lucasfilm and Disney HR COE teams. This will include, but is not limited to, on-boarding and off-boarding activities, orientations, preparing HR documents for SAP processing, report generation, auditing HR data for accuracy in SAP and local production tools, training employees on time entry, assisting employees to connect with the right resources for assistance, working on local HR programs and services. This role will perform other HR generalist related work as assigned. B.A. in HR-related field or Relevant Experience 1-2 years’ experience in HR coordination role Experience working in a fast paced production environment a plus Skills / Competencies: Positive / service oriented attitude Excellent written and verbal communication skills Attention to detail / well organized Proactive / excellent follow through Presentation skills / poise Maturity / discretion in handling sensitive/confidential information and issues Ability to work well independently and with a team Technical Skills: Fluent in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint) Experience with G Suite a plus Report writing experience a plus SAP experience a plus On-Boarding and Off- Boarding Activities Input on-boarding information into Disney and Lucasfilm systems. Ensure on-boarding position assignment is accurate and data syncing between Disney and Lucasfilm is functioning as expected. Facilitate new hire orientation and security training. Intake, complete and submit new hire paperwork to Disney COE team for completion of on-boarding process. Calendar benefits orientation webinars for new hires. Sending email to new hires providing links and information to the Lucasfilm and Disney internal websites. Provide information regarding time entry system and training. Input off- boarding information into Disney and Lucasfilm systems. Coordinate off- boarding time entry with exiting employee for final checks. Prepare exit documents. Meet with exiting employee. Collect company property. Prepare HR Documents, Generate Reports, Auditing Review time entry weekly, contact employees that have not submitted time. Facilitation of data change requests to Disney Organization Management and HR Operations COE teams (change examples: cost centers, reporting managers, titles, pay, bonuses, employee transfers, conversions, status and/or hour changes, and corrective actions). Maintain SAP position inventory for production groups. Audit to ensure all production titles are available for recruitment needs. Generation of weekly and ad hoc reports as requested. Request non-employee positions and submit non-employee data sheet to Global HR Ops team in order to activate worker in Disney systems. Add and remove non-employees and Disney on-site employees to Lucasfilm systems as requested and through audits. Perform regular audits to ensure HR systems and Lucasfilm systems have complete and accurate data. HR Administration First responder to employee questions. Guide employees to the correct resources. Handle escalation of issues as needed. Key contact for HR Business Partners and managers for issue resolution. Track issues and follow- up with Lucasfilm and Disney contacts through to resolution while maintaining effective communication with all affected stakeholders. Provide historical HR and payroll data, on approved template, for employee job verification requests when third-party vendor cannot provide. Point of contact for Worker’s Compensation claims. Meet with employee to intake information, provide WC medical facility information, and submit WC paperwork to vendor. Follow up with employee throughout the process. Keep HR BP, Manager, and Employee Relations (when needed) on status through to case closure. Maintain online personnel files. Process invoices for HR vendors. Maintain SOP documentation on job duties. Back up to other HR team members. HR Programs & Services Assist in the coordination of Lucasfilm specific programs, such as onsite banking, wellness events, onsite childcare, flu shots, special discount programs, etc. Assist Disney Benefits with onsite events such as Wellness Fair, biometric screenings, educational campaigns, commuter assistance. Track service dates and assist PR with logistics for annual service awards. 583503