Note: Please upload a copy of your resume and cover letter to your application. SUMMARY OF PURPOSE The Manager of Innovation Learning creates, develops, assesses, and improves online, onsite and offsite educational products, utilizing institutional assets, and with a primary focus on innovation learning specifically related to The Henry Ford (THF) venues and exhibit for learners and educators, in conjunction and collaboration with internal and external partners. Leads and manages the logistical and tactical implementation of all related STEM, STEAM, and project-based learning programs, products, and services. Initiates, engages in, and develops dynamic, sustainable relationships with educational leaders and audiences. Serves as the learning and engagement liaison or representative and a contributor on selected exhibit, project, and program teams. Is responsible and accountable for the successful execution of all functions. Reports to the Sr. Manager of Innovation & Interdisciplinary Learning Strategy. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Leads and manages the development of innovative education resources and a range of programs and products that encourage and support authentic, hands-on, and project-based innovation learning problems, utilizing an interdisciplinary approach that includes STEAM (science, technology, engineering, arts, and math), social studies, and that meet state and national standards. Leads and assists internal and external partners in the development of a range of programs, professional development experiences, and products that utilize institutional stories, artifacts, and resources, focused on and developed for pre-K through grades 12+ and higher education learners and educators. Prioritizes innovation learning project ideas and opportunities and assists in and takes lead on the development of selected ideas that align with a broad range of pre-K through grades 12+ level and higher education appropriate cross-curricular needs and standards, which engage learners and support educators for a variety of online, onsite, and offsite experiences. Works collaboratively with other project or program team members to ensure overall institutional criteria are met while designing products. Works closely with other staff to ensure integration of online and onsite and offsite products and services. Creates and contributes to educator/learner innovation learning resources using a variety of best practice hands-on learning teaching and learning approaches, that integrate curricular subjects such as STEAM (science, technology, engineering, arts, and math), social studies, and careers that incorporate institutional stories, objects, and lives. Resources will be problem- and standards-based, and should be informed by research on teaching and learning. Serves and contributes as the learning and engagement liaison or representative on selected exhibit, project, and program teams, assisting in the development of the design to ensure that curriculum connections are established with stories, objects, and lives depicted therein. Develops relationships with educators through online, onsite, and offsite events and programs. Leads educator advisory group discussions and incorporates educator input in the design and development of educational products. Leads and develops presentations and participates in workshops to highlight availability and encourage use of materials developed. Leads and manages in the development and implementation of high-quality teacher education and professional development initiatives that increase access and usage of our resources and stories, and in cultivating and maintaining a strong educational audience through marketing and relationship-building efforts. Coaches and advises leaders and staff in effective innovation teaching, presentation, and learning strategies for venue audiences. Collaborates, develops, and implements, with appropriate internal and external partners, ongoing education evaluation and program assessments, and participates in visitor studies, onsite observation, documentation, and data collection on public and school programs. Keeps current and shares knowledge on developments in curriculum instruction and technology for state and national curricula standards and best practices for learning in classroom and museum settings for the purpose of developing and improving programs, products and services. Participates in leadership meetings, planning sessions, and in the development and review of unit key indicators, goals, and objectives. Provides budget and financial oversight for selected education projects, including support for grant writing and extramural funding for educational initiatives, as needed. Coordinates the work of other institutional and external professionals that are part of the planning, implementation, and/or presentation of public and school programming. Facilitates dynamic and positive relationships and experiences with Henry Ford Academy. Acts as a team player and provides expertise within the team and with other teams as appropriate by maintaining and disseminating a working knowledge of educational theories, practice, standards, and direction. Responsible for development of creative work which includes, but is not limited to, publications in any medium, product, and program development and design, and all related collateral materials. Performs other duties as necessary. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Position requires a 4-year degree in STEM fields (Science, Technology, Engineering & Math) and/or Education or Museum Studies (Master’s Degree and museum or related experience preferred); proven knowledge and skill in developing STEAM related educational experiences and building relationships with education, school, and other visitor audiences. Knowledge of national and state curricular standards, current educational theories, and best practices strongly desired. A collaborative team member who believes in the power of co- creation and thinks broadly about education, community and visitor audiences, with proven management and leadership abilities required. Interdisciplinary instructional background and experience with online program development desired. Solid research skills and analyzing expertise required. Must be available to work days, evenings, and weekends as necessary. Valid Michigan driver's license. SPECIAL SKILLS Should be proficient with computer programs especially Microsoft programs (Excel, Word, Power Point). Strong oral and written communication skills, especially with and for education and school audiences; ability to function independently and to work as a member of a team; good interpersonal, organizational, problem-solving, and consensus-building skills; strong and varied program development skills; ability to work on multiple projects at a time; ability to develop creative work in a variety of media; ability to coordinate and lead professional development for educators and staff. PHYSICAL/MENTAL/ENVIRONMENTAL Physical: Sitting: 70% Standing: 30% Mental: Observation; creative thinking; problem solving; analytical skills; planning. Environment: All institutional venues; outdoors; office. 0 Email To A Friend Print Version