The primary responsibility of this position is provide Level 3 support within a Private School in Manhattan Qualifications While years of experience and certifications are pluses, we recognize intelligence, ability and potential is far more important. Proficient at designing, building or migrating, and maintaining Business networks and systems, including hardware. Window Servers and Active Directory, DNS. Secure and redundant infrastructures, i.e. AV, firewalls, GPO, high-availability solutions. Microsoft Exchange and email security/filtering solutions. DR/BC infrastructure. NFS, SMB, FTP, SSH, IIS configuration Some other technical facets, details or requirements of the position may include, but not limited to: Manage and execute projects to meet deadlines and client expectations. Guide L1 2 Systems Engineers on the remote and field engineering teams. Configure manage Microsoft Server Exchange 2003/2008R2/2012R2, with PowerShell expertise. Administer, configure, maintain, and upgrade various VMware technologies including, but not limited, to vCenter Server, vCenter Converter, vSphere, vMotion and Virtual SAN within 4.0 -5.5 environments. Administer, configure, maintain, and upgrade Citrix XenApp XenDesktop environments Administer and configure NAS and SAN technologies from various vendors, such as Aberdeen, Buffalo, EMC, HP and EqualLogic. Implementation and troubleshooting and training for Mimecast and various anti-spam technologies. Install, configure, and troubleshoot all network equipment, routers, firewall, switches, wireless access points, and SSL-VPN setups from various vendors, such as Cisco, Extreme, HP, Meraki, Netgear, SonicWALL, UniFi. Provide Disaster Recovery and backup solutions and support using eVault, Zerto, Veeam, Shadow Protect, and others. Main Duties Diagnose and resolve unique, nonrecurring problems associated with application software and operating systems; determine the source of problems and classify their level, priority and nature. To maintain a first-class level of customer service ensuring that all customers are treated efficiently and in an appropriate manner. Maintain inventory of installed software, manage software licensing and create policies and procedures for upgrades. Work with hardware and software vendors to verify timely product delivery and ensure that new equipment is installed and ready to operate on schedule. Document procedures, standards, best practices configurations, settings, installation sequences and back-out instructions Attributes: Critical thinker - exhibits good judgment and strong problem solving skills. Articulate - excellent verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical colleagues at all levels in the organization. Enthusiastic - highly motivated and diligent team player. Flexible - ability to manage changing priorities. Thoughtful - ethical, respectful, and fair. Looking for a place to be comfortable, challenged, and have some fun.