Mercer Advisors is a fee-only, independent RIA whose purpose is helping our clients achieve Economic Freedom. Established in 1985 as one of the nation’s first fee-only financial planning firms, we have a rich legacy of operating exclusively as a fiduciary. Unique to many RIAs we offer a full-suite of services all in house for our clients including investment management, financial planning, estate planning (in-house law firm), tax planning and preparation (on staff CPAs) and trustee services. With over $12 billion in assets and 8,000 clients we are growing rapidly through both organic and inorganic growth (14 acquisitions in last two years). We are looking for talented, motivated people like you who can add to the growth of our business and culture. Job Summary The Business Intelligence Analyst is an integral part of the Strategy & Business Intelligence team, the group responsible for informing strategic action and efficient business processes across the company. Senior Leadership, Sales, Marketing, Operations, and Finance organizations rely on this group to report on the operational activity and performance of the organization – from the client account level up to aggregated business-level results. The Business Intelligence Analyst will be responsible for researching, collecting, analyzing and reporting operational and business data from multiple sources. This position provides administrative and analytical support as needed to drive day-to-day efficiencies and decisions. Ability to work as a team as well as effectively manage his or her own projects and areas of responsibility are critical to success in this role. Ideal for an individual who is analytically minded, and fluid in manipulating and reporting on business and operational data, but who has an interest in participating in and gaining experience in the decisions that have real impact on business results. While not essential, experience in Financial Services and/or Technology fields would be very useful. Examples of activity areas of an analyst at this level would include: Creating a new report in Salesforce to enable Sales leadership to understand the status of prospect opportunities On-going management of a monthly process to report on asset flows in and out of the business Understanding the data needs of a strategic project and pulling data from different sources and assembling into a spreadsheet used by the project team Partnering with business team members to identify needs, define requirements and create a dashboard in Tableau to help individual Financial Advisors review their results – and then updating that dashboard on a weekly basis Researching and understanding differences in data definitions and filters influencing the results reported by 2 different systems, and why the results are different Creating, implementing and monitoring a process to ensure that a data field in Salesforce is maintained and accurate Qualifications Bachelor’s degree Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution strongly preferred (with preference to the fields of Business, Economics, Accounting, Finance, Sciences or Engineering) Successful completion of analytic coursework such as economics, mathematics, or physical sciences Minimum 2 years of operations experience Excellent verbal, written, analytical and organizational skills Ability to demonstrate flexibility and adaptability in an environment with rapidly changing business and technology needs Proficiency with MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook,VBA, MySQL Self-motivated and proactive with the ability to work in a team Working Conditions: Professional office environment. Working inside. Standing and sitting. Will be assigned to a workstation. No heavy lifting over 10 lbs. We can offer you an exciting, fast-paced working environment, and the opportunity to play a vital role in our growth. Mercer Advisors is an equal opportunity employer offering a competitive salary and benefit package. We not accepting unsolicited resumes from agencies and/or search firms for this job posting.