Position Information Posting Number S00768P Position Title ETL Developer II (S00768P) Department Enterprise Architecture Location Ft. Worth Job Family Information Technology Position Status Full-time Work Hours Standard Work Schedule Monday-Friday 8am-5pm Open to External and Internal FLSA Salary Salary is commensurate based on qualifications and relevant experience Duration Funding expected to continue Pay Basis Monthly Benefits Eligible Yes Job Summary ETL Programmer will be responsible for the development and implementation of the data warehouse that supports the enterprise’s BI initiative. This person will be expected to have a solid understanding of the Company’s data model and the ability to design solutions and processes which combine disparate data into meaningful reporting and analysis that can be easily understood by customers and internal audiences. This person must have the ability to understand complex data relationships and business requirements and formulate efficient and reliable solutions to difficult problems. This person should have experience in end to end design, development and implementation of Data Warehouse starting from requirements to the end user reports and analytics. This person must have a very strong communication and analytical skills and ability to work with developers, DBAs, Business and Architects. Very strong in design and implementation of star schema modeling . Essential Duties and Responsibilities 1\. Design, develop, maintain and support integration between source data systems and data warehouse using industry best practices to service reporting community. 2\. Work with business users to analyze complex business processes, develop requirements, and provide technical solutions to meet the reporting requirements of the business. 3\. Create and document changes to ETL processes, schema design, and database objects. 4\. Provide production support to resolve any issues within the scope of the data warehouse and reporting tool set. Required Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Finance, or Accounting or equivalent experience. Minimum 5+ years of experience with the development and implementation of enterprise-level data-warehousing and supporting business intelligence initiatives Experience with ETL and Data Integration tools such as Cognos Data Manager and Oracle ODI. Experience gathering and documenting reporting requirements from stakeholders at both executive and operational levels Demonstrated working knowledge in designing reporting data sets, related meta-data, and reports Expert knowledge of Microsoft PowerPoint and Microsoft Excel tools Demonstrated strong data visualization skills and strong attention to detail Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Finance, or Accounting, or equivalent work experience required. Demonstrated Working knowledge of Oracle SQL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Strong understanding of all phases of the application development lifecycle and project management disciplines. Ability to work on multiple projects with competing deadlines while paying strong attention to detail and analytics. Excellent organization, teamwork, problem-solving, and communication (verbal and written) skills. Ability to work well with people in all levels of the organization. Preferred Qualifications Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field Intermediate to Expert knowledge in designing reports using advanced reporting tools such as OBI/EE, Discoverer, R, BI Publisher, PS Query, Tableau or SAS. Demonstrated Working knowledge of Data Warehouse Reporting & Dashboarding Tools such as OBI/EE, Discover, Cognos, Tableau or SAS Experience with PeopleSoft 9.x Certifications in supported technologies Experience with ERD modeling software Working Conditions Special Conditions for Eligibility EEO Statement UTA is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action institution. Minorities, women, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Additionally, the University prohibits discrimination in employment on the basis of sexual orientation. A criminal background check will be conducted on finalists. The UTA is a tobacco free campus. Posting Detail Information Number of Vacancies 1 Desired Start Date Open Date Review Start Date Open Until Filled Yes Special Instructions to Applicants Applicants must include in their online resume the following information: 1) Employment history: name of company, period employed (from month/year to month/year), job title, summary of job duties and 2) Education: If no high school diploma or GED, list highest grade completed; If some college or college degree, list school name, degree type, major.