What you’ll be doing... MEC is recognized as one of the key emerging technologies for 5G networks. Heterogeneous computing will play a critical role for future edge computing platforms. You will work alongside members of the Architecture & Advanced Technologies team of NFV to develop heterogeneous computing to address mobile edge computing challenges from context-aware performance optimization to smart and efficient MEC scheduling to optimize resource allocation and to enhance reliability and scalability. Architect and design our next generation Edge Computing platform and ecosystem that is secure and reliable. Develop cloud architectures and control techniques for ensuring low latency, high availability and other Quality of Service (QoS) characteristics. Deployment and management of virtualized resources at scale, including virtual machines, containers, and ‘serverless’ systems. Define compute, virtualization, storage and data analysis technologies to be deployed at the edge. Develop edge cloud security and resource isolation. Define dependencies of Mobile/multi-access computing (MEC), with 5G and Cloud networking (RAN, CRAN). Participate and lead in MEC related industry standard meetings and forums, assessing start-up companies, and proposing MEC architecture for Verizon. Partner with internal organizations to author MEC technical requirements. What we’re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field, or four or more years of work experience. Six or more years of relevant work experience. Distributed software design & development experience. Experience building Container based solutions using Kubernetes, and/or Docker Data Center/swarm. Experience in one or more of the following cloud platform security: Cloud Foundry, Openshift, AWS Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google App Engine, Heroku, IoT Edge, or other PaaS technologies. Experience in two of the following languages: Go, Java, C, Ruby, Python and Node.js. Experience in OS virtualization and containerization isolation technologies. Even better if you have: A degree. Extensive work experience from technology companies (preferred from large internet and cloud companies). Hands-on experience developing solutions with Infrastructure as a Service and Configuration management tools like (Ansible, OpenStack, Chef, Puppet, etc.) Strong Scripting Skills (Python, Perl, Bash, etc.) Strong Knowledge of IP Networking including Virtual Private Cloud, VPN, SDN, DNS, Load-balancing, and Firewalls. Strong knowledge of storage technologies, and ability to design storage for performance and resiliency, including SAN, NAS, Cloud Storage Technologies for block and Object storage. Hands-on experience administrating and managing consumption of Public Cloud Services in a large multi-team environment. Azure Experience preferred. A proven track record delivering large system to a predefined schedule. Experience in one or more of following open source projects is a plus: Docker, RabbitMQ, Cloudfiy, ElasticSearch, CoreOS/etcd, Kubernetes, Openstack. Familiarity with FPGA, GPU, NPU and other HW acceleration techniques. When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better.