Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leader in digital services with pro forma annual revenue of circa € 12 billion and circa 100,000 employees in 72 countries. Serving a global client base, the Group provides Consulting & Systems Integration services, Managed Services & BPO, Cloud operations, Big Data & Cyber-security solutions, as well as transactional services through Worldline, the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry. With its deep technology expertise and industry knowledge, the Group works with clients across different business sectors: Defense, Financial Services, Health, Manufacturing, Media, Utilities, Public sector, Retail, Telecommunications, and Transportation. Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. The Group is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and is listed on the Euronext Paris market. Atos operates under the brands Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Responsible for performing computer operations tasks in a large Mainframe, Wintel/UNIX, AS400 data center environment to include duties for daily monitoring of consoles, utilization of support tools, perform batch processing, monitor mainframe and midrange environments. Monitors alerting systems (SevOne/Netcool, IOC) for system messages and alerts Monitors IBM mainframe consoles, analyze system messages, troubleshoot and resolves events, performs IPL's Performs Production Control duties for mainframe and midrange batch utilizing scheduling toolsets, execute jobs for batch processing and monitor to completion, troubleshoot/triage job failures and work closely with support teams to identify root cause identification and resolution Escalates/reports the repair of Mainframe, AS/400 and Windows/Unix servers Perform level 1/2 Windows OS maintenance and troubleshooting Monitors performance of all enterprise servers, networks, communications devices, etc. Ensure department standards, procedures, and processes are followed, adherence to service level agreements, monitor processing issue resolution activities to ensure completion in a satisfactory and timely manner Availability to work day or night shift, adhere to 12 hr work schedule, work weekends and holidays when required Logical thinker with ability to solve complex problems, quickly analyze problems and implement solutions, adapt to data center evolving environment as required Ensure Incident tickets are initiated and kept updated, provide accurate description of issue, document detailed work activity, see issue to resolution or escalate to next tier. Your Application If you wish to apply for this position, please click below to complete our online application form and attach your CV in either Word, rtf or text format. Atos does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, sex, age, disability or sexual orientation. All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and relevant business requirements. We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to the applications process for people with disabilities.