Overview Contribute to a Safer, More Secure, and More Sustainable World. At UL, we know why we come to work. Thousands of us around the world wake up every day with one common purpose – to make the world a safer, more secure, and more sustainable place to live. We clear the way for our customers to introduce the latest products, technological advances, and systems in an increasingly complex world so they can provide peace of mind to the market. Our integrity is woven throughout our company and shapes the way we approach deliver our solutions. We are proud that the work we do every day has a meaningful contribution to society. We continue to build upon our legacy of trusted expertise and partnership to keep our communities safe and secure as we march forward into the future. This helps us to sleep better at night, and we are confident that the millions of people we touch rest easier too. Responsibilities Setting up test protocols for product security testing and working with one of the senior security analysts to determine priority and order of testing Conduct security testing and create security test reports with oversight from senior security analysists, as needed Support security lab operations by maintaining lab equipment, configurations, test apparatus, tool evaluations, and other activities as assigned by the Lab Manager Qualifications Position requires minimum BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science and/or related technical field or equivalent experience Minimum of two (2) years’ experience in security testing, software development, and/or ethical hacking Experience scripting in one (1) or more of the following languages: sh, csh, perl, python, awk, ruby and programming experience in C, C++, Java Experience installing and using various OS distributions and application packages. Hands-on experience with commercial, open source and free security testing solutions such as AppCheck, Fortify, Maltego. Kali Linux, Nessus, OpenVAS, Qualys, Core Impact Pro, MetaSploit, nmap, nessus, ettercap, static source code analysis tools, fuzzing tools, dynamic binary testing tools Experience scripting in one (1) or more of the following languages: sh, csh, perl, python, awk, ruby and/orprogramming experience in C, C++, Java Candidate must be a self-motivated individual that is dedicated to exceeding client expectations, be willing to contribute to team efforts, and possess strong oral and written communication skills. Experience with cybersecurity testing of products and software to identify weaknesses and flaws is a plus. Candidate should be able to program small lab instrumentation platforms such as Ardiuno or Raspberry Pi, and create simple testing fixtures for products. Understanding of security issues on various operating systems, open source web and database platforms Solid project management skills