A. Duie Pyle is the Northeast’s premier transportation and logistics provider, offering solutions for LTL, Truckload, Custom Dedicated and Warehousing & Distribution. Through established partnerships our service coverage extends into the Southeast, Midwest, Canada and the Caribbean. A family-owned and operated business for more than 90 years, A. Duie Pyle provides a complete range of integrated transportation and distribution services supported by transportation service centers, and warehouses strategically located throughout the region. EOE/M/F/D/V Customer Service is the main point of contact for all Customer needs. CSRs predominantly interact with Customers (both internal and external) via phone, fax and e-mail to provide information in response to inquiries, to resolve issues, and to handle requests. Ideal CSR candidates consistently go above and beyond to ensure Customer satisfaction. They demonstrate professionalism, empathy, exceptional listening skills, strong attention to detail, a sense of urgency, strong written and verbal communication skills, a positive attitude, good judgment and problem solving skills, the ability to stay calm under intense pressure and excellent follow-up skills. Position Responsibilities : Schedule pick-ups; trace shipments; provide shipment ETAs, rate quotes and freight charges; coordinate with both internal and external customers to resolve inquiries; schedule delivery appointments; make proactive courtesy calls. Use multiple resources, reports, data and systems to provide proactive care for Customers. Document all Customer interactions for tracking purposes. Understand and follow all processes and adhere to company policies. Meet the standards for all Key Performance Indicators (Call Quality, Adherence to Schedule, “Make Busy” %, Contacts Per Hour). Participate in on-going training, focus groups, meetings and process improvement initiatives. Leadership may assign other duties as necessary. Pyle People Deliver! Ask a Pyle driver about our Company and Culture. Open door policy. Company leaders know your name. 4th generation of family ownership. Family owners and Senior Leadership regularly visit every location to listen to employees. Committed to assuring a secure future for the 2,700 families that depend upon Pyle for their livelihood. At least 2 years of experience working with Customers Experience in a fast paced, changing work environment Must believe in and support the A. Duie Pyle Core Values Basic typing skills Computer literacy in a Windows based environment Knowledge of MS Word, Excel and Outlook Experience using e-mail and the internet Must be able to meet both productivity and quality standards Ability to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines independently Ability to handle multiple tasks at once and be adaptable to a changing environment. Scheduling flexibility to meet the needs of the business, including early morning hours, evening hours and non-traditional holidays (6:30 am – 7 pm scheduling flexibility desired) As an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status Keywords: Customer Service, Typing, Listening, Customer, Service, CSR, C.S.R., customer service, customer service rep, customer service representative, customer support, customer care, support, care.