Business Analyst Duties & Responsibilities Systems Design, Analysis and Reporting (50%) Analyzes current and future state business processes Evaluates alternatives and formulates scope and objectives to create or modify an application Works with business users to align on system versus business needs Documents requirement specifications for software developers/programmers including business process logic, alternative process flows and testing criteria Writes reports to support business requests using Alteryx, PowerBI, PowerPivot, PowerQuery Executes implementation tasks and ensures successful go-live System Support (25%) Provides subject matter expertise and partners with the IS Helpdesk to provide day-to-day application support to business users Troubleshoots production problems and works to fix issues Understands technology and systems infrastructure Trains users on system processes and changes Performs other duties as assigned that support overall objective of the position User Interface/Communications (15%) Communicate with users to develop application definitions Work with users on requirements details and process designs Work with users and co-workers to manage a project from concept through testing and rollout Responsible for ensuring that the systems meet the needs of the business through user acceptance testing Value and embrace teamwork and joint collaboration and be responsible for successful completion of tasks Other (10%) Participate in project and administrative meetings Train users on system processes Prepare project status reports Maintains compliance to Sarbanes/Oxley (SOX) 5 years experience in an analyst role performing business system analysis and writing requirements/user-stories and defining test plans Qualifications 3-5 years experience in general IT environment within corporate setting. Experience in the following technologies: BS/BA in business management information systems, computer science, software engineering, business, or equivalent technical degree required. Understands and experienced with custom application development, supply chain systems, ERP, supplier relationship management and quality management systems Ability to design multi-source reports using tools (Alteryx, PowerBI, PowerQuery, PowerPivot). Thrives in a fast-paced environment with multiple project assignments. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks while under pressure. Ability to work independently with minimum supervision. Excellent analytical and creative problem solving skills. Strong verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills. Possesses strong organizational skills. Strong customer service orientation.