Cognizant is hiring for "Infrastructure Architect" in Boston - MA. Interested candidates who are willing to relocate within USA can apply. Relocation assistance will be provided. Note: “Cognizant will not sponsor H-1B or other U.S. work authorization, or lawful permanent residence (otherwise known as a “Green Card”) for this role.” Responsibilities: Batch Scripting for Patches deployment & rollback, Patches pre-requisites check, Software installs et cetera. PowerShell scripting for various Automations involving LogMeIn tool features Remote Windows OS Administration and Troubleshooting skills Manual & Automating Remote Windows OS health-check using System Tools (Resource Monitor, Services, Event Viewer et cetera) Working on Production issues post patch-deployments Windows OS & Software Patches Review and Risk Analysis Good communication skills, paying attention to detail & should be a good team player Nice to Have: Application Packaging Windows Imaging Conceptual knowledge on Symantec End-Point Protection Good windows OS patching experience, they are specifically looking for windows 10 Remote Desktop administration knowledge Application Packaging knowledge and understanding Scripting knowledge, to effectively use the one 2 many feature in LogMeIn Central Project planning, design and execution Good Communication skills. Cognizant is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. Cognizant is committed to ensuring that all current and prospective associates are afforded equal opportunities and treatment and a work environment free of harassment Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service. Job Location : Boston, Massachusetts, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 02 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.