Responsibilities: Intern will support lead clinical research coordinator for the International Perthes Study Group (IPSG) project. Intern will actively participate in research patient recruitment, including reviewing clinic schedules to identify participants, consenting new patients and families, collecting follow-up data, conducting chart reviews, and entering data into the study database. Intern will maintain clinical research forms and organize paperwork for each enrolled research participant. Provide necessary updates to paperwork and formatting, as determined by the clinical research coordinator. Intern will report to lead clinical research coordinator to communicate updates, issues, and progress on a routine basis. Intern will assist lead coordinator in initial data cleaning and review of data. Run frequent data reports and data quality rules to ensure data completion for TSRH and all collaborating centers. Intern will assist lead coordinator with assembling presentations, preparing IPSG membership reports, conducting literature reviews, providing recruitment updates, managing the IPSG website and Facebook page, developing training videos for collaborating centers, contribute to quarterly newsletter production, and various other administrative tasks related to the day-to-day management of IPSG. Education/Experience: High school degree required. Students pursuing an undergraduate degree or considering a gap year are encouraged to apply. Intern must be available for a minimum of 20-25 hours per week for at least 12 months and the ability to 1) have working knowledge of Microsoft Office suites, especially Excel, experience with basic statistics, EndNote, Microsoft Outlook, or REDCap is a plus 2) Use the Internet and conduct literature searches 3) be well-equipped to interact with children ages 1-18 and their families who have multiple health concerns 4) have good written and oral communication skills 4) Be self- motivated and flexible team-player interested in professional development. Should have exceptional time management skills, be willing to take responsibility, and acts in a professional manner at all times 5) A willingness to learn work routines and research methods, adhere to required deadlines and is detail oriented.