At Boston Children’s Hospital, success is measured in patients treated, parents comforted and teams taught. It’s in discoveries made, processes perfected, and technology advanced. In major medical breakthroughs and small acts of kindness. And in colleagues who have your back and patients who have your heart. As a teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School, our reach is global and our impact is profound. Join our acclaimed Orthopedic Surgery and Research team and discover how your talents can change lives. Yours included. The Administrative Associate I will be responsible for: Providing routine office support, such as answering and routing telephone calls, opening and sorting mail, filing, collating and photocopying documents and other related tasks, as needed. Preparing conference rooms for meetings. Receiving materials for input into various databases, such as invoices, food/supply/service orders, departmental statistics, and/or other related information. Inputting specified data from source documents into hospital and/or departmental computer systems. Maintaining related logs and records. Sorting, printing and distributing various periodic reports and/or labels according to established schedules. Typing routine or standardized letters, memoranda, forms and other similar materials from template or rough draft. Routing materials for needed signatures or authorizations. Monitoring and restocking inventory of standard office supplies as necessary. To qualify, you must have: A high school level of educational development and three to six months of experience. The analytical skills to gather and interpret data in situations in which the information or problems are relatively routine. The ability to exchange information on factual matters, schedule appointments, greet visitors, explain hospital policies, and/or relay messages to appropriate personnel. Courtesy and tact when dealing with patients, visitors and/or hospital employees. More sensitive situations may be referred to others as appropriate. Boston Children’s Hospital offers competitive compensation and unmatched benefits, including a flexible schedule, affordable health, vision and dental insurance, generous levels of time off, 403(b) Retirement Savings plan, Pension, Tuition Reimbursement, and discounted rates on T-passes (50% off). Discover your best. Boston Children’s Hospital is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.