Job Summary: Seeking an experienced and motivated senior level Oracle Database Engineer / Architect / Administrator to support highly innovated team of Oracle Database Engineers in Dallas, TX. Only highly-qualified candidates will be contacted. Please include resume and salary requirements in application. Viscosity North America is a consulting company based in Dallas, Texas, and specialized on Oracle technology. We help companies gain maximum value from the money they’ve spent on Oracle software and ensure their environments are tuned and architected in the most efficient, scalable and stable ways. Viscosity is an Oracle Platinum Partner and one of the up and coming providers of complex Oracle Technology consulting services. We are experiencing strategic growth and seeking top talent to join our team. Why join Viscosity? What sets us apart from our competition? The answer is our core values: Exercise the highest integrity in all we do Ensure clients are delighted in our work (every client is a reference) Maintain excellence in knowledge of the technology and solutions we support Continually train our team / knowledge transfer Responsibilities : Installing software for Linux, Unix, Windows Servers, and Oracle Grid Infrastructure and Database Creating databases for Container and Pluggable Database Install and configure RAC and ASM Install and configure Data Guard, GoldenGate, Attunity, and SharePlex Performing upgrades of the database and software to new release levels Starting up and shutting down the database Managing the database's storage structures Managing users and security for database infrastructure Managing database audits and compliance reporting Managing schema objects, such as tables, indexes, and views Making database backups and performing recovery when necessary Proactively monitoring the database's health and taking preventive or corrective action as required Monitoring and tuning database performance from SQL to infrastructure Perform day-to-day database administrative tasks Participate on the on-call rotation Qualifications and Experience : Oracle Database 12c Release 1 and 2 or greater experience : Advanced Oracle DBA experience with Oracle 12c on Unix/Linux/Solaris platforms Oracle 12c Container and Pluggable DB Tuning the database for optimal performance in large scaled environment Patching Database Oracle RMAN, DataPump, Export/Import, Data Guard Oracle database Security Hardening Strong Data Guard background Implemented GoldenGate, Attunity, or SharePlex required Implemented RAC and ASM with deep knowledge of the technology Experienced supporting and patching Oracle Engineered Systems - Exadata, ODA, Exalogic, PCA, ZFS, and etc. Must have experience working with Oracle Cloud, Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud Experience using monitoring tools such as: Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) Oracle Diagnostics and Tuning Packs : Oracle SQL Plan Management is a must Unix/Linux shell scripts for monitoring Controlling and monitoring user access to the database. Monitoring and optimizing the performance of the database Planning for backup and recovery (Control Files, Redo Logs, Rollback Segments, System Data Files, etc) of database information. Maintaining archived data on tape. Backing up and restoring the database (On-line and Complete) Additional Desired Skills & Competencies: Oracle Certification preferred Salary: Up to 150k or commensurate with experience Full Time Employment (No contract) Location: Dallas, TX and 25% travel required