Geoscience Technician Students Seeking Full Time Opportunities for 2019 Location: Houston, TX, US Company: ExxonMobil Primary Job Function ExxonMobil provides geoscience technicians the opportunity to develop a wide range of skills and expertise throughout their careers. Geoscience technicians will develop broad backgrounds necessary to manage, QC, and integrate various geoscience datasets and repositories in support of the exploration and production process. ExxonMobil provides both formal and on-the-job training in data management, subsurface mapping techniques, data integration, and analysis in various geoscience applications and geospatial tools. ExxonMobil geoscience technicians are deployed across the Upstream to support the Corporation's goal of finding, developing and producing hydrocarbon resources and reserves. A geoscience technician at ExxonMobil can expect to support geoscience project teams across different business stages from exploration to development through production over the course of their career. Additional geoscience technician support roles can include seismic data processing, formation evaluation, etc. Job Role Responsibilities Geoscience technicians with ExxonMobil are expected to develop a broad range of data integrity and fundamental geoscience skills to support project teams across exploration, development and production functions. Assignments will provide the opportunity to acquire these fundamental skills through on-the-job experience and training. Over the span of a career, geoscience technicians may be deployed to multiple assignments across our various Upstream companies: Exploration Company Assignments are at the basin to play to prospect scale and focus on identifying and assessing new hydrocarbon discoveries. Regional teams integrate data on play to basin scales to identify areas for future exploration or to better define an existing exploration trend. New opportunity teams typically work in unexplored and under-explored areas, leveraging new concessions or discoveries that help confirm prospectivity and provide the opportunity to capture and mature blocks and prospects. Operation teams drill wildcat wells to test prospect viability and commerciality. Development Company Assignments are at field scale, working on discovered undeveloped assets. Geoscience technicians in these roles support their geoscientists in delivering accurate subsurface descriptions and communicating key risks and uncertainties in support of development planning, facilities design, construction, commissioning, and startup of major Upstream capital projects. Development drillwell planning, detailed reservoir characterization and integration with engineering studies are key activities at this business stage. Production Company Assignments are at the reservoir to field scale and focus on defining, developing and depleting new or mature existing fields. A strong emphasis in these assignments will be manage and maintain geologic interpretation, geophysical data, and other data types such as core, fluids, outcrops, and seismic. Work may also include generation of derivative products for geoscientists and engineering team members. Upstream Research Company Focus is on the development of proprietary, high-impact technologies in support of the upstream operating companies. The approach is to align with upstream priorities and key geoscience and engineering technology issues; focus on timely and effectively technology delivery; provide expert consulting, unique laboratory capability and technical training. Geoscience technicians in the Upstream Research Company support this effort using their data integrity skills to find, transfer, manage, and integrate various datasets in support of research team geoscientists and engineers. Preferred Skills and Experience Adaptability, teamwork, excellent communication skills, and a commitment to high safety and ethical standards are requirements. In addition, candidates should be able to work effectively within and across diverse team environments. The company regards its long-term approach to hiring and career development as the foundation of its future success as a company, and as a source of great opportunity for employees who want to grow their skills and capabilities for a long-term career. Job Requirements Candidates should have BSc in Geology/Geophysics or Geography/GIS Candidates should have a fundamental background in data management as well earth sciences, physical sciences, and mathematics. Geoscience technicians hired through campus recruiting programs will start work in one of the following companies: ExxonMobil Exploration Company, ExxonMobil Production Company, ExxonMobil Development Company, ExxonMobil Upstream Research Company, or XTO Energy Alternate Location: United States : Houston, Texas ExxonMobil is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. Nearest Major Market: Houston Job Segment: Technician, Engineer, Geology, GIS, Consulting, Technology, Engineering