TE Connectivity’s Information Security and Compliance Teams execute security controls to prevent hackers from infiltrating company information or jeopardizing e-commerce programs. They research attempted efforts to compromise security protocols, maintain security systems for routers and switches, administer security policies to control access to systems, maintain the company’s firewall and use applicable encryption methods. TE’s Security and Compliance Teams also provide information to management regarding the negative impact on the business caused by theft, destruction, alteration or denial of access to information. The Security Intelligence Team is responsible for transforming security information and events into actionable intelligence. The team helps the Security and Risk Management Organization understand the efficacy of our controls, gaps in our architecture and roadmap, changes in the threat landscape, alignment with frameworks, risk posture, etc. They help us understand our risk by providing visibility into our environment and intelligence based upon our controls. This team builds the analytical tools and orchestrates the data that drives the decision-making processes in the Security and Risk Management Organization. They are responsible for modeling complex problems, discovering insights and identifying opportunities through the use of statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques. Responsibilities & Qualifications As the Team Lead of the Security Intelligence Team, the qualified candidate will be responsible for identifying the data and tools required to fulfill the team’s mission. They will be responsible for setting the future vision for the team and the roadmap for achieving that vision. The Team Lead of the Security Intelligence Team is both a leader and a technical contributor. From a leadership perspective, the Team Lead will be responsible for planning and coordinating the activities of the team, allocating the resources of the team and providing technical and organizational leadership. They will mentor team members professionally and technically. They will be responsible for the quality of services and data provided through this team. They will be responsible for coordinating the efforts, planning the roadmap, identifying and addressing the technical gaps and setting the course for this team. They will be responsible for aligning the team’s roadmap and plans with that of the larger Cyber Security Team, the Security and Risk Management Team, the TE Information Solutions Team and TE Connectivity in general. They will assist in the budgeting and review processes. As a technical contributor, the Team Lead will be responsible (when required) to lead projects and perform investigations. They will be responsible for the planning of new technology investments and their integration into the environment, whether through internally hosted or external service offerings. They will be responsible for the orchestration of the controls and services to provide cohesive, measurable and effective intelligence. Transforming data into intelligence through the use of analytics tools Designing experiments, testing hypotheses, and building models. Conducting advanced data analysis and complex design algorithms. Applying statistical and predictive modeling techniques to build, maintain, and improve on multiple real-time decision systems Leading discovery processes with the Security and Risk Management organization to identify the business requirements and the expected outcome Identifying what data is available and relevant, including internal and external data sources and leveraging new data collection processes Collaborating with subject matter experts to select the relevant sources of information Making strategic recommendations on data collection, integration and retention requirements incorporating business requirements and knowledge of best practices Working through iterative processes with the team to validate findings through experimental designs and scenario modeling Working with the data owners to ensure that the information used is in-compliance with the regulatory and security policies in place. Provide leadership to a technical, results-oriented team Mentor team members professionally and technically Responsible for assisting in the cybersecurity roadmap, and implementation of capabilities for securing the companies information assets. Assist in the technology vision and leadership to teams and ensure overall strategic vision, mission, and culture Competencies Motivating Others Building Effective Teams Managing and Measuring Work Values: Integrity, Accountability,Teamwork, Innovation SET : Strategy, Execution, Talent (for managers)