The Operations Group Assistant provides legal document processing, along with varied administrative and technical support to all Firm personnel utilizing document software applications, document management systems, and Firm-specific workflow interfaces. Creates, revises, scans, converts, and troubleshoots documents across multiple software applications and media. Coordinates large- scale batch printing projects from both internal and external sources. Provides supplemental support, as needed, across other office support functions. Qualifications ESSENTIAL PRIMARY FUNCTIONS Performs advanced-level document processing support for all types of legal documents, including highly complex, extremely large, and/or problematic files. Completes intermediate- and advanced-level spreadsheet and graphics work, such as formatting, tables, images, and screen shots. Provides quality control by proofreading all work for accuracy and completeness. Performs additional proofreading tasks as requested. Creates templates or shells for routine legal documents. Transcribes dictation from audiotape and/or types from handwritten documents. Scans and converts text and/or documents from one software program to another, or between different forms of media storage. Creates binders and document indices. Creates Indices of Defined Terms, Tables of Contents and Tables of Authorities within existing legal documents, using appropriate formatting, coding, and related software utilities. Answers phones and handles intake of job requests. Coordinates printing and organization of data room document projects. Provides support and troubleshooting assistance as related to document-specific questions. Demonstrates effective interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills to facilitate effective working relationships with others. Manages Firm resources responsibly. Complies with and understands Firm operations, policies and procedures. ESSENTIAL SECONDARY FUNCTIONS Provides backup coverage for Records, as requested. Answers night bell and routes incoming calls after business hours. Assists with scanning, copying and printing of documents. Demonstrates knowledge of emergency preparedness and location of emergency resources/supplies, and acts as lead in emergency situations after business hours. Liases with travel service/cab companies, messenger/delivery services and related third-party support services after business hours. Performs other related duties as assigned. ESSENTIAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, ABILITIES AND OTHER JOB-RELATED COMPETENCIES Demonstrated advanced proficiency in the Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), and related scanning and conversion utility programs, such as Adobe Acrobat Pro, Nuance, and OmniPage Pro Demonstrated proficiency with Firm-wide workflow intake/tracking system, such as Skadden's Global Assignment Tracking System (GATS) and related workflow policies and protocols Advanced proficiency in use of legal utilities such as Litera Change-Pro for redlining, CiteAdvisor (or native software processes) for creation of tables of legal citation (TOAs, TOCs), and current utilities for indexing and cross-referencing functions Advanced proficiency with Firm-specific software macros and add-ons for specific document customization Knowledge and familiarity with use and manipulation of and between multiple forms of digital media and storage, to include USB devices, thumb drives, external drives, CDs, DVDs, zip drives, email attachments, Internet sites, internal or external databases, and third-party virtual data storage locations Mastery of batch printing processes and free-flow equipment, using QDirect/CD Print (or similar high volume document flow) print server software and related high-speed printers, copiers, scanners, and multi-function devices Knowledge of graphics software and features, such as Visio Proficiency with time entry programs (such as DTE Axiom) and records management database software (such as Skadden Records Management System) Demonstrated proficiency with proofreading techniques Ability to liase and coordinate resources through other departments or third-party vendors Flexibility to learn and perform a wide range of tasks Ability to read, listen, interpret and follow written and verbal instructions. Proficiency with basic mathematical functions Ability to sit and stand, use hands repetitively, lift and carry up to 25 pounds Knowledge of relevant firm computer software programs (e.g., Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint), with the ability to learn new software and operating systems, such as eDocs or similar document management systems, OCR/scanning software, CD/DVD duplicating software Demonstrates effective interpersonal skills and ability to communicate patiently, diplomatically, accurately and effectively both verbally and in writing Demonstrates concentration, alertness and close attention to detail Excellent analytical, troubleshooting, organizational, and planning skills Ability to handle multiple projects, assignments, deadlines and shifting priorities/responsibilities Ability to handle sensitive matters and maintain confidentiality Ability to organize and prioritize work Ability to work well in a demanding and fast-paced environment Ability to work well independently as well as effectively within a team Flexibility to work flexible hours and/or non-standard shifts, to include evening and weekend hours, adjust hours and work the hours necessary to meet operating and business needs Experience/Education High school diploma or equivalent required; bachelor's degree preferred Minimum of five years of experience within a legal word processing support team