Who we are: Rover.com connects pet parents with the nation’s largest network of pet sitters and dog walkers. On Rover, pet parents can easily discover, book, and manage personalized care for their dogs including pet sitting, dog walking, and doggy day care. Founded in 2011 on the belief that everyone should have the opportunity to experience the unconditional love of a dog, Rover improves and simplifies life for pet parents and the dogs they love. We're headquartered in downtown Seattle. We're an agile, fast-growing startup, and our leadership comes from some of the country's most respected tech companies. Our Senior Leadership team has been recognized by Forbes, Seattle Business, and Geekwire. For the past three years we have been nominated as one of Seattle's "Best Places to Work" by Seattle Business Magazine, and celebrated awards in 2016 and 2017 by Seattle Met magazine and the Puget Sound Business Journal. We're also the recipient of World’s Most Dog-Friendly Offices in 2016 by Inc.com. Needless to say (but we're going to say it anyway)—we love dogs, and we wouldn't dream of going to work without them by our sides. Who we're looking for: Over the last 7 years, Rover has achieved many important milestones, however we are most proud of the culture we’ve built and the many wonderful employees we’ve hired to our organization over the years. We are looking for a seasoned Benefits and HRIS Administrator/Analyst who will help us maintain our current culture by helping us select and implement the best benefits to our employees. In this role, you will own researching, implementing and administering benefits on Rover's self funded plan. Additionally you will be the owner and facilitator of our HRIS tool (Ultipro), which will continue to grow in it's complexity as our employee population continues to expand. To help us determine which benefits to roll out to our employees, you will conduct internal and external research and make proposals to our HR team, our CFO and our C Suite. The goal of the People Operations Team is to make Rover the best place our employees have ever worked. Can you help us get there? :) The ideal candidate for this role has successfully supported self funded plans in the past, and has a knack for HRIS systems and reporting. They are organized, personable, thorough and welcome a fun and exciting challenge in their next role. Your Responsibilities: Work as a team with Human Resources, our Benefit Brokers, Payroll and the Accounting departments on benefits issues Manage the benefit plan renewal process and serve as contact for brokers, plan vendors and internal partners Coordinate daily benefit processing to include enrollments, COBRA, terminations, changes, beneficiaries, disability, accident and death claims, rollovers, distributions, loans, hardships, and compliance testing Gather employee data, oversee the processing of monthly billings Continuously monitor for cost savings, operational efficiencies and improved customer experience Manages administrative aspects for employees on leave of absence or FMLA Works closely with employees to ensure that all relevant completed medical documentation is submitted for timely review Maintains appropriate contact with all employees on leave and coordinates all aspects of return to work for associates on leave Primary contact for HRIS changes and working directly with payroll on any outstanding issues Manages open enrollment within HRIS and works with payroll to ensure codes are correct on an annual basis Supports the HRIS system, including workflows, database management, benefits/open enrollment within the system Helps maintain data integrity in systems by running queries and analyzing data Partners with Payroll to provide data and system support within the HRIS and Payroll system and to ensure accuracy and consistency. Provides end-user support, and ensures high quality education, support, and troubleshooting on HRIS issues for end users, including, but not limited to, researching and resolving HRIS problems, unexpected results or process flaws Your Qualifications: 4+ years of experience working as a Benefits & HRIS Administrator or Analyst Self-funding experience is a MUST Knowledge of all pertinent federal and state regulations, filing and compliance affecting employee benefit programs Excellent communication and organizational skills required A service oriented mindset and a passion for customer experience Computer proficiency and technical aptitude required. Intermediate Excel proficiency required to include pivot tables, formulas and v-look up Well-organized, self-directed team player. Prioritizes and plans work activities, uses time efficiently and develops realistic action plans in a fast paced, demanding environment Excellent problem-solving skills, a strong customer-service orientation and commitment to insuring timely, quality solutions to customer issues Experience working with UltiPro, and G Suites a plus This role is reporting to the HR Director Benefits of Working at Rover.com: Competitive compensation 401k Stock options 4 weeks paid time off Competitive benefits package, including medical, dental, and vision insurance Commuter benefits Bring your dog to work (and unlimited puppy time) Doggy benefits, including $1000 toward adopting your first dog Stocked fridges, coffee, soda, and lots of treats (for humans and dogs) Free catered lunches semi-monthly Regular team activities, including happy hours, snow tubing, game nights, and more 50 free dog walks a year Rover embraces diversity and opposes discrimination. This position is based at Rover HQ in Downtown Seattle. Candidates must be eligible to work in the US.