Do you want to change the world? We do, too. The energy market is roughly $4 trillion globally, and solar penetration is less than 1%. But just one hour of sunlight, if harnessed, could power the entire world for a year. We have the opportunity to completely change the way energy is produced, distributed and consumed on a global scale, and we’re looking for talented, committed people to help us drive our growth and achieve our goals. SunPower is a global solar energy solutions company with a rich heritage of pioneering the best energy technologies in the world. Our solutions are unrivaled in terms of long-term reliability, efficiency and guaranteed performance, and our company is unmatched in terms of global reach and scale. Through design, manufacturing, installation and ongoing maintenance and monitoring, SunPower provides its proprietary, world-record efficient solar technology to residential, commercial and utility customers worldwide. SunPower is changing the way our world is powered every day with a brilliant, passionate and driven team of more than 7,000 in North America, Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia. In an industry that is reshaping the world’s energy future, there’s no better place to be than SunPower. We believe that our employees create our brand – with each project, each communication, each task completed and each interaction. Experience is critical to SunPower in regards to not only our customers but also our employees and dealer partners. As such, we strive to hire candidates that are service focused. The experience we would expect the ideal person to deliver is: Family Description: The O &M; cybersecurity engineer would administer SunPower’s O&M; cybersecurity program. The engineer will manage security operations and incident response as well as support server and network issues that arise. These tasks must be coordinated with the corporate server and network team. The job would also include several administrative tasks related to managing the infrastructure such as keeping up to date records of ISP information, getting quotes for IT services or hardware, and more. Lastly, the engineer would be expected to do long term planning for improving effectiveness/efficiency of the system’s security. This includes testing new technology, implementing closed-loop learning, and more. Skills: Security information and event management systems (SIEM) experience McAfee ePO administration experience Windows DFIR experience Patch management experience Knowledge of SCADA systems and ability to read network drawings Responsibility: Manage O &M; server and network security operations (access control, security review, vulnerability remediation, cyber threat evaluation) Work with global cyber security team for O&M; compliance and improvement and conduct incident response as needed Meet with network & server teams each week for coordination and status updates Develop long term solutions for improving and innovating the security of our current O&M; systems Teamwork, Collaboration and Influence: Collaborates with discipline and diverse multi-discipline team members on a regular and recurring basis. Encourages collaboration by engaging others in problem solving. Initiative: Proactively engages with functional experts, data sources, and end users to improve overall service delivery. Identifies issues, resolving where possible, elevating to higher levels when necessary. Creative Thinking and Innovation: Applies diverse experience from multiple projects to solve problems, benefit the project team and/or improve functional or process roadmaps. Impact and Results Focus: Delivers results that positively impact client/user work effectiveness and efficiency. Demonstrates strong understanding of project scope and logic, including anticipated business outcomes. Minimum Education and Experience: Bachelor’s degree and 4+ years of related experience OR equivalent combination of education and years of related experience Equal Employment Opportunity The Company is an equal employment opportunity employer and makes employment decisions, including but not limited to, hiring, firing, promotion, demotion, training, and/or compensation, on the basis of merit. Employment decisions are based on an individual’s qualifications as they relate to the job under consideration. The Company’s policy prohibits unlawful discrimination based on sex (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions, the actual sex of the individual, or the gender identity or gender expression), race, color, religion, including religious dress practices and religious grooming practices, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status, familial status, age, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected veteran or military status, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws, ordinances, or regulations. The Company is committed to complying with all applicable laws providing equal employment opportunities. This commitment applies to all persons involved in the operations of the Company and prohibits unlawful discrimination by any employee of the Company, including supervisors and co-workers. EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled SunPower Supports EEO Accommodation for Applicants to SunPower Corporation SunPower Corporation is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need a reasonable accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following alternative email address to contact us about your interest in employment at SunPower Corporation: jobs@sunpower.com. Please indicate in the subject that line of your email that you are requesting accommodation. Only candidates being considered for a position who require an accommodation will receive a follow-up response.