Note: Please upload cover letter and resume to the online application SUMMARY OF PURPOSE Creates, develops, assesses and improves online, onsite and offsite educational and learning tools and products, utilizing institutional assets, for formal and informal learning opportunities, in conjunction and collaboration with internal and external partners. Serves as the learning and engagement liaison and contributes on selected exhibit, project and program teams. Assists with the logistical and tactical implementation of all related programs, products and services. Supports the engagement and development of dynamic, sustainable relationships with internal and external technology learning leaders and audiences. Is accountable for the successful execution of all functions. Reports to the Sr. Manager, Innovation & Interdisciplinary Learning Strategy. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Coordinates and/or participates in the development of learning resources, with a focus on digital online properties, and a range of programs, products and services that encourage and support innovation and interdisciplinary inquiry, which are organized around an interdisciplinary approach to innovation learning problems, including social studies, STEAM (science, technology, engineering, arts and math), and that meet state and national standards.Coordinates and assists internal and external partners in the development of a range of online programs and products utilizing institutional stories, artifacts and resources, primarily focused on learners and educators and other educational audiences. Interfaces with Digital Marketing, Information Technology Systems, Communications, and Historical Resources Unit teams to continuously update online content, learning resources and website. Works collaboratively with other project or program team members to ensure overall institutional criteria are met while creating or modifying products. Works closely with other staff to ensure integration of online, onsite and offsite products and services. Creates and adapts content from current educational curricula into a wide variety of popular and easily accessible digital formats and platforms. In this respect acts as a key learning & engagement contact for embedding content/metadata into partner distribution channels. Serves as the learning and engagement liaison and contributes on selected exhibit, project and program teams. Works to integrate digital storytelling approaches with Museum-based experiences to create sustained opportunities for and relationships with visitors. Assists with the development, prototyping and evaluation of related curricula and digital learning tools. ,/Participates in internal and external educator and other digital advisory group discussions and incorporates input in the design and development of digital products. Coordinates and makes presentations and participates in workshops and other forums to highlight availability and encourage broad use of materials developed. Coaches and advises leaders and staff in effective digital teaching and learning, presentation and learning strategies for venue audiences. Keeps current and shares knowledge on developments in education and digital technology trends and best practices for online learning, for the purpose of developing and improving online, onsite and offsite programs, products and services. Works with other learning and engagement team members to remain up-to-date on institutional educational curricula development. Coordinates the work of other institutional and external professionals that are part of the planning, implementation and/or presentation of digital learning programming. Supports dynamic and positive relationships and experiences with Henry Ford Academy. Acts as a team player and provides expertise within the team and with other teams as appropriate by maintaining and disseminating a working knowledge of educational theories, practice, standards and direction. Performs other duties as necessary. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Position requires a 4-year degree in History, Science, Technology, Education or Museum Studies (Educational, museum or related experience preferred); proven knowledge and skill with digital technology and current with existing and emerging tools and platforms. Knowledge of national and state curricular standards, current learning theories and best practices strongly desired. A collaborative team member who believes in the power of co-creation and thinks broadly about community and visitor audiences, with proven coordination abilities required. Interdisciplinary instructional background and experience with online program development desired. Solid research skills and analyzing expertise required. Must be available to work days, evenings and weekends as necessary. Valid Michigan driver's license. SPECIAL SKILLS Should be proficient with computer programs especially Microsoft programs (Excel, Word, Power Point). Strong oral and written communication skills, especially with and for education and school audiences; ability to function independently and to work as a member of a team; good interpersonal, organizational, problem-solving, and consensus-building skills; strong and varied program development skills, with an online emphasis; ability to work on multiple projects at a time; ability to develop creative work in a variety of media; ability to coordinate and lead training and professional development for educators and staff. PHYSICAL/MENTAL/ENVIRONMENTAL Physical: Sitting: 70% Standing: 30% Mental: Observation; creative thinking; problem solving; analytical skills; planning. Environment: All institutional venues; outdoors; office. 0 Email To A Friend Print Version