About us Alvarez & Marsal Corporate Performance Improvement (A&M-CPI;) is a consulting ﬁrm built on relationships, data, and rapid action. Our lean, dynamic and entrepreneurial culture celebrates independent thinkers and doers who can positively impact our clients and shape our industry. A&M; is a ﬁrm that values results-oriented leadership and strong people skills. We put a premium on world-class people and experience, with a bias to action and delivery of value. Additionally, we provide opportunities to increase responsibility and always support employees in professional development. An A&M; career provides access to clients, emphasizing entrepreneurship and minimizing hierarchy and bureaucracy. Collaboration, a real passion for our culture and accepting an environment where everyone is valued are core components of our culture. We support our employees in striving for a healthy balance in life and work. The opportunity We are looking for driven candidates in Seattle with bias toward action and track record of delivering signiﬁcant results. You should have excellent analytical and problem solving skills, teaming ability, communication skills and work well under pressure. Our small project teams give you frequent exposure to client executives and rapid growth in your areas of interest. As a Consultant, you will: Work on projects across a wide range of industries and functional areas Tackle evolving, ambiguous and dynamic roles that challenge you to solve complex problems to enhance business performance and build enduring value for your clients Contribute to the completion of deliverables for clients, and independently perform tasks with some guidance to deliver on a portion of the project scope Work closely with senior leaders, who are former C-suite executives and thought leaders with a personal interest in your development What we look for You will have: Minimum 3 years of relevant work experience, preferably in ﬁnance/accounting, business technology, supply chain, or consulting A willingness to travel for project work - up to 90% of time depending on account and project Excellent oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills Problem solving and process improvement skills Experience in data analysis, with some modeling experience preferred Proven leadership ability and a desire to mentor junior staff To apply To be considered for this position, please submit your resume and one-page cover letter. Please describe why you are passionate about working at A &M;, and your future career aspirations. By engaging in the interview process with A&M-CPI; you understand that A&M-CPI; does not hire individuals who require sponsorship (H1-B, J-1, O-1, etc.) now or in the future. In addition, as part of our application process you will be subject to a pre-employment and reference investigation. Voluntary Inclusion It is Alvarez & Marsal’s policy to provide and promote equal opportunity in employment, compensation, and other terms and conditions of employment without discrimination because of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, family medical history or genetic information, political affiliation, military service, pregnancy, marital status, family status, religion, national origin, age or disability or any other non-merit based factor in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. Unsolicited Resumes from Third-Party Recruiters Please note that as per A&M; policy, we do not accept unsolicited resumes from third-party recruiters unless such recruiters were engaged to provide candidates for a specified opening. Any employment agency, person or entity that submits an unsolicited resume does so with the understanding that A&M; will have the right to hire that applicant at its discretion without any fee owed to the submitting employment agency, person or entity.