Description TriNet is a leading provider of comprehensive human resources solutions for small to midsize businesses (SMBs). We enhance business productivity by enabling our clients to outsource their HR function to one strategic partner and allowing them to focus on operating and growing their core businesses. Our full-service HR solutions include features such as payroll processing, human capital consulting, employment law compliance and employee benefits, including health insurance, retirement plans and workers’ compensation insurance. TriNet has a nationwide presence and an experienced executive team. Our stock is publicly traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol TNET. If you’re passionate about innovation and making an impact on the large SMB market, come join us as we power our clients’ business success with extraordinary HR. Qualifications JOB SUMMARY/OVERVIEW General Responsibilities: Perform day-to-day administration of systems running on Windows Server and the management software thereof. Identity and Access management, Active Directory and directory integrations. Deploy, implement, and maintain key infrastructure hardware, proactively monitor/troubleshoot system failures, and modify scripts. Work with software development, database, application administration, network, and other departments/support groups to meet business and technical demands. Design, architect, document, and implement new solutions. Mentor, train and share technical/troubleshooting skills and proficiencies with other team members. ESSENTIAL DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES Manage and engineer IAM platform, directory federation and integration into various platforms Automation of common tasks and processes via PowerShell and Puppet Perform resource monitoring, performance tuning, and scaling of infrastructure as needed. Maintenance and monitoring of enterprise systems and platforms. Perform hardware and software installations, upgrades, and troubleshooting of OS, DNS, NFS, SAN, NAS, and application issues. Configure, monitor, and manage physical servers and storage systems. Keep abreast of latest changes, features, and security practices for enterprise servers and storage. Support cross functional projects as it relates to system architecture and best practices. Document technical configurations and procedures. Participate in on-call rotation. JOB REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS Education: Bachelor’s degree in MIS, CS or related discipline desired, or equivalent education and/or related work experience. Experience: 3-5 years’ experience with Windows administration in an enterprise environment. 3-5 years’ experience supporting infrastructure servers in a SaaS environment. 3-5 years’ experience with Active Directory administration Advanced knowledge of Virtualization technologies (VMware, Hyper-V) Advanced enterprise level DNS and DHCP technical troubleshooting skills. Advanced server protocols and utilities (DNS, SMTP, S/FTP, TCP/IP UDP, SSH, Samba) Experience setting up and deploying systems SCCM Malware and platform security protection Distribution administrative tasks and RPM repository. Troubleshooting and problem solving skills with little supervision (network, hardware, OS, SAN, DNS) Ability to successfully handle the completion of multiple concurrent assignments or related support mechanisms for escalation/resolution purposes. \- Understanding of cluster configurations and concepts, - Advanced skill level or familiarity with SAN, NAS, iSCSI storage solutions. Enterprise backup solutions (Netbackup, etc.) Security hardening and event monitoring (Nimsoft, Nagios). Advanced enterprise level skills in shell scripting and programming (PowerShell) Experience with configuration management tools (Puppet). Experience with repository management solutions such as Git, Stash. Experience deploying and operating Windows systems on VMware vSphere 5.0+. Familiarity with Cisco UCS, NetApp, and Dell Power products. Other Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to produce clear and concise recommendations, technical documentation, and status reports. Ability to impart technical knowledge in an effective manner. Ability to adapt to a continually changing business and work environment while managing multiple priorities. Work in a fast paced collaborative environment. WORK ENVIRONMENT/OTHER INFORMATION (Travel required, physical requirements, on-call schedules, etc.) Occasional travel may be required. Available for off-hours support on an on-call basis. TriNet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants based on race, religion, color, disability, medical condition, legally protected genetic information, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), age, veteran status or other legally protected characteristics. Any applicant with a mental or physical disability who requires an accommodation during the application process should contact a company manager, a company officer or a TriNet HR representative to request such an accommodation.