The Business Strategy & Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future- growth initiatives. The Revenue Acceleration team is a global operations team that aligns company business growth priorities with strong automation and analytics to deliver opportunities to our sellers and customers. We are responsible for the strategy, systems, analytics and overall operations of the Recommended Opportunities program which provides valuable leads to our frontline Sales teams. This program drives growth of Google’s Ads business and positively impacts the day-to-day operations of Sales teams across the globe. Our team is growing as we expand our program to Sales channels besides the Large Customer Sales organization. For you, this provides an excellent opportunity to step in and have an impact on new programs in addition to working on established ones. As a Business Analyst on the Revenue Acceleration team you will be part of a small but highly effective Analytics team. You will work on delivering insights into the performance of Recommended Opportunities and provide data- driven recommendations on improving the effectiveness of the program. You will also work on quantifying the value and benefits of the program and effectively communicate it to partners and stakeholders in the Sales, Product and Engineering teams. This will directly influence program adoption and business growth for the company. Your role will require incisive analytical thinking, strong execution and teamwork across your own team and your global stakeholders. Your ability to do so successfully will drive your impact on Google’s Ads business. The Go-to-Market Operations (GtM) team ensures Google's complex and ever- evolving Ads business runs smoothly. We are instrumental in setting go-to- market strategy, and ensuring flawless execution and operations against the strategy. We have teams embedded in each of the major Ads business areas as well as global teams that work across the business areas. Team members are analytical and strategic, with a pragmatic sense of how to get things done. Responsibilities Define metrics to evaluate performance of the various recommended opportunities programs managed by the team; build reporting/dashboards to track performance. Business analyses of performance to drive insights into program health and effectiveness across products, regions and markets. Drive program improvements through data driven recommendations and partner on cross-functional teams to implement/launch them. Build data science/ML models to predict relevance and outcome of recommendations to improve the overall user experience. Communicate key metrics and insights to various partners and stakeholders effectively. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Math, Economics, Engineering or related quantitative field or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of relevant work experience as a business analyst or in related roles in a data environment that is business growth or sales related. Experience working with SQL and using statistical modeling tools such as R. Preferred qualifications: Track record of applying quantitative decision making techniques in a business setting. Experience building predictive models. Distinctive problem-solving and analysis skills, combined with strong business judgment. Deep commitment to thoroughness and accuracy in analysis and reporting. Excellent written and oral communication and interpersonal skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.