Employment Status: Full time Job Function: Business Professional Department: 409002 Lean Operations-Specialist Shift Hours / Days: Mon-Fri; 8a-5p Hours / Pay Period: Consultant, Operational Excellence We Fight Cancer: Care That Never Quits® Cancer Treatment Centers of America® (CTCA®) delivers an extraordinary patient experience we call Patient Empowered Care®. We deliver state-of-the-art, high quality care through an integrative model where a team of experts puts patients at the center of their own care. Every day, you will help patients win the fight against cancer. Every day is challenging and rewarding beyond your imagination. A Culture of Teamwork, Empowerment & Development CTCA provides Stakeholders with exceptional support and easy access to a wide range of tools and resources they need to bring the best of themselves, every day. Our benefits, wellness, and compensation programs lead the market. We provide extensive training and career development opportunities that encourage professional and personal growth—it is a point of pride. We empower our Stakeholders to deliver the highest standard of care, which we call the Mother Standard®. Position Overview The Consultant, Operational Excellence is responsible for developing, coordinating, and implementing of elements of the CTCA Operational Excellence System throughout the enterprise. This role is highly operations based, requiring strong interpersonal skills for successful daily interactions with all levels of hospital staff. Additionally, this role will partner with enterprise and hospital executives on a strategic and tactical level to scope, plan and rapidly implement high impact enterprise programs and initiatives. Operations focus with strong interpersonal skills Develops, coordinates, and implements of elements of the CTCA Operational Excellence System throughout the enterprise Works with enterprise and hospital operational executives on a strategic and tactical level to scope, plan and rapidly implement high impact enterprise programs and initiatives Actively leads and coaches teams working on high impact enterprise initiatives; participates in a trouble-shooting and/or problem solving capacity and complies with deadlines to achieve desired outcomes Develops high value solutions based upon statistical analysis, data mining and direct observation Assembles data and reports related to CTCA Operational Excellence System maturity and ongoing enterprise initiative progress. Provides progress reports to the enterprise and hospital executives on a regular basis Provides training and workshops for executives, leaders and clinicians to improve their competency in the application of performance improvement tools Key Position Qualifications Minimum BS/BA required. (Preferably in a clinical discipline, system performance engineering, industrial engineering, public health, or healthcare administration). 3-5 years of process improvement experience. Process improvement experience in a hospital or health system setting preferred. Experience in implementing the Toyota Production System (or similar Operational Excellence Systems/Models) in a healthcare environment. Specific experience in deploying systems for daily management a significant plus LSS Green Belt or LSS Black Belt preferred Demonstrated track record of delivering successful high impact process improvement projects The Best Place to Work We call ourselves Stakeholders because we all have a stake in the care and success of every patient. Today, CTCA Stakeholders deliver healing and hope to patients fighting complex and advanced cancer in Atlanta, GA, Chicago, IL, Philadelphia, PA, Phoenix, AZ and Tulsa, OK. Each of our hospitals, and corporate entities, earned a Best Place to Work distinction and receives numerous accreditations that celebrate our culture of clinical quality, innovation, high performance and wellness. Beyond The Resume, What We Look For