Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking an eCrime Analyst. In this role, the candidate will be responsible for helping to design, build, and configure security systems to support cybercrime investigations. The candidate will have the opportunity to work side by side with engineers and investigators with more than 5 years of experience in electronic crime investigations and open source intelligence gathering. This position will be located at Facebook HQ in Menlo Park, California. RESPONSIBILITIES Conduct targeted research into criminal actors and groups who are impacting Facebook, its subsidiaries and related customers. Design, develop, and improve on technical products used to facilitate cybercrime investigations. Manage multiple research projects at once while effectively prioritizing time based on team priorities. Document all investigative research for consumption by other team members and management. Work very closely with the rest of the technical investigations staff and other teams within the company. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's or Master Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field. Understanding of how the Internet works with an emphasis on the domain name space, address resolution, registration, and routing. Background in UNIX based operating systems. Knowledge of a variety of Internet research tools. Knowledge of network security and basic cryptography. Knowledge of using and writing scripts in Bash, Perl, or Python. Knowledge of Web-oriented programming languages: HTML, JS, and PHP. Knowledge of relational databases and SQL. Communication skills and high attention to detail. Time management and organizational skills.