About JLL – We’re JLL. We’re a professional services and investment management firm specializing in real estate. We help organizations around the world achieve their ambitions by owning, occupying and investing in real estate. We’re a Fortune 500 company. We work across 80 countries, in 280 different offices, with a team of over 77,000 individuals. And we look after a property portfolio of over 4bn square feet, all on behalf of our clients. If you’re looking to step up your career, JLL is the perfect professional home. At JLL, you’ll have a chance to innovate with the world’s leading businesses, put that expertise into action on landmark projects, and work on game-changing real estate initiatives. You’ll also make long-lasting professional connections through sharing different perspectives, and you’ll be inspired by the best. We’re focused on opportunity and want to help you make the most of yours. Achieve your ambitions – join us at JLL! What this job involves: The Facility Coordinator will provide support to the Site and/or Assistant Facility Managers with operational activities in maintenance and operations, accounting and finance, vendor oversight, equipment and supplies, occupancy services and proactively develop and maintain client relationships ensuring that expected service levels are achieved. Service Delivery Actively support an environment of teamwork, co-operation, performance excellence, and personal success. Conduct daily walkthroughs to ensure clean and organized office. Respond to all work orders in a timely manner, ensuring KPI compliance and excellent customer service. Identify opportunities for improved operation and service excellence, making recommendations for conduct site inspections and assessments to ensure all building procedures and performance measures are maintained at all times and the provision of a safe workplace. Schedule and manage repairs and maintenance, minor works and other work requests, tracking to completion. Provide information and direction to vendors, facilities staff and other service providers as required to ensure excellent coordination and execution of work, with minimal disruption. Assist in the procurement of vendors and services as required. Coordinate the delivery of site amenities which may include: fitness, food services, massage, transportation, support moves as required and act as the site key point of contact. Provide coordination and support events, meeting and conference facilities as required. Other duties that may include but are not limited to: reception and guest support, mail and courier services, office supplies and equipment maintenance, landlord relations and management of building access passes, safety and security support. Update and maintain accurate records and official documentation for the site/s including web pages where any other activities to support JLL and/or operations, including, but not limited to: moves/reconfigurations, events, reception, and building operations. Maintain and propose emergency response plans including evacuation, implementation of after-hours emergency response, and environmental health and safety. Client Relationship Management Comply with all requirements of the client contract and meet or exceed Key Performance Indicators. Deliver an exceptional quality of service, as reflected by client feedback. Coordinate site operations in accordance with all agreed policies, procedures and contract scope. Finance Management / Cost Control / Profitability Operational reporting, budgeting, financial systems and purchasing. Identify and respond to any financial or budgeting related issues. Ensure prompt and accurate management of purchase orders in finance systems. Manage payments to vendors where applicable, using available systems, complying with relevant policies. Seek ways to constantly reduce costs and improve operational standards. Sound like you? To apply you need to have: Prior experience in facilities, property management, hospitality or related field preferred. Knowledgeable of local occupational health and safety requirements, critical facilities and vendor management for specialized services is advantageous. Understanding of basic technical aspects of property (computer room air-conditioning, chiller system, fire protection system, mechanical & electrical system) is advantageous. Proficiency in a range of information technology tools and platforms. Excellent communication, organization and problem solving skills. Ability to work independently with little supervision and effectively deal with stressful situations. Self-motivated; confident, energetic and flexible. _JLL Is an Equal Opportunity Employer_ _JLL is committed to developing and maintaining a diverse workforce. JLL strongly believes in equal opportunity extended to all individuals in all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, transfer, discipline, layoff, recall and termination without regard to race, color, religion, belief, creed, age, sex, pregnancy or maternity (including childbirth and related conditions), family responsibility (e.g. child care, elder care), nationality, ethnic or national origin or ancestry, citizenship, marital status, civil partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, veteran’s status, genetic information, trade union membership, social position, political view or status as a qualified individual with a disability, protected leave status or any other protected characteristic in accordance with applicable law. The company also endeavors to make reasonable accommodations for known physical or mental limitations of otherwise qualified employees and applicants with disabilities unless the accommodations would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business and ensures that employment decisions are based only on valid job requirements._ _For employees in the United States, please see a fully copy of our Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy at_ _https://jll2.sharepoint.com/CorporatePolicies/HR%20Policies/Equal%20Employment%20Opportunity%20and%20Affirmative%20Action.pdf_ _._