Key Responsibilities: Participate in development teams as a key contributor, typically following the agile delivery methodology. Responsibilities may include: Participate in a development team, producing components for new and existing applications with focus on the Microsoft technology stack Create technical specifications based on functional requirements Design and build application/unit tests according to a given test plan Interface directly with customers, gathering feedback and discussing technical design. Act as a key contributor in an agile sprint team, performing sprints on new and existing applications. Perform basic support and debugging in test and production environments Identify and escalate problems Maintain and repair existing applications. Qualifications About you You are a talented software developer who is able to communicate clearly with non-technical audiences. While passionate about technology, you have a strong business sensibility and ability to connect well with clients. Your technical background likely includes experience: 3+ years of professional full-stack web development experience with the .NET framework Knowledge or experience in any of the following: AngularJS, Angular2+, Typescript, JQuery, Knockout, React, Cloud is a plus Analyzing, designing, developing, implementing and maintaining application code in a variety of contexts Developing client premise-based and/or web-based software solutions With application development, complex code development, application testing and component design. Must have excellent communication skills and hands-on experience working on component based applications in a distributed environment Preferred Experience At least 1 year working in Agile or Fast Agile methodology Knowledge or experience in test driven development Your non-technical background likely includes: Ability to connect with external clients and available for extensive traveling. Experience working with global teams Proficient ability to communicate complex information to technical and non- technical stakeholders Solid written and spoken English skills. You likely have at least two years of relevant experience and a Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, computer engineering, management information systems or a related field. About Avanade Avanade leads in providing innovative digital services, business solutions and design-led experiences for its clients, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Our professionals combine technology, business and industry expertise to build and deploy solutions to realize results for clients and their customers. Avanade has 27,000 digitally connected people across 23 countries, bringing clients the best thinking through a collaborative culture that honors diversity and reflects the communities in which we operate. We welcome all, and seek talented individuals who can bring their whole self to work, build inclusive teams and encourage diversity inside and outside the organization. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation. Learn more at www.avanade.com Avanade® Is An Equal Opportunity Employer. Avanade prohibits discrimination and harassment against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, veteran, military or marital status, genetic information or any other protected status. Requisition ID - 50593 Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.com.