What we do matters at Men’s Wearhouse a division of Tailored Brands. We are hiring retail Sales Consultants that have a passion for helping people love how they look by providing a personal, convenient, one of a kind retail shopping experience tailored personally to each customer’s life style. As a Wardrobe Sales Consultant you will learn to execute our benchmark selling behaviors while working in a team selling environment. This position offers a competitive compensation plans which includes an hourly rate plus commission for personal sales. Having the resources and ability maximize our customer’s shopping experience along with your personal sales will ensure that you can create a solid customer base. It is our vision to provide an engaging workplace focused on teamwork, growth, and respect. Come experience our extraordinary culture built upon these guiding principles: live the Golden Rule, practice teamwork, have respect for each other, be trustworthy, and keep an open mind and heart. What a great place to work! We are always looking for talented and unique individuals to join our team. Take the first step towards your new career opportunity today! Responsibilities Learn and demonstrate our benchmark retail selling techniques on a consistent basis with customers Make appropriate recommendations for required alterations to customers and communicate effectively with tailors Work in a team selling environment by assisting teammates throughout the selling process Assist tuxedo rental customers as directed by management Attend and participate in store meetings and attend all formal off site training courses as directed by management Requirements Desire to work in a commission driven sales position compensated through hourly + commission Ability to work a flexible schedule including weekends, holidays, and six day work weeks during peak sale periods Demonstrate a positive attitude and friendly demeanor Maintain a professional, well-groomed appearance Prior customer service experience preferred