Job Description Service Engineering Operations (SEO) Intern Service Engineering Operations (SEO) Engineers are responsible for delivering exciting products that are world class in cost, quality, function and time to market. As ONE team, we are committed to delighting our customers and employees by executing consistently while using common global standards, methods and processes with rigor and discipline. SEO’s goal is to lead in automotive design and dealership service and repair. Our team is integrated with all new vehicle development teams to develop autonomous vehicle service solutions, diagnostic service products, vehicle personalization accessories, technical service information and mobility solutions for the future. The summer intern program offers a hands-on experience that will develop you technically and professionally. Over the course of 12 weeks, you will build a network of friends, colleagues, learn valuable skills in a professional and fun environment. We will help you see why Ford Motor Company is a great place to start your career! Minimum Requirements: Pursuing Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer, Electrical or Mechanical Engineering or Computer Science Sophomore/Junior level educational status 3.0 Overall GPA or equivalent Must have a valid and unrestricted driver’s license Preferred requirements include, but are not limited to: Ability to adapt to a dynamic working environment Ability to work within a diverse team Interest in the automotive industry 0-3 years of automotive-related experience Professional Organization Involvement Related Internship Experiences Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.