SESI Corporate, LLC, is the employer of the corporate staff of Superior Energy Services, Inc. (“Superior”). Superior serves the drilling, completion and production-related needs of oil and gas companies worldwide through a diversified portfolio of specialized oilfield services and equipment that are used throughout the economic life cycle of oil and gas wells. The world's energy producers rely on Superior for the services, tools, equipment and personnel needed to develop and produce oil and gas. About Superior Energy Services Information Technology Group Superior Energy Services Information Technology Group is the information systems backbone for Superior Energy Services Corporate and all of its subsidiaries. The group is developing into an internal resource to assist the corporation with strategic goals and direction by supporting its internal clients with excellent service for hardware, software and data delivery. The direction and goals for the group are to deliver effective and efficient service to support and assist the ever changing environment within this dynamic and exciting industry. Summary Superior Energy Services is currently looking for an IT Security Analyst to join our team in Houston, TX. The Security Analyst will assist with security operations and the deployment, administration, and/or monitoring of various IT Security technologies. Duties and Responsibilities The Security Analyst will report directly to the IT Security & Compliance Manager with responsibilities including, but not necessarily limited to, the following: Deployment, administration, and/or monitoring of various IT Security technologies, including: Advanced endpoint detection/prevention Various E-mail & DNS security technologies Data encryption (e.g. full-disk encryption) Security awareness Responding to cybersecurity incidents Assisting with the evaluation of additional IT Security technologies/solutions Education and Minimum Requirements Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, MIS, or related fields 4+ years of prior experience as a dedicated IT Security practitioner 3+ years of experience with advanced endpoint detection/prevention technologies (e.g. Carbon Black Defense) 3+ years of experience with Active Directory Intermediate scripting skills IPS experience preferred (particularly FirePower) Malware analysis The candidate must have an attention for detail, superior critical thinking skills, and be able to devise and execute solutions based upon a sound understanding of cybersecurity concepts and principles Candidate must also be able and willing to work during non-business hours when needed (e.g. emergencies) Excellent Benefits : Medical, Dental, Vision, Disability, Life, Matching 401(k), Employee Stock Purchase Plan _Superior Energy Services and its subsidiaries are Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers for Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled._