Use your education research, data analysis, project management, and relationship-building skills to play a key role for a dynamic, growing nonprofit that has become a respected source of research and analysis in the Bay Area and across the state and country. We strive to present existing data in new ways, while pushing for stronger data collection practices, improving the way school performance is measured, and expanding what data is available publicly across the state. The Manager, Research and Data, will play a pivotal role in providing critical research and data support to our local, parent-led campaigns in Bay Area school districts by ensuring that our external reports and data products meet the highest standard for data integrity and accuracy. She or he must be an excellent oral and written communicator. Because our largest target audience (parents) often has relatively little technical expertise, it is important that the Research and Data Manager is able to handle and analyze large data sets, and report out the data-driven findings in a way that is accessible and easy to understand. This full-time, permanent, exempt position may be based primarily out of our San Francisco OR San Jose office, with one day of the week in the other office and occasional travel around the Bay. Reports to Director, Research and Policy. Responsibilities This person will: Analyze and report on public school student achievement data in the Bay Area and across the state. Be a creative and energetic thought partner in building upon our current systems for managing, analyzing and visualizing data. Use creative methods of data presentation and visualization to inspire parents and other community stakeholders to act toward growing the number of high quality schools in the Bay Area. With other team members, contribute to the further development and management of a large, multi-year California education database. Build upon existing and create new data systems that support large-scale organizational data needs, including cleaning, managing and analyzing California education data. Analyze federal, state, and district data and policy issues that may help to identify barriers faced by districts and public schools to developing and sustaining high-quality schools for all students. Create written and digital/online reports (including blog posts) and prepare presentations, when necessary, on student achievement and public education issues in the region designed for various diverse audiences, including parents (particularly low-income parents), the media, business leaders, school districts, and the broader community. Work collaboratively with and in support of Innovate’s Organizing, Schools, and Communications teams to inform and empower parents in the Bay Area with useful, high-impact data and policy analyses relevant to the quality of public schools in the region. Support other organizational priorities, as defined by the Director of Research and Policy given the flexibility required of all staff in a relatively small and fast-paced organization. Travel regularly in the Bay Area. Compensation depends on experience and is highly competitive. Innovate offers very generous benefits including health and dental insurance, 20 days paid time off per year (increasing to 25 after 2 years of employment, and 30 days after 3 years), two floating holidays, 14 paid fixed holidays per year (including office closure between Dec 24th - New Year’s Day), and 5% employer contribution to 401k. Qualifications Bachelor's degree required, with preferred focus in education, statistics, public policy, social sciences, or other related field. Master’s degree strongly preferred. 3+ years of experience in data analysis, data visualization, and research related to the public education field. \- Experience analyzing state- and district-level student achievement data and familiarity with California education data are strongly preferred. Strong quantitative and qualitative data analysis skills, with expertise in statistical analyses used in education research preferred. Expertise in a statistical software package is required (STATA preferred). Familiarity with Tableau and/or ArcGIS is a plus. Strong and clear written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to make complicated topics understandable, relevant and actionable to a non-expert audience. Large database management experience required. Ability to work in a start-up environment, requiring flexibility, self-motivation, self-directed problem-solving, collaborative work style, drive toward results, and enthusiasm. Comfort with and respect for diversity, and experience in cross-cultural work environments. Strong interpersonal skills, with ability to create positive, trusting, professional relationships with diverse colleagues. Alignment with and demonstration of Innovate’s core values (excellence, urgency and integrity) in work performance, particularly in all facets of data handling Responsiveness, diligence, and efficiency in providing sound and meaningful analyses of data and policy in support of Innovate’s mission and goals. A valid driver's license and reliable, insured vehicle (needed to fulfill job requirements). Proof of eligibility to work in the United States. Bilingual Spanish strongly preferred. Sample “Week In The Life” of the Manager, Research and Policy: Lead a kick-off meeting with community organizers in the district for which you are the analytical point person to scope out the campaign needs and begin to draft a 4-page data brief that the organizing team can use to inform parents and build a stronger base of parents in the parent leadership team. Join the weekly Research and Policy team meeting to get on the same page with each team member’s workload and priorities across all of the campaigns we support (San Francisco, Mid-Peninsula, San Jose, and Los Angeles). Discuss findings from a report on California’s teacher shortage recently released by a partner organization. Email and call officials at the California Department of Education to move forward a data request and finalize a memorandum of understanding. Review and check initial analyses of recently released data on Bay Area A-G rates to check accuracy and identify what additional analyses to run. Edit and provide feedback on the first draft of a research review. Connect with Innovate’s Communications team members to share the initial draft findings for an upcoming report and strategize with them on key messages for the media release. Join a meeting led by an Innovate community organizer with 10 parent leaders to get input and feedback on the data and design of a new draft data sheet with equity data on local schools. Respond to an urgent new data request from the organizing team for a district-level analysis related to one of our parent-led campaigns. Strategize with the Director, Research and Policy on future report topics for exploration and discuss the plan for analyzing and responding to updated state accountability dashboard data coming out the following week. Lead for a training session to brief the entire staff on the key findings of a recent report to be publicly released in the next month. Your goal is to help staff from other teams internalize the report, reflect on how they can use it to drive their own work forward and align on larger organizational strategy. Work Environment / Physical Demands The work environment characteristics and the physical demands described here are representative of those an employee encounters while successfully performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools or controls; reach with hands and arms; and talk or hear. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by the incumbent in this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills. _Innovate Public Schools is an equal opportunity employer, and takes pride in maintaining a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or any other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status._ Application deadline: open until filled.