About Us Lourdes Hospital, part of Ascension, has provided compassionate care to those in need since 1925. In Binghamton, N.Y., the main hospital campus includes a Hospice Program, an Ambulatory Surgery Center, and a Regional Cancer Center. Reaching beyond these boundaries, Lourdes has established a network of primary care physicians at convenient sites throughout the region. The Mission In Motion program, which provides primary care and cancer screening services through two mobile medical vans, makes healthcare accessible to rural populations. Job Description Job Summary: The Mgr-Data Analytics manages and coordinates data analytic activities associated with organizing, implementing and meeting departmental goals. Responsibilities: Engages in strategic planning and tactical implementation of data analytic activities. Establishes departmental metrics to support project goals and develops improvement plans. Oversees the preparation of departmental reports and analyses. Manages activities related to staffing, including hiring, orienting, evaluating, disciplinary actions, and continuing education initiatives. Assist in planning and implementing activities required for collection and analysis of data related to organizational needs, including the development of data collection systems and the critical evaluation of data integrity. Facilitates the receipt, validation, structuring, distribution, and initial analytical review of information received from various sources such as third party payers, New York State, etc in support of population health and other activities. Development of population health dashboards to provide ongoing feedback to Lourdes providers at both an individual and practice level. Evaluation and management of data requests within the organization. Qualifications Education & Work Experience: Bachelor's Level Degree and 3 years In Healthcare Analytics and System Support or IT database administration experience preferred. How To Apply Applicants may proceed by clicking on the "Apply Now" button. To apply later, return to the Employment page at www.lourdes.com . Applications/Resumes may only be submitted online through this process. In addition, you may apply anytime online using any computer OR via one of our computer terminals at the following locations: Lourdes Human Resources – 33 Lewis Road, Binghamton, NY 13905 Lourdes Hospital, Ground Floor. Equal Employment Opportunity As an equal opportunity employer, Our Lady of Lourdes Memorial Hospital (Lourdes) complies with all applicable employment laws and regulations. In order to provide equal employment opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at Lourdes are based on merit, qualifications and abilities. Lourdes does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, gender, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, national origin, age, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, any other legally protected status or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Lourdes is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet.