MORE ABOUT THIS JOB CONSUMER AND COMMERCIAL BANKING Consumer and Commercial Banking brings innovative solutions to traditional banking activities. We are a global team of lenders, investors, risk managers, skilled marketers, web experts and banking specialists. We provide a suite of solutions to help our customers meet their personal financial goals. We make direct investments in, and risk manage, a portfolio of corporate loans and securities. And we help transform distressed communities through investments and loans of private capital. DIGITAL FINANCE Digital Finance, a business unit within CCBD, is comprised of the firm’s digitally-led consumer businesses, which include the Marcus deposits and lending businesses, as well as the personal financial management app, Clarity Money. Digital Finance combines the strength and heritage of a 148-year-old financial institution with the agility and entrepreneurial spirit of a tech start-up. Through the use of machine learning and intuitive design, we provide customers with powerful tools that are grounded in value, transparency and simplicity to help them make smarter decisions about their money. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS RESPONSIBILITIES The Savings Resolution Specialist position is responsible for the day to day coverage of customer account maintenance processes including but not limited to application review and processing, money movement, exception processing, correspondence and complaint monitoring and response. Provide incoming call coverage when needed to assist customers with various online retail deposit products such online savings accounts and certificate of deposits Access multiple electronic systems and document steps taken to efficiently service the customer Participate in projects to drive operational excellence Completion of ongoing compliance and remedial training as scheduled Meet established goals for all metrics, including call quality, productivity and profitability quotas, and customer acquisition by focusing on maximizing service to customers QUALIFICATIONS High School diploma or GED Minimum 2 years of customer service experience Proficient with Microsoft Suite (including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook) Bachelor's Degree in Finance, Accounting, or Business 2 years of experience in financial services/banking environment/regulations 2 years of experience in portfolio servicing, loan/lease accounts reconciliations, booking, charges adjustments, payment histories, A/R system, ACH (Sure pay) setup, Loan Terminations, etc. Strong problem solving and analytical/accounting skills Ability to multi-task in a fast paced environment Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written High level of accuracy and attention to detail ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world. © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2018. All rights reserved Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet.