You won’t just shape the world of software. You’ll shape the world of life, work and play. Our Engineers not only understand how technology works, but how that technology intersects with the people who count on it every day. Today, innovative ideas, insight and new perspectives are at the core of how we create a more powerful, personal and fulfilling experience for all our customers. So if you’re interested in a career creating breakthrough software and making an impact on an audience of millions, look no further. You won’t just keep up, you’ll break new ground. There are hundreds of opportunities to make your mark on technology and life at American Express. Here’s just some of what you’ll be doing: As part of Enterprise Information Management Platforms team, you will work on designing and deploying highly scalable data platforms using NoSQL solutions (Cassandra/Couchbase/MapRDB) to support Mission Critical Applications. Engineer Data solutions using NoSQL products (e.g. Cassandra/Couchbase/MapRDB) to support large data processing (TB’s/ PB’s) across Enterprise Plays an integral role in building and enhancing the data infrastructure using NoSQL solutions required to support the business portfolio while providing consultation to internal business partners, customers and vendors in assessing data management needs. Create enterprise data services API’s that can support high scale ingestion frameworks Provide Platform blueprints using next generation data management tools and technical solutions to support Mission Critical Platforms. Communicate the value of NoSQL based solutions and recommendations to non-technical audiences including senior management. Bring a passion to stay on top of tech trends, experiment with and learn new technologies, participate in internal & external technology communities, and mentor other members of the engineering community Automate all the things - builds, infrastructure and deployments. Drive standardization to reduce costs and improve efficiencies. Provide level 2 support for core data platform disruptions _Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions._ Qualifications Are you up for the challenge? At least 6+ years of strong engineering experience in building Distributed systems. Preferably a BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline Strong experience with NoSQL Solutions (e.g. Cassandra/Couchbase/MapRDB) Good knowledge of data modeling, data access, and data storage techniques Experience with continuous delivery using Git, Jenkins, Liquibase, jMeter, Terraform etc Expertise in hardware systems architecture, storage solutions, and disaster recovery Experience with OpenStack or other private ‘cloud’ management solutions. Knowledge of virtualization technologies (KVM, Kubernetes, Containers ..) Linux Master Skills Experience and knowledge in networking architecture and security. API and REST based Web services development is a plus Golang experience is a plus Ability to work with team members in multiple geographic locations and time zones. High levels of energy, engagement, and ownership. Positive attitude is an absolute must. Excellent communication skills, written and verbal On-call support experience At the core of Software Engineering Every member of our team must be able to demonstrate the following technical, functional, leadership and business core competencies, including: Agile Practices Porting/Software Configuration Programming Languages and Frameworks Business Analysis Analytical Thinking Business Product Knowledge Why American Express Talk to our people and you’ll find out what we’re really all about. Open, creative, risk-taking, collaborative and innovative are just some of the expressions you’ll hear. It’s our culture that makes American Express an outstanding place to work, and a big part of why we regularly win best workplace awards all over the world. If you’re ready to take on a challenge and make an impact, you owe it to yourself to launch or grow your career here. American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. US Candidates/Employees: Click here to view the "EEO is the Law" poster and supplement and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement. If the links do not work, please copy and paste the following URLs in a new browser window: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm and http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/EO13665_PrescribedNondiscriminationPostingLanguage_JRFQA508c.pdf ReqID: 18011881 Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time