Overview Huitt-Zollars’ Houston Downtown, TX office has a grea t Architect opportunity. This is an excellent opportunity for professional growth and career advancement within an award winning design firm. The successful candidate will share their design expertise with a fantastic team of architects, be a licensed architect in the State of Texas (or state with reciprocity) or close to being registered. HZ is a leading full service design firm providing innovative planning, engineering, architectural and interior design, construction and program management, and design-build project delivery to our clients in the public and private sector. We provide quality solutions for our clients and employment opportunities to qualified talent. Responsibilities: Researches materials and assemblies for appropriate incorporation into design and construction drawings as directed by a project manager. Creates BIM models and prepares design and construction drawings using information supplied by a supervisor or data obtained from research activities. Integrates information from consultants and suppliers into models and drawings. Constructs architectural models and prepares presentation boards for use by other staff in presenting to a client for approval. Processes contractor submittals by logging in the submittals and routing them to the appropriate party for review. May be required to attend, record, and distribute meeting minutes and assist with general project correspondence. Requirements: Bachelor’s in Architecture from a NAAB accredited program Professional architectural license, Registered Texas Architect preferred or close to being registered 3-5 years of architectural design experience Proficient in Revit, Adobe Creative Suite, AutoCAD, other 3D Modeling Proficient in MS Word, Outlook, Excel and PowerPoint Knowledge of Illustrator, Photoshop, InDesign and Acrobat Ability to manage and complete multiple tasks Ability to prepare architectural documents and specifications for projects Ability to work in a team environment Ability to read redlines and modify BIM models or drawings Excellent presentation, verbal and written communication skills and ability to convey technical issues and design ideas Ability to design printed and digital documents Knowledge of building design and construction means, methods, and techniques Knowledge of architectural history and current architectural design discourse Awareness of sustainable design approaches HZ offers a competitive benefit & compensation package, including medical, dental, vision, life, long/short-term disability plans, and two retirement plans: 401(k) and an ESOP. Please apply online at: https://external-huitt-zollars.icims.com Job ID No: HDT121 _Huitt-Zollars is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to a policy of non- discrimination in employment on any basis including race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin or any other legally protected status. Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act, the company will make reasonable accommodations to assist in the application process upon the request of an applicant. No question on this application is intended to secure information to be used for discriminatory purposes._