Aspect employs a team of passionate individuals who are changing the face of customer engagement. Over our 40-year history we have empowered employees by creating an inspired community that values customer obsession, unlocked communications and relentless innovation. Our ability to think big has enabled us to continually evolve and lead the market, and to stay on the forefront with exciting technologies including cloud, mobile and artificial intelligence. Job Description GENERAL SCOPE & SUMMARY Reporting to VP of Marketing, drive brand identity and consistency in outward facing materials. Develop writing style that reflects the positioning/personality of Aspect as a company (e.g., innovative, agile, accessible) and translate that approach into customer facing content. Such content would be used in demand generation campaigns, web copy, blogs, social postings and general sales assets including video scripts. Depending on assignment type, have the ability to write descriptively (for example, covering product benefits) as well as prescriptively (for example, development point-of-view industry briefs). PRIMARY ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES Works collaboratively with product marketing and management teams in refining messaging as well as planning out assets for product launches and/or on-going promotional materials as needed Works with demand generation organization to ensure needed materials (general assets, social posting, etc.) are available for campaigns in support of the go-to-market strategies As needed, develop custom materials for specific sales opportunities Working with product marketing, present authentic detail around relevant market challenges and trends, especially within/across industry-specific markets Review any materials written by other team members to ensure consistent tone and proper grammar and punctuation. Ensure accuracy of materials, working with product management, office of the CTO and others. Qualifications SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS Ability to take corporate messaging and translate into differentiating customer-facing content Some industry-based marketing experience is desired Ability to learn key customer service/contact center concepts and trends Creativity in developing content based on research and/or corporate messaging Experience with managing a staff required Balance a strong collaborative teamwork ethic with ability to work independently JOB REQUIREMENTS 3-5 years of of leadership experience, minimum. 8-10 years total experience ideally within a software/services environment Bachelor's degree preferred Strong content and marketing writing skills LI-AB3 Aspect is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer with a strong commitment to diversity. In that spirit, we are particularly interested in receiving applications from a broad spectrum of people, including women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, veterans or any other legally protected group.