As the fastest growing, highest-performing charter school network in New York State, Success Academy has reimagined public education. Nationally recognized for achieving outstanding academic results for students from all backgrounds and zip codes, we have created an innovative K-12 school model that is preparing current and future generations of children with the subject mastery and skills to succeed in college and life. We now need talented, highly motivated Data Engineers to help us build the best possible data products and insights that will propel us to our public goal of building and managing 100 schools in NYC. Reporting to the Director of Data Management & Analytics, the Data Engineer will help to enhance the learning experience for thousands of children across the five boroughs of NYC by becoming the glue that binds together hundreds of disparate data sources and third party APIs that our schools use every day to improve curriculum across our network of over 50 schools. Imagine working for a company that has the iterative, constant improvement practices of a startup applied at scale to curriculum and schooling operations. Our data team is at the heart of how this organization operates. Key responsibilities include: Building scalable and reliable data pipelines in Python by leveraging data processing technologies like AWS, Spark, Airflow, etc.; Writing modular, reusable code in Python to build and enhance our data framework; Writing complex, high performing SQL queries against Postgres, MySQL, and MSSQL databases; and Interfacing with third-party APIs to collect data from various sources and transform them into our central data warehouse. A successful applicant will have the following experience and characteristics: Experience with data warehousing, streaming architecture, machine learning pipeline and workflow scheduling with Airflow; Experience with service oriented architectures and interfacing with third-party APIs; A high level of comfort using Python data libraries, particularly Pandas and SQLAlchemy; Experience with Python web development frameworks (Flask, Django, or Pyramid); Experience with data analysis and visualization methods; Seeks a fast paced, collaborative environment with capacity to work with multiple teams to complete a variety of projects; Has 3-5 years of experience on a data science team; and Has a strong interest in education reform and working for a mission driven organization. To join our team, please upload a cover letter and resume that outlines your candidacy. Your cover letter should explain in detail your qualifications for the position. Resumes without cover letters will not be reviewed. Success Academy Charter Schools is an equal opportunity employer and actively encourages applications from people of all backgrounds. Compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience. Success Academy offers a full benefits program and opportunities for professional growth.