INTERN SHIP OVERVIEW High Lantern Group (HLG) is a strategic positioning and reputation management consultancy focused on developing early-stage strategy and communications for some of the most notable brands and public and private organizations in business today. Our Issue Analytics (IA) intern is a competitive 4-month program with an option to extend another 4 months. Interns will join one of our key IA client engagements, working at the cutting-edge intersection of strategic communications, public policy, data science, and business strategy. IA interns will have many responsibilities, including conducting market and public policy-related research, mining datasets for insights, constructing reports for internal and client-facing presentations, drafting client deliverables, and assisting with administrative duties. In addition, interns will have access to a wide-range of HLG resources to make their experience both intellectually stimulating and supportive of their career aspirations. Requirements & Desired Qualifications We seek motivated, analytical self-starters who have experience with, or an interest in, strategic communications, business, data analytics, and/or public policy. Promising undergraduate students with exemplary academi c records and graduate students will be considered. Recent graduates may also be considered. Ideal candidates should have excellent writing, research, and communication skills, strong attention to detail, problem-solving acumen, the capacity to balance multiple responsibilities, and the ability to work independently. In addition, strong candidates will have an intellectual curiosity for data- driven products and experience with data analysis and visualization. COMPENSATION Interns will be compensated $15/hour with the expectation of at least a 20-hour weekly commitment in either our San Francisco or Pasadena offices. HOW TO APPLY Please apply online at www.highlanterngroup.com/careers.You are required to submit a resume and cover letter (bundled as one document ) detailing your experience and interest in joining a growing team. Please specify availability and location in your materials. About High Lantern Group High Lantern Group is one of the preeminent consulting firms in the growing field of strategic positioning and corporate reputation. We use the power of ideas and signature issues to help clients build influence, enhance reputation, and gain competitive advantage. Since it was founded eight years ago, High Lantern Group has served leading corporations, industry associations, and nonprofit organizations across multiple industries and issues. From our start, we imagined a new kind of consulting firm dedicated to delivering new ideas and fresh perspectives that feels like a natural extension of the client. We imagined a firm with the kind of consultants we always wanted to work with: smart, resourceful, and motivated. We built High Lantern Group from the ground up to deliver that – from our care in hiring, to our attention to talent development, to the services and processes we use to meet our clients’ challenges. We have growing offices in Los Angeles, New York City, Washington, DC, Philadelphia, Asheville, NC, and Geneva, Switzerland. For more information on our people and capabilities, please visit us at www.highlanterngroup.com.