We are looking for a Technical Analytics Architect with strong application development and architecture skills to work with our clients to solve technology needs. Architects will be responsible for working directly with multiple clients in various industries leading a highly collaborative team of the best and brightest developers at West Monroe Partners. This is an exciting opportunity to work within our emerging Technology Integration practice on strategic enterprise architecture projects, post-merger integration's, and leading large-scale implementations. Our consultants work on the front lines, partnering with clients to deliver game-changing solutions in the most dynamic industries. Your West Monroe team will be comprised of our industry specialists as well as your technical and functional counterparts. Together, we work with client leadership to set vision, define strategy, and execute via project implementation to add the value that only West Monroe Partners can. You’ll be part of, and help lead, a team that takes as much pride in how it grows -and how much fun it’s having - as it has in the quality of the work we deliver. We enjoy our startup culture, and place high value in face-to-face time with our colleagues and team every Friday when we are not on client site. As an Architect at West Monroe, you will help set the direction for this growing team. What will you be doing? Architects are expected to interact with key decision makers (CIO, IT Directors, etc...) at our clients to drive projects Architects are expected to lead and mentor a technical team lead while leading projects and being the client liaison Architects are expected to be an expert and suggest new technologies to our clients Architects lead on full life-cycle projects from requirements gathering through development, implementation and roll-out Architects have the flexibility to be creative and impact designs with a “blank slate” development mentality within the general boundaries of clients’ expectations Architects work on highly interactive custom web front ends as well as full application and system development / integration Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree and 8+ years of work experience in data environment 4-6+ years of overall project/consulting experience Development of or architecture of modern distributed architectures using modern messaging patterns and tools Strong software engineering experience with one or both more of the following core competencies: NET framework 4.0 & 4.5 (ASP.NET, C, VB.NET, and ADO.NET) Java SE 5 and higher with J2EE (EJB, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, JSTL, JMS) Experience working with relational databases (Microsoft SQL Server) and working with large unstructured data sets Databases could include NoSQL (e.g. MongoDB, Cassandra) or relational (e.g. SQL Server, PostgreSQL, MySQL) Strong experience with ETL procedures and ideation from scratch Experience using cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, etc. Design and Development of distributed applications that leverage Microservice architecture, RESTful service, etc. Experience in working with in a fast-paced, collaborative, and team-based project environment Ability to lead and mentor other team members or developers while leading projects So, if you’re looking for an opportunity to flex your technical muscles in a high-energy, team-oriented environment where you own your career, we’d love to hear from you. Think you’ve got what it takes? Join our team and make us better. . West Monroe Partners is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer - We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. We base our employment decisions on merit, experience, and potential, without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state or local law.