Job Description: Who are we? SDL is a leading global provider of products and services that enable the creation, localization, management and delivery of content. Our customers include 79 of the world’s top 100 brands that depend on us for transformative solutions that further human understanding. We are a British public company with a proud history of innovation over 25 years, including 91 patents and more than 3,700 employees working in 54 offices in 38 countries. What is this role? The Business Operations Analyst works in the Global Project Management Office and performs a full range of activities, in order to support financial processes, which enable the Professional Services Team to deliver projects efficiently and effectively. Applies extensive knowledge of processes and procedures, as well as advanced coordination skills, to ensure effective projects implementations. In addition, the Business Operations Analyst performs various analysis in the fields of finance, performance and others, in order to allow the organization to improve its performance, by providing both the analysis’ results and relevant recommendations, some of it to top-management. Key Responsibilities Performs various analysis & reporting of different fields, such as finance, performance, KPIs, etc. Owns the monthly financial process Manages projects and initiates processes improvement Operational Excellence – Coordinates a variety of processes, to ensure projects run smoothly Functional Excellence – Applies learnings from past projects, to improve quality and efficiency Ideal Candidate’s Experience: Driven, self-motivated and passionate individual who takes initiative and communicates well Sets, delivers and executes his/her work to a very high standard and is able to motivate others positively Excellent Excel & analysis skills A team player with capability to work also independently, when needed Must be able to handle multiple projects and tasks, while meeting the due-dates High skills in using IT systems regularly Bachelor degree of a relevant field Minimum two years of experience in similar roles Benefits: Ahhmazing benefits. (Seriously.) Infinite training, professional development and personal growth opportunities The rare opportunity to impact how organizations communicate globally. There’s a reason we work with 78 of the top 100 brands. Smart, engaged co-workers, a culture of innovation and opportunity. Casual dress, flexible work schedule / environment SDL is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will be evaluated for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran, and disability status. For more information about EEO/AAP legislation please visit http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf. Should you require assistance in completing your application, please contact usrecruitment@sdl.com for accommodation.