Motorola’s Software Enterprise organization is a fast paced organization at the front line of driving growth throughout Motorola Solutions. The Business Operations and Transformation team is chartered to define and drive implementation of our growth strategies across the Software Enterprise portfolio. In addition to partnering with Software Enterprise employees, we also work with all functions of the company, including sales, CTO, corporate strategy, MSI ventures, and corporate development. Other acceptable work locations include Seattle,WA and Salt Lake City ,UT Job Description Catalog the data sources available to the Software Enterprise and characterize the data in each source. Sources may include already catalogued corporate sources, uncatalogued corporate sources (such as finance or business systems that are used on a standalone basis) and SE acquisition company legacy systems and sources. Document structures and types of business data. Determine the meaning of data and explain how various teams and leaders can leverage it to improve and streamline their processes. Based on data analysis, assist with qualifying data sources to be moved into the Amazon RedShift Data Warehouse (AWS DW) Determine most appropriate data refresh rate for data moving to the AWS DW With assistance from corporate AWS DW team, move data into the AWS DW with refresh periods configured Perform testing and validation of data sets. Explain and document the interconnections between similar data sources (such as sales order data) across various data sources to create a consolidated and cohesive picture of the particular data subject that can be used to make business decisions Collaborate with leaders and managers to determine and address data and reporting needs Leverage data and communicate summary analysis to help make smarter, data-backed business decisions. Qualifications : Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, information technology, or related field. Ability to identify useful information in data sets and suggest conclusions that support decision making. Strong analytical capabilities. Detail-oriented, methodical, and collaborative In-depth experience with various business intelligence and analytical tools including Tableau is a plus Understanding of data gathering, inspecting, cleansing, transforming, and modeling/diagramming techniques Communication skills with the ability to distill complex subjects to a wider audience Excellent leadership, collaboration, and project management skills. Keen attention to detail. Willingness to make decisions and solve problems. Basic Requirements Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, information technology, or related field. Job ID 7610BR Travel Percentage 10 to 25% Relocation Provided None Position Type New Grad State/Region/Province Illinois EEO Statement Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to no discrimination because of race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, disability, status as a disabled veteran or veteran of the Vietnam era, or any other legally protected characteristic or activity.