Network Systems Administrator - multiple positions available Clearance: Top Secret with SCI Eligibility required Location: Los Angeles, CA and Vandenberg, AFB, CA Position contingent upon contract award, expected mid August, 2018 Position Overview: The Network/System Administrator?s primary function is working with Special Access Program (SAPs) and other classified networks supporting SMC Directorates and/or AFSPC Operational Units. The position will provide ?day- to-day? support for Collateral, Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI) and Special Access Program (SAP) activities. Required Skills: Thorough knowledge of Microsoft Windows 2000/2003/2007 Server, Microsoft Exchange Server 2003, Microsoft Windows XP/Vista operating systems (OS) administration and associated hardware Working knowledge of Local Area Network (LAN) and Wide Area Network (WAN) technologies and data backup technologies to include communication security (COMSEC) integration Working knowledge of JAFAN 6/0, DCID/JAFAN 6/3, DCID/JAFAN 6/9, and Joint DODIIS/Cryptologic SCI Information Systems Security Standards, Common Criteria, and System Security Policy as they relate to C&A; for Legacy systems Working knowledge and current relevant experience with PL1 & PL2 systems; experience with PL3 & PL4 cross domain solutions is a plus Must be familiar with security policy/manuals and the appropriate ICDs/JAFANs/DOD Manuals and other guiding policy documents Ability to work in a dynamic environment and effectively interact with numerous DOD, military/civilian personnel and industry partners Additional duties: Provide leadership, mentoring, and quality assurance for team members Certifications/Training: Must meet position and certification requirements outlined in DoD Directive 8570.01-M for Information Assurance Technician Level 2 within 6 months of the date of hire Applicable Windows professional certifications, based on OS requirements for supported organization. Experience Required/Desired: Level I ? 1 - 2 years total related experience. Minimum 1 years of SCI or SAP- related experience highly desired. Bachelor?s degree in a related area or equivalent experience (no degree requires additional 4 years to total years related experience). Level II ? 3 - 5 years total related experience, including minimum 2 years of relevant SCI or SAP experience. Minimum 1 years of SAP-related experience highly desired. Bachelor?s degree in a related area or equivalent experience (no degree requires additional 4 years to total years related experience). Level III - 6-8 years total related experience, including minimum 4 years of relevant SCI or SAP experience. Minimum 2 years of SAP-related experience highly desired. Bachelor?s degree in a related area or equivalent experience (no degree requires additional 4 years to total years related experience). Professional Business Functions: Ability to constructively engage and resolve challenging situations Available to work before/after typical office hours Independent self-starter, proactive and professional assertive Effective oral and written communication skills, excellent interpersonal skills, and computer literate Proficiency with MS Office Suite (MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook) Strong analytical and problem solving skills Ability to multitask Additional Information: This job description is not designed to cover or contain all job duties required of the employee. There may be additional activities, duties and/or responsibilities that are required for this position that are not listed in this job description. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. System High is a Military friendly employer. Our extensive work on behalf of the U.S. government offers those who have served in uniform an opportunity to continue to serve their country in a new and exciting way while enjoying a successful civilian career. System High Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state or local law. EEO is the Law