Purpose Oversee and participate in the purchase, implementation, and maintenance of equipment for the organic chemistry teaching laboratories. Essential Functions Prepare specifications for setting up equipment in classroom laboratories. Supervise the issuance of supplies and equipment. Maintain and service lab equipment. Place orders for supplies and equipment. Supervise teaching assistants (TA) in the setup and repair of lab equipment. Train TAs in proper equipment operation and lab procedures. Marginal/Incidental functions Other related functions as assigned. Required qualifications Graduation from high school or GED, with courses in a field related to the department. Three years of experience working in an instrumental laboratory environment and chemical environment. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Preferred Qualifications Bachelor's degree in chemistry or related field. Excellent interpersonal skills. Excellent attention to detail. Experience working in an instructional laboratory setting or chemical stockroom. Working conditions Uniforms and/or personal protection equipment (furnished) May work around chemical fumes May work around standard office conditions May work around chemicals Use of manual dexterity A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus