Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is looking for a Hardware Prototyper to support the development of our novel communications technologies. In this role, you will use your experience as an electronics/RF technician to work side by side with the design engineers, developing proof of concept hardware in the lab, troubleshooting problems as they arise, evolving these designs into robust solutions for field testing, and delivering scalable systems that can be transitioned to our partners in the telecom industry. This position is based out of our Northridge, CA office. RESPONSIBILITIES Participate in all aspects of the prototyping, integration, and productization process, including quality and safety Use your fabrication and assembly skills to support delivering first of a kind RF systems, including mechanical assembly, PCB inspection and rework, cable harness fabrication, electrical bring-up, system test, field test, site deployment, and documentation Review procedures with the engineers prior to performing them, proactively identify issues, and suggest solution Support system testing which may include vibration, thermal, environmental, and antenna pattern measurements Maintain Tool Control, ESD, and FOD standards in work areas Independently resolve routine questions and problems MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 4+ years of experience as an electronics technician Experience with cellular based technologies & associated testing parameters Technical experience tackling and understanding new technical and engineering designs Knowledge of electrical and RF test equipment, including spectrum analyzers, signal generators, oscilloscopes, DMM/DVM, etc. Knowledge of RF components, including amplifier and switch testing, antennas and antenna-related components Knowledge of electronics theory, circuit design, troubleshooting, and repair Ability to lift up to 60 lbs. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Knowledge of the installation, integration, and commissioning of wireless communications equipment, including 2G/3G/LTE base stations, cell site passive equipment, and related electronic equipment and systems Familiarity with FCC Rules and Regulations Understanding of solar power systems including charge controller, battery subsystem, etc. Experience supporting remote sites and/or customer installations Experience troubleshooting antenna systems from transmitter to antenna Experience with radio access networks (RAN) and optical/microwave/satellite Certifications in crane or forklift operation