Content Operations Marketing Manager Location: This position can be worked remotely anywhere in the US. Are you a champion of buyers, customers and sellers? Are you a content marketing athlete with strong analytical and strategic skills? Do you strive to implement creative solutions, based on data, to solve content marketing challenges? Are you passionate about technology?Are you a champion of buyers, customers and sellers? Are you a content marketing athlete with strong analytical and strategic skills? Do you strive to implement creative solutions, based on data, to solve content marketing challenges? Are you passionate about technology? Content Marketing Operation Manager, a key role on our Content Marketing team, is responsible for facilitating and executing work that supports and optimizes the content lifecycle. The ideal Content Marketing Operations Manager possesses the ability to think strategically and analytically about product, business and go to market content. In this role, you will drive operational excellence across the content that powers all of NICE inContact. As the Content Operations Marketing Manager for NICE inContact, a typical day might include: Provide operational support for content strategy and creation by engaging cross-functional participants and managing resources, workflows and deadlines Determine and report on the analytics needed to evaluate content strategy and distill insights to drive better content engagement and improve content quality, processes and activation channels Direct the development and implementation of content processes, metrics, initiatives and technology/solutions to support and optimize asset creation, performance, activation and measurement Build, evangelize and maintain content governance models, taxonomy, etc. Drive content workflow efficiency and performance through project and workflow management Execute content audits to identify content strengths, weaknesses, gaps and opportunities. To Land This Gig You'll Need Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Communications, Advertising, Public Relations, or related field (or equivalent work experience) is required. 4+ years of product or content marketing-related experience Experience measuring marketing impact against operational metrics Understanding of complex buying/selling processes involving multiple decision-makers for B2B high-tech software and services purchases. Strong analytical abilities; able to dig into complex data sets to help inform decisions Demonstrated excellent written (including writing, editing and proofreading), verbal and visual communication skills Vendor management and contract negotiations Bonus Skills: Conveys a high sense of urgency, gets into the details when needed and demonstrates consistent dependability. Collaborates as a team player, in a cross-functional environment Strong interpersonal skills and ability to earn trust and respect from sales and product management, combined with ability to influence others and work collaboratively with other department Proven ability to manage large, detailed projects to tight timelines, often under pressures of time and uncertainty. High energy, self-directed, team player. ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics. NICE inContact provides the world’s 1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone™, combining best-in- class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation. NICE inContact is a part of NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), the worldwide leading provider of both cloud and on- premises enterprise software solutions.