Are you passionate about Cloud Computing and looking for an opportunity to influence strategic decision making that will have a long-term impact on Microsoft’s future? If so, this is the role for you! Microsoft Cloud Infrastructure Planning (MCIP) is the team behind one of the world’s largest cloud infrastructures responsible for powering all Microsoft products and services as well as powering Microsoft’s “… intelligent cloud …” mission. We have an exciting opportunity on the Microsoft Cloud Infrastructure Planning team for a high energy Business Analyst. This is a highly collaborative role, where you will need to confidently work across the Microsoft Cloud organization at all levels to drive key initiatives and strategic projects that support the delivery of capacity. Responsibilities Interface with cross-functional teams that are responsible for planning Cloud capacity These teams may include Capacity Planning, Supply Planning, Operations, and Data Center teams Program Manage planning deliverables that are cross cutting across all planning teams Manage expectations of all interested parties – define clear projects with key deliverable and milestone dates Ability to deal with the ambiguity associated with working in a fast-paced and changing environment Build relationships, gain consensus, remove roadblocks and focus on the solution Be independent and thorough in examination and analysis Qualifications Required: 3+ years of work experience in data centers, consulting or supply and capacity planning. Prior PM experience a plus BA/BS degree in Technology, Engineering, Science or Economics or equivalent practical experience Preferred: Excellent and demonstrated communication skills and problem-solving abilities; ability to project manage effectively Firm sense of accountability and ownership and the highest standards of business, ethics, discretion, and confidentiality Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail Ability to effectively multi-task and prioritize in a fast-paced, matrixed environment Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check every two years. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.