Senior Business Data Analyst \- (180002H4) At CWT, we have a unique and compelling culture as an employer defined by our people and supported by our Core Values. Our employees feel a genuine respect for one another, act with uncompromising integrity and feel proud of our global market leadership. They value working together, embrace opportunities for continuous learning and have an intense desire to serve customers. "At CWT, people are extraordinary and make the best team." My journey. My CWT. Jie (Sylvia) Tian, Business Intelligence Analyst Marketing & Enterprise Strategy Position Purpose Come join the Analytics team at CWT responsible for strategic data analysis to drive growth and profitability. As a part of the Strategy and Commerce Business Insights team you will work on analysis and reporting to enhance customer experience, improve marketing effectiveness, customer satisfaction and product adoption rate. You’ll have the opportunity to leverage your analytic abilities and influence key stakeholders across our Strategy and Commerce team. The Customer Experience and Business Insight team works with the business in APAC, EMEA, LATAM and Americas regions. This is a great opportunity for analytical self-starter who likes to work independently and is passionate about data driven business decisions. The Sr. Business Data Analyst's primary responsibilities are to develop data sources and tools to enable monitoring and analysis of business trends for our Strategy and Commerce organization. You'll be responsible for determining how to best utilize data from internal systems and third party providers and drive reporting efficiency across the Strategy and Commerce organization. Additionally, you'll manage and develop reports and business models that drive product penetration across CWT’s client base. This is an opportunity to work with global team with headquarter offices located in London, Paris and Minneapolis. Position Responsibilities Partner with business to develop metrics, dashboard/scorecard/reports for insights and data visualization Perform strategic analysis of business problems to identify and evaluate options/alternatives Develop KPI reporting for continuous improvement initiatives Mine complex voluminous data to identify trends and patterns to support business goals (revenue, retention, adoption etc.) Train and /or mentor other team members, peers and customers as appropriate Identify process improvements and facilitate reengineering of business process, leveraging industry leading practices Automate the existing data manipulation and reporting processes using tools like python and R Partner with Digital marketing team to A/B test the website changes Conduct in depth data analysis to support business initiatives to foster data driven decision making Prepare training materials and conduct training activities for system end users Qualifications Position Requirements Bachelors Degree in Marketing or related field 3-5 years of business data analyst experience Proficiency with query tools like SQL Proficiency with Advanced Microsoft Excel, Access, Word and PowerPoint Proficiency with Tableau or similar 3rd party business intelligence (BI) systems Experience working with data analysis tool (R, Python etc.) Cognos Data Manager Reporting, Query, Analysis module experience Experience working with variety and complexity of data (Relational Databases, Unstructured data environment) Experience working with Google Analytics or similar third party tools Analytical self-starter who appreciates working independently as well as part of a team Ability to analyze and resolve problems independently Eye for detail, accuracy and creativity. Ability to connect disparate information, storytelling to explain marketing insight Strong relationship management and collaboration skill and influential leadership Excellent verbal and written communication skills; Fluent English, written and oral Demonstrated initiative, solid judgment and creativity Ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline-oriented environment Ability to interface well at all levels of the organization Ability to deal within a multicultural environment Flexible attitude to work and willingness to work outside core hours on occasion to meet deadlines Ability to interface and communicate with global team As an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action employer, the organization will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant’s race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other federal, state or local protected class. LI-TS Primary Location : US-MN-Minnetonka Work from home : No Employment type : Standard Job Family : Marketing Scope : Global Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Shift : Day Job Organization : S&C;_Marketing Experience Level : 3 to 5 years Job Posting : May 17, 2018 As an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action employer, the organization will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant’s race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other federal, state or local protected class