Overview The Security Analyst will monitor, investigate, analyze, and remediate or escalate indications of compromised or breached systems and applications, support data collections for PCI, research compliance controls, document and review standard procedures. Responsibilities Major Responsibilities: Serves as a core member of the Gold’s Gym Infrastructure team performing security duties including threat awareness, network analysis and incident response. Supports PCI compliance framework and audit processes. Tracks the status of security exposures and works with external vendors and the internal Infrastructure team to remediate them. Supports vulnerability scanning activities, interprets the results, and validates potential exposures. Performs analysis of logs from various systems to identify unexpected or malicious activity. Reviews the privilege levels deviations based on Windows domain and application-specific roles. Takes proactive actions as appropriate to reduce / eliminate threats: block problem traffic, send alerts, etc. Develops and maintains security policies, practices and standards. Stays informed on trends and issues in the security industry, including current and emerging technologies. Performs other duties as assigned. Requires on-call support Qualifications Qualifications: Ideal candidate is detail oriented with strong analytical and problem-solving abilities, has excellent verbal and written communication skills, and experience working in a fast-paced environment. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or Computer Engineering or equivalent experience. 5 years of related experience in IT Security Operations or equivalent combination of education and experience. Experience with Intrusion Detection/Protection Systems (IDS/IPS), Web Application Firewalls (WAF), and Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) systems. Information Security certification preferred. Security certifications may include, but not be limited to CISSP, CISA, CISM, GSEC, Security+, and CEH