To inform and educate FAS business units through descriptive, diagnostic, predictive and prescriptive analytic insights. Duties and Responsibilities 1\. Acquires structured and unstructured data and performs analysis to surfaces insights using basic analytical methods. This includes cleaning and transforming the data, creating new derived data attributes when needed, documenting and communicating key assumptions and caveats, and employing sound recommendations for handling missing data points or outliers. Has a sound approach to solving analytical problems using foundational statistical analysis, descriptive statistics, multiple linear regression, simple forecasting techniques, segmentation or classification analysis, or time series measurement strategies. 2\. Prepares and delivers presentations and action recommendations based on analytical findings. Communicates effectively across the Data and Analytics organization and in settings with discrete functional business units. Is able to present insights in a compelling manner. Informs business decisions based on analytical findings. Guides business partners on the interpretation and use of analytic results. 3\. Utilizes divisional technologies, tools, applications, databases - including those that interface with various functional business areas and front end systems - to acquire data in support of analysis. Models and joins disparate data sources together in support of analytical process. 4\. Utilizes knowledge of functional businesses processes and supporting datasets to provide informed analyses in support of business objectives. Understands the conceptual connection between the business dataset, the business process, and the problem to be solved. 5\. Interacts and engages with Analytics manager and Intake Manager to understand client needs and execute on pre-defined analytical projects. Oversees the end to end delivery and management of analytical projects following CRISP-DM framework. Sets clear milestones, target dates, project objectives, and communication touch points with the client to manage execution of the analytical project. 6\. Participates in special projects and performs other duties as required. Qualifications Undergraduate degree (BS/BA in Information Technology, Economics, Finance, Statistics, Mathematics) or equivalent combination of training & experience required. Graduate degree with a concentration in Data Analytics, Applied Mathematics or Statistics a plus. Graduate degree in Applied Mathematics, Analytics, or Statistics preferred. Proficiency in basic statistical techniques, cluster and segmentation analysis, time series analysis, regression/logistic regression analysis. A minimum of three years general business experience. Has foundational and working knowledge of analytical and reporting tools such as Excel, Access, Cognos, Composite, Tableau, Adobe Analytics, SQL. Excellent written/oral communication, project management and presentation skills. Able to clearly articulate and present findings and recommendations to team members and management, and to technical and non-technical audiences. Advanced data visualization skills, understanding of data modeling and query writing. Strong analytical skills coupled with the ability to form hypotheses and draw meaningful insights from disparate data sources. Understanding and interpreting business needs and translating needs into data requirements Working with (large/”big”) data sets, data processing, ETL processes used to support reporting and data visualization solutions (advanced/expert; 4+ years of experience). Project management experience required. Solid organizational skills; ability to work across multiple functions. Superior testing and quality control skills. Special Factors Vanguard is not offering visa sponsorship for this position.