Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA Google Technical Services: Professional Services (gPS) is a team of solution- oriented trusted advisors supporting millions of users worldwide. Our consultative services take our deep technical and product expertise and combine it with our powerful understanding of our customer’s needs and goals to solve their biggest business challenges allowing them to grow and get the most out of Google solutions. As a Brand Specialist, you'll manage the implementation of reservation advertising buys with a variety of Google's YouTube clients. You will support a variety of internal Sales teams on client campaigns, including implementation, troubleshooting, and communicating with different stakeholders and partners. Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers. Responsibilities Prioritize and deliver customer service, troubleshooting and resolving challenges from Google's advertising customers and internal sales teams as it relates to YouTube campaigns. Coordinate among client, Sales and Vendor teams to deliver a campaign or program. Cultivate and nurture relationships with business partners (e.g. Sales, Product, Engineering, Sponsorships). Provide technical feasibility assessments during pre-sales discussions. Partner with Sponsorships, Media, and Packaging team to ensure a smooth transition between sales and implementation, including meeting deadlines and timely responses to client inquiries. Implement digital media plans and advertising campaigns in online systems and be comfortable with regularly working in these tools and leverage technical skills to automate and improve multi-step processes. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience in the online advertising industry. 1 year of experience working in a customer facing role, supporting product implementations, digital ad operations, or technical sales. Experience with online sponsorships. Preferred qualifications: 1 year of experience working in digital ad operations. Demonstrated experience in managing and customizing a service to a customer base. Ability to communicate complex product and technical concepts to non-technical audiences. Ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously. Demonstrated attention to detail, with the ability to manage complex workflow. Creative problem-solving and effective analytical skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.