Description The Clinical Data Analyst generates ad hoc reports and regular datasets or report information for end-users using system tools and database or data warehouse queries and scripts. The Clinical Data Analyst work assignments are varied and frequently require interpretation and independent determination of the appropriate courses of action. Responsibilities Role: Clinical Data Analyst Assignment: Medicare Location: Work at home, Mountain and Pacific Time residence preferred Humana’s dream is to help our members and our own associates achieve lifelong well-being. Use your clinical experience to work with patients and providers in a nontraditional environment where your knowledge will make a difference. Our associates know their work is vitally important; we strive to ensure we provide perfect service with one-on-one member interactions as a coach, personal nurse, or clinical advisor. Humana’s Perfect Service® means getting the basics done right, delivering value and quality, providing guidance on needs, and being engaged with our members. We want to help our members make the right choices to live life fully. We begin that process by connecting our members with an associate who cares. Assignment Capsule As a Clinical Data Analyst you will collect multi-faceted data from multiple sources, analyze the information, present the information and make recommendations which drive decision making. You will be working with Clinical Associates in day-to-day operations that drive metrics to meet targets. Ideal Skillset Preferred applicants will have excellent computer skills which includes all Microsoft Office programs, a background working in data analytics, highly motivated, prior experience working in healthcare with a general knowledge of medical terminology, a real team player and the ability to manipulate data into a format that is easily translatable by others, and the ability to not just run existing reports but the ability to create reports using SQL. A strong background and knowledge of SQL is highly desired. Must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to work in a fast paced environment. Responsibilities include: Work with Regional Analysts, Corporate Analysts, and IT to enhance warehouse data content. Ability to Identify, Investigate, and Report issues within data systems for resolution. Ability to anticipate future needs and provide the data to support the operations. Work with the clinical areas to develop more automated reports for customer reporting and operational reporting. Develop knowledge of Humana’s clinical programs in order to support these areas through reporting. Role Essentials Degree in Business, Health Administration, Accounting or related field. Prior experience working in a system analytics and/or data warehousing environment is required. Team Player with experience working with Clinical Associates Excellent programming skills desired. Experience with SQL which includes the ability to create reports from scratch and also run existing reports. Excellent organizational skills required. Independent self-starter requiring minimal supervision. Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Excellent PC skills (including MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access) required. Must have accessibility to high speed DSL or Cable modem for a home office (Satellite internet service is NOT allowed for this role); and recommended speed for optimal performance from Humana systems is 10Mx1M Ability to provide a designated workspace; free from distractions with the ability to secure any protected information. Role Desirables Experience in business writing or creative writing desired. Experience with PL (procedural language) Experience with Qlikview Experience in managed care or health care administration desired. Experience with Microsoft Visual Studio, VBA and Tableau Experience writing queries Experience with SharePoint Administration Reporting Relationships You will report to a Regional Medical Director. Scheduled Weekly Hours 40