Job Description: COMPANY/JOB OVERVIEW Gongos, Inc. is a decision intelligence company that sits at the forefront of gathering, analyzing and socializing customer-minded information for Global 1000 organizations. Gongos focuses on helping organizations make better business decisions by ensuring that their employees have deep knowledge on their customers, markets and strategies for reaching them. We’re seeking an experienced and multidisciplinary creative professional with the ability to blend creative problem solving, compelling storytelling and strong business acumen into custom polished visuals through a variety of mediums. This role combines strategic thinking with creative execution to bring consumers to life for our clients, and leading others to do the same. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Act as creative lead and design advocate on complex engagements: Bring strong creative leadership to all project stages from proposal and execution to delivery and presentation Distill complex ideas and concepts and confidently articulate a creative vision to both internal teams and clients – if you see the potential, you can make it a reality Enjoy learning from and partnering with others – taking direction or providing it – and integrate seamlessly in cross-functional teams Apply multidisciplinary design expertise, drawing on experience from various industries in diverse mediums Manage deadlines and workload in a fast-paced environment requiring flexibility and resourcefulness Deliver design-centric solutions as a key differentiator of Gongos: Collaborate with Account teams, Business Development and Marketing to shape our go-to-market strategy Advocate for the power of design and educate on the creative process Advance internal design competency and technical skills while serving as a strong role model for professional development Partner with other expert areas to build advocates and further embed design through the delivery of great work Sought after for thought leadership and value added to work Translate business knowledge into informative, engaging and inspirational pieces to aid in decision-making for top executives: Bring consumer stories to life through an empathic design approach, visual storytelling, and strong aesthetic Leverage strong business acumen to understand our clients’ businesses and the challenges they’re facing Cultivate an interest and aptitude in information design – translating complex data into visuals that are beautiful and consumable PERKS THAT SET US APART Flexibility and time to recharge! We like happy, healthy employees, so recharge with generous PTO and holiday time off including a paid company shut down between Christmas and New Years Benefits! We offer four health insurance plans, dental insurance and vision insurance with an employee contribution that start from day one Flex time! Don’t want to be a road warrior in rush hour? Begin your day between 7:30-9:30AM Wear what you want! Jeans, business casual, flip flops. If you’re comfortable, we’re comfortable Tuition reimbursement program! 50% tuition/book reimbursement (max $3,000/year) available at one year of full-time employment Pay it forward! Our in-house charity team, Gongos Gives, provides ways to give back to our community 401k plan! 100% company match up to 3% of salary, 50% match on next 2%, available at one year of full-time employment Culture! We are a team that loves to have fun and some of that includes going to Tiger’s games, Cinco De Mayo Celebrations, Secret Santa, Annual Golf Outing, etc. LOCATION We’re moving! Our new headquarters located in downtown Royal Oak, Michigan is a fun city atmosphere with a progressive, flexible, and fun work environment. Enjoy working on outdoor balconies overlooking the city or sitting in private, quiet seating arranged in the office.