The Corporate Technology (CT) organization develops applications and provides technology support for corporate functions across JPMorgan Chase, including Global Finance, Corporate Treasury, Risk Management, Human Resources, Compliance, Legal, and all functions within the Corporate Administrative Office (CAO). CT teams are aligned with corporate partners’ evolving technology needs and the firm’s ever expanding technology controls agenda. A top CT priority is building scalable corporate systems. Teams focus on: Responding to the evolving regulatory environment and helping to meet the firm’s regulatory commitments by addressing internal and external commitments Advancing the firm’s Roadmap programs - Single Sourcing of data, Architecture Convergence, and Rationalization of Platforms Adopting industry leading technologies to support best-in-class business capabilities for high performance computing and data storage solutions Driving innovation across the firm’s corporate technology portfolio, increasing efficiencies through process automation, and Agile application development, with an emphasis on user experience and shorter development cycles Investing in security & controls for cyber, access/entitlements uplift, data protection and application resiliency The senior software engineer is responsible for design and development of core platform that enables the delivery and construction processes for the Data Management, Data Discovery and Analytics group, leveraging emerging big data technologies. The individual is a subject matter expert technologist with strong Java and Hadoop experience and very knowledgeable with utilization and integration of Open Source software. The individual has deep understanding and application of enterprise software design for implementation of data services and middleware. This is a have been there, done that technologist who thrives on driving efforts to completion while utilizing best in breed technologies and methodologies. The individual must have successful experience in Big Data implementations for large data integration initiatives. Day-to-day activities will vary widely based on the state of the organization’s priorities and needs at that point in time. As such, this individual must be comfortable with flexibility in their role. They must be able to operate in a relaxed, yet confident manner, without explicit hierarchy and structure governing work. An affinity towards, and appreciation of, an influence-based and entrepreneurial culture is critical for success. Key Responsibilities include: Ensuring excellent practices are utilized in delivering Big Data Management and Integration Solutions. Ensuring design decisions can be actioned by the development team. Participating in agile development projects for Retail Finance and Risk application data sourcing strategy and implementation. Engage in enterprise-level systems component design and implementation. Systems integration, including design and development of APIs, Adapters, and Connectors. Integration with Hadoop/HDFS, Real-Time Systems, Data Warehouses, and Analytics solutions. Working with business and peers to define, estimate, and deliver functionality. The individual is a subject matter expert technologist with strong Java and Hadoop experience and very knowledgeable with utilization and integration of Open Source software. The individual has deep understanding and application of enterprise software design for implementation of data services and middleware. This is a have been there, done that technologist who thrives on driving efforts to completion while utilizing best in breed technologies and methodologies. Key Tech skills: Big Data Hadoop HDFS, Hive and Java experience Spark, Kafka Streaming Impala Cassandra experience is a plus