What does a Best Buy SWAT Inventory Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. A Best Buy SWAT Inventory Specialist ensures inventory integrity in the store through a variety of inventory adjustments and data collection tools. The SWAT Specialist consistently and accurately completes and communicates stock count. They identify, determine and communicate high shrink categories. After identifying the root cause of replenishment issues, they follow up with leadership until the problem is resolved. Job responsibilities include: Executing the inventory integrity process from end to end completing inventory daily tasks as assigned communicating and coaching store employees and leadership on the importance of inventory integrity and any process gaps that were identified Other duties as assigned. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy SWAT Inventory Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.