Job Description IT Business Analyst to work on Operations and Infrastructure global organization within the Visa Operations Command Center (VOCC) department. The main tasks will include performing detailed requirements analysis, documenting processes, agile story grooming, performing acceptance validation for services going into production. The selected candiate will work on the team implementing the VOCC Alert Handling 2.0 technology solution and associated processes. The position also require, an analytical way of thinking and be able to explain difficult concepts to non-technical users and creating stories for the developers. Qualifications Responsibilities: Evaluating IT business processes, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement, and developing and implementing solutions. Leading ongoing reviews of IT Operational processes and developing optimization strategies. Staying up-to-date on the latest process and IT advancements to automate and modernize systems. Conducting meetings and presentations to share ideas and findings. Performing requirements analysis. Agile Story Grooming with developers and other stakeholders Documenting and communicating the results of your efforts. Effectively communicating your insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management. Gathering critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and producing useful reports. Working closely with IT Operations, clients, Technology teams, and managerment Ensuring solutions meet business needs and requirements. Performing user acceptance testing. Managing projects, developing project plans, and monitoring performance. Updating, implementing and maintaining procedures. Serving as a liaison between stakeholders and users Monitoring deliverables and ensuring timely completion of projects. Requirements: 5+ Operations and Infrastructure technology experinece Service Now Strong customer relation skills. A minimum of 5 years’ experience in business analysis or a related field. Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills. The ability to influence stakeholders and work closely with them to determine acceptable solutions. Advanced technical skills. Excellent documentation/ Technical Writer skills. Analytical and conceptual thinking skills. Experience creating detailed reports and giving presentations. Competency in Microsoft applications including Word, Excel, and Outlook. A track record of following through on commitments. Excellent planning, organizational, and time management skills. Experience leading and developing top performing teams. A history of leading and supporting successful projects. Additioanl Certifications that are a plu; ITIL Tableau Scrum Master Six Sigma EDUCATION Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Finance, Economics, Statistics, Business or related field Additional Information About Visa: Common Purpose, Uncommon Opportunity. Everyone at Visa works with one goal in mind – making sure that Visa is _the best way to pay and be paid, for everyone everywhere_. This is our global vision and the common purpose that unites the entire Visa team. As a global payments technology company, tech is at the heart of what we do. CyberSource, a Visa company, has been and continues to be a pioneer within the e-Commerce Payment Management world. Our VisaNet network is capable of handling over 65,000 transaction messages [CC1] per second for people and businesses around the world, enabling them to use digital currency instead of cash and checks. We are also global advocates for financial inclusion, working with partners around the world to help those who lack access to financial services join the global economy. Visa’s sponsorships, including the Olympics and FIFA™ World Cup, celebrate teamwork, diversity, and excellence throughout the world. If you have a passion to make a difference in the lives of people around the world, Visa offers an uncommon opportunity to build a strong, thriving career. Visa is fueled by our team of talented employees who continuously raise the bar on delivering the convenience and security of digital currency to people all over the world. Join our team and find out how Visa is everywhere you want to be. _“Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code.”_