Big Data Architect Global IT Solutions & Services Provider Santa Clara, CA OR Dallas, TX Salary: $140,000 - 160,000 A software services and solutions company recognized globally for innovation is looking for a Data Architect, with strong knowledge of Big Data technologies and the Hadoop ecosystem. Are you ready to join an organization that sees the value in Data and utilizes it to assist global companies decode rapidly shifting marketing forces and market dynamics? Are you interested in working with clients such as The New York Times, Electronic Arts, and the MLB to name a few? This opportunity will give you the chance to join a thriving company and manage the overall data platform and architecture. The Big Data Architect will be responsible for: Understand customers business challenges/goals and arrive at value added Technology Solutions, define Technology direction and Roadmap Be able to Guide a team of Engineers - offshore and onsite in design and code Work with distributed teams for delivery and execution of Projects Design Systems at the component level, makes strategic technology choices, and directly supervise the quality of designs and implementation inside and between components Ensuring the Design and Code quality The Big Data Architect will have the following qualifications: Minimum 8 to 10 years of IT Experience in the Technology, Architecture and Design Experience working in / Understanding of Big data a technologies - worked in Hadoop, MapR and Map/Reduce, Pig, Hive Expertise in SQL databases (e.g. MySQL or Oracle), Analytics platforms (e.g. Pentaho, BO or similar) and OLAP technologies Solid technology stack in J2EE and .Net (desirable but not essential) Be very comfortable with agile methodologies in order to be able to arrive at difficult engineering decisions quickly. Experience in designing for scalability and performance Experience in troubleshooting deep technical issues 2 to 3 years of experience playing a Technical Architect role Good to have experience with MPP databases like Netezza, ETL tools like Informatica, and BI tools like SAS etc. Good to have knowledge of web Analytics and exposure working with data sources click stream data etc. Apply now if you like: 3 Weeks PTO, 10 days of Paid Holiday Medical/Dental/Vision Insurance 401k Matching Maternity/Paternity Leave Interviews are ongoing and this is an urgent hire. Submit your application today to have the best chances of being considered for this exciting, new opportunity!