Here @ Strata… We are committed to our mission to help heal healthcare. Our unique culture is driven by a social, hardworking environment full of talented people solving problems together. We embrace learning, cross-team collaboration, and continuous career growth. Lifting each other to lift our clients, our product, our company. If being part of a fun, fast-moving, innovative team is what you seek? Keep reading. We look for someone who: Is Service-Centric: Someone who desires to make an impact in and outside of our office. We look for service minded people to support our customers, each other and our community. Has a Growth Mindset: Driven to own your individual learning and development (We’ll help you - we have a team dedicated to training you and providing extra educational resources). Rocks Impact : Thinks two steps ahead to ensure the work we do will solve problems and make a difference. Will be a StrataPro: Accountable. Prepared. Positive. Core to who we are and how we treat one another. What you’ll do in this role: As a Technical Operations Engineer, you will have the opportunity to provide strategic technical guidance to both our consulting and development teams. You will gain a deep understanding on a variety of cutting-edge technologies and acquire a deep understanding of Strata’s software and system architectures. In addition, you will collaborate with our development, consulting, and quality assurance teams to ensure that the product is aligned with client needs and meets Strata’s high quality of standards. Use exciting technologies including SQL, Visual Studio, and Microsoft Excel to solve complex problems Provide technical assistance and support for Strata's client services team Provide recommendations to development on technical enhancements for Strata Decision products Monitor production environment, working with client services to assure smooth operation Troubleshoot .NET Applications through Microsoft Visual Studio Some afterhours work required Your accomplishments include: S. degree or foreign academic equivalent in Engineering, or Computer Science with a 3.3 – 4.0 GPA Professional and/or academic background in SQL and relational database concepts Professional and/or academic background with web-based applications Excellent problem solving, analytical, and communication skills Strong self-motivation, and the ability to work effectively with limited guidance when necessary