While Arup has a very impressive reputation designing in the built environment to counter naturally occurring threats (flood, earthquake, fire, etc.), Arup also has established an expert team to counter malicious manmade threats. Included in that team is a specialist threat, risk and vulnerability assessment team. The work of this team helps clients better understand their security risks and supports the development of mitigations for managing those risks. We work closely with our clients and other disciplines in Arup to find solutions that meet the security objectives and are sustainable in their implementation. Our clients include government agencies, multi-national corporations, schools, and transportation authorities and operators. Projects to date have included conducting threat vulnerability and risk assessments; developing security policies, strategies and procedures; conducting compliance audits; delivering informal training; advising on and finding efficiencies in security operations and capacity building. This position, focused in the risk assessment and mitigation of man-made threats, will support our existing business and build new business. Role You will join Arup as a Senior Security Analyst based in San Francisco. Your role will be to support clients in better understanding the security risks they own and determine how to manage them through design and operations. This involves risk analysis, an understanding of security mitigation principles, client-facing work and collaboration with architectural and engineering teams. This role requires innovative thinking to develop customized solutions for clients, as well as a high amount of collaboration with Arup’s global security team. Your Analytical Role Will Include Collecting and analyzing open source intelligence on manmade hazards and malicious risks. Developing and implementing innovative analysis tools to evaluate relevant intelligence data, customized to deliver suitable value to clients. Undertaking critical thinking to develop solutions which meet multiple stakeholder objectives, both security and non-security. Supporting multi-hazard risk analysis projects. Preparing reports and/or presentation in a format and style that is appropriate to the client’s needs. Contributing to internal research projects. The Client Facing and Business Development Work Will Include Understanding the market and identifying potential clients. Understanding client needs and determining how Arup can best address those needs. Presenting to client’s senior leaders to facilitate decision making. Developing proposals. Responsible for managing clients and staff to achieve Arup’s financial and commercial goals. Participate in external events, including presenting at conferences. Requirements Qualifications Degree in a relevant academic discipline, e.g. politics, sociology, criminology, or an architectural / engineering field. Seven (7) years of demonstrable relevant experience. Personal or professional references. Experience Have an understanding of security threats to the built environment, as well as security design principles. Have experience in applying security design mitigations as it relates to the built environment. Have experience in conducting building and site security surveys to evaluate and identify security and manmade hazard vulnerabilities. Have experience collaborating with architects and engineers during concept and design phases. Have experience in business development and being client-facing. Attributes Intellectual curiosity and interest in assessing risks of manmade threats (crime, terrorism, civil unrest, politics or international relations). Be comfortable making judgments about malicious risks based on imperfect information. Enjoy solving complex problems. Enjoy working with people from a range of professional disciplines. Be collaborative in your approach but able to work independently. Skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Be able to think critically and creatively to solve complex problems. Be self-motivated and willing to learn. Preferred Qualifications and Knowledge Relevant professional certification from a recognized professional society, e.g. Certified Protection Professional (CPP). Interest in developing intelligence analysis skills or commercial intelligence products. Experience conducting threat and risk assessments within the design industry for the built environment. Experience in quantifying natural hazard risk.