Date Opened: 2018-08-02 Electronic Arts Inc. is a leading global interactive entertainment software company. EA delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, personal computers, mobile phones and tablets. ENTERTAINING IS OUR PASSION EA was founded over 30 years ago by individuals with a deep passion for making games. Many things have changed over the years as the gaming industry—and the company—has expanded immensely, but we are still driven by the same passion for developing, publishing, and distributing the world’s best games. Our history has been one of great success, and our future looks even brighter. Gaming has come a long way from Pac-Man & Space Invaders to modern EA favorites like Burnout, Battlefield, Mercenaries, Dead Space, Spore, FIFA, Madden, Need for Speed and the world’s most successful game franchise, The Sims. Fuelled by our talented staff at locations right across the Globe we are united in our passion to continue shaping the future of interactive entertainment. Together we can make a difference. _Business Analyst – Global Brand Partnerships_ Role Overview EA’s Global Brand Partnerships team is searching for a Business Analyst that will play a pivotal role in providing business intelligence to the Global Brand Partnerships’ management team and business partners. The Business Analyst will report directly to the Director of Business Management, and the successful candidate will have an analytical background and be familiar with desktop, mobile, and digital advertising. The Business Analyst will combine that experience with data analysis to provide key business insights that will help the Global Brand Partnership team expand its rapidly growing advertising business, and maximize its revenue potential. Key responsibilities include: Preparing standard KPI & ad hoc reports for GBP management, and key business partners Analyzing data and trends to make recommendations to the team on product implementation, and business strategies Forecasting advertising revenue for annual and quarterly fiscal planning, as well as for new ad products and opportunities Reviewing data to identify issues as quickly as possible Partnering with external business partners to improve the flow of data to EA Leading initiatives to automate and streamline reporting processes Building and maintaining strong relationships with business partners Required Skills: Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree 3-5 years prior work experience in an analytical role Strong MS Excel skills Familiarity with gaming and digital media Experience with forecasting Comfortable dealing with large sets of data from multiple sources Strong analytical, strategic, and creative problem-solving skills Ability to simultaneously manage multiple projects with tight deadlines Thorough understanding of digital advertising ecosystem, monetization trends, technologies and pricing models Strong decision-making, organizational, and planning skills with proven ability to identify and prioritize critical issues Thoroughness and high attention to detail Solid interpersonal skills to build key relationships with partners Ability to work both independently as well as a strong team player Cross Platform experience – Mobile, Desktop, & Console EA is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal records in accordance with applicable law. EA also makes workplace accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities as required by applicable law.