What part will you play? Warner Bros. Technology Data Intelligence Department seeks a Senior Data Visualization Engineer for the Data Analytics and Visualization team. The Data Analytics and Visualization team is responsible for collecting, aggregating, analyzing and reporting across all media data. Our goal is to provide insights and enable data driven decisions to our Warner Bros. Theatrical, Television, Home Entertainment, Digital Networking Groups, DC Entertainment and Corporate divisions As a Data Visualization engineer, the primary role will be to manage the data visualization technologies and platform and lead the company in advancing the capabilities to synthesize huge volumes of complex big data, and refine that raw data into actionable visual insights meaningful and important to business. Based on the analytical questions to explore, you will design and build the semantic layer to best support self-service BI to users. In some cases, you will also work with business expert to generate key metrics and make them available in the Data Visualization tool. This is a place where divisional analytical users can visit to understand how we are performing toward our goals, learn about the shape of our business metrics, and regularly check in on measurement that are central to our company’s mission. We are looking for a well-rounded engineer who has good business and design sense. The ideal candidate loves data and pays close attention to details - caring about the quality of the input data as well as how the processed data is ultimately interpreted and used. BUSINESS ENABLEMENT - Work closely with business users to define and deliver effective data visualizations. Create and maintain core internal dashboards that are cross departmental. Design and implement data security model to support flexible user access level. DATA VISUALIZATION APPLICATONS - Lead selection, implementation, and integration of data visualization tools. Guide adoption and planning of Tableau installation APPLY AND SET STANDARD - Build aggregate datasets using ETL principles that underlay visualizations. Participate in the creation and support of BI development standards and best practices. RESEARCH - Continually research and improve new methods and technologies in the analytics and visualization space. Apply your learnings to what you build. Rapidly deliver on concepts through prototypes that can be presented for feedback. TRAINING - Train fellow employees on best practices for data visualization and help others be successful stewards of our tools. Transform the way our business users consume data and insights through highly usable and visually stunning data products. Enable everyone at Warner Bros. to be an analyst through the Self Service BI model. What do we require from you? Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineer, Mathematics or similar required, master’s degree preferred. 4-5 years of relevant experience: Delivering business intelligence and dashboard solutions. Expert in Tableau and data visualization design. Analyzing, compiling, cleansing, interpreting, joining and staging data. Working with an Enterprise Data Warehouse and Redshift, Teradata, Oracle and/or SQL Server databases. Demonstrable skills building responsive data visualizations. Working in an Agile development environment. Research product and technical data in order to recommend products, technologies, and processes for ongoing projects. Proven ability to produce high quality data visualizations in a fast paced environment. An expert who can tell a story with data, as well as visualize it with a variety of tools (Tableau, SAP BusinessObjects, MicroStrategy, etc). Strong background in data relationships, modeling, semantic layer and mining. Proficient in data wrangling technologies like SQL and Python. Experience with Redshift, Teradata or other parallel database. Experience working with complex and large volumes of data. Ability of filtering the signal from the noise in datasets. Experience with SAS or R is a plus. Tableau certified professional a plus. Media and Entertainment background / experience a plus. Experience with Hive, Spark, or Scala is a plus.