Located in Seattle, WA, Virginia Mason is an internationally recognized leader in the continuous improvement of health care. With an extensive list of awards and distinctions that includes our recognition as Top Hospital of the Decade by The Leapfrog Group, Virginia Mason offers you the opportunity to partner with exceptionally talented peers at every level. You will contribute to the strength of our Team Medicine approach to collaborative medicine and benefit from the changes enacted through our Virginia Mason Production System, a model that has transformed health care by providing patients with easier access to care, reducing errors, and continuously innovating patient safety and quality that has been adopted by other organizations here and abroad. Join us, and find out how many ways Virginia Mason offers you the chance to focus on what really matters - our patients. The Patient Relations specialist serves as a patient and / or family ombudsman or intermediary in responding to patient concerns acting as a liaison to all department or service needs within the organization. This job gathers and analyzes qualitative statistics to identify trends in patient satisfaction and assists in communicating these trends to the organization. The patient relations specialist education Virginia Mason staff members, leaders and providers in the use of service recovery tools and behaviors. Qualifications: High school diploma or GED required. Experience in healthcare in direct patient contact (check-in desk, inpatient desk, MA, etc) required. Preferred: Bachelor's degree in related field preferred. Experience in patient relations or risk management, or customer service in a retail situation preferred. Virginia Mason offers much more than competitive compensation and benefits. With continuing education opportunities and the added potential of relocation assistance, you will find our commitment to your well-being is both rewarding and refreshing. We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.