Overview Forest City Realty Trust, Inc. is a NYSE-listed national real estate company engaged in commercial and residential real estate throughout the United States. Forest City Associates are committed to creating superior communities where people LIVE, WORK, SHOP and STAY! We are searching for a talented Leasing Consultant, Residential to be based out of NorthxNorthwest in Philly? At Forest City, we are thoughtful in social responsibility and pride ourselves in fostering an inclusive and dynamic workplace that provides opportunities for continuous growth! _Want to see an authentic view on the day to day activities of our Leasing Team? Please_ _click here_ ___to see what it is like to work for Forest City as an Associate in our Leasing Department. Every associate plays a vital role in our company’s mission to create and manage dynamic communities. Forest City is one of the nation’s leading mixed-use placemakers!_ Responsibilities Meets with prospective residents, identifies their housing needs, interviews them to determine eligibility based on established criteria, shows vacant and model suites and property amenities based on established techniques specified by the company. Quotes established rental rates and promotions. Makes follow-up calls, sends follow-up literature and pursues rental status. Collects funds related to applications, security deposits and rentals. Required to manage all internet leads and proper follow up. Completes applicant screening process and prepares appropriate correspondence based upon the result. Prepares leases and related leasing addendums. Maintains lease records and files. Maintains property waiting list and other updates to various records and reports in accordance with policy and procedures, applicable affordable housing programs and HUD/Agency regulations. Supports and ensures timely input, proper use and full utilization of on-site PC-based property management software for leasing data. Ensures apartments are ready for occupancy by inspecting, placing move-in products and last minute touches when necessary. Distributes keys, move-in package, safety video and other appropriate paperwork at time of lease signing. Maintains current knowledge of marketing and leasing techniques. Strives to attain affirmative marketing goals. Seeks out new residents through outreach, direct marketing, cold calling, distributing literature and contacting government, social, religious and community organizations in selected target areas. Maintains current knowledge of apartments, building amenities and local agencies or attractions of interest to residents. Maintains awareness of current rental rates and promotions of competitive properties. Assists with resident retention. Provides on going customer service to residents after moving in. Process work order requests, package collection, assists with day to day operations of the property and resident satisfaction. Qualifications This position requires a High School Diploma/GED. An additional that is preferred for the position include: Associate Degree in Customer Service/Hospitality. 1-2 years of required experience in Leasing or Sales. This position may require a valid driver’s license depending on the needs of the property. Required skills for this positon include: fair housing laws, affordable housing programs, Microsoft Office, personal accountability, persuasiveness, and customer service. A preferred skill for this position include: One-Site. This position requires up to 10% travel. _Equal Opportunity Employer: Minorities/Religion/Sex/Protected Veterans/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Marital Status/Pregnancy/Age/National Origin/Genetic Information_ _Drug free workplace_