This position serves as an internal information security consultant and will be the subject matter expert responsible for designing, implementing, and supporting a security control framework for a multi-tenant software-as-a- service product. Primary responsibilities include execution of SSAE18 SOC 1 and SOC 2 exams and monitoring control activities in certified environments. This position demands an organized, detail oriented team player with the ability to prioritize daily work and support multiple initiatives simultaneously; strong communication and customer focus is required. Provide information security expertise and support to assist in the achievement of both corporate and cloud compliance programs Provide expertise and support in customer hosted environments to ensure control activities are designed and implemented appropriately to protect the security, confidentiality, privacy, integrity and availability of data in compliance with organization policies and standards. Implement and monitor corporate business processes, recommend improvements and assist stakeholders to achieve information security goals and objectives related to Information Technology general controls Assist external auditors conducting annual compliance audits by reviewing all evidence to confirm it satisfies the items included in the document request list Utilize industry experience and knowledge to provide expertise and support to ensure company’s security framework remains in compliance with applicable regulations including evolving data privacy regulations As a strategic partner on the information security team to the company, consult on projects that automate business processes and drive employee efficiency to design and implement new controls to achieve compliance objectives Coordinate the internal design of Information Technology general controls Support the development, implementation, and updating of security policies and procedures. Qualifications BS/BA degree in Computer Science or IT audit related discipline or equivalent experience and a minimum of 3-5 years related work experience in information security governance and/or related functions (such as IT audit and IT Risk Management) Demonstrated experience with audit frameworks including SSAE 18 SOC 1, AT101 SOC 2 or ISO27001 Demonstrated experience working as an expert in information security, risk management or IT audit Demonstrated experience articulating technical concepts to non-technical users Strong business acumen to include strong verbal and written communication skills. CISA, CISM, CRISC, CISSP, or similar security certification preferred LI-DE1 Corporate overview _You’re empowered when you’re a Kronite._ Want to be part of an elite group of highly skilled professionals? We think our employees are a special group of talented, energetic, and innovative people. And for that reason, we refer to ourselves as Kronites. Kronites care about more than just work. We recognize the need to maintain a healthy work- life balance – to live inspired. In fact, it’s expected! You’ll soon learn that we take work and fun seriously. No matter what position you hold at Kronos, you’re a Kronite. And we want you to feel like you have the power to make a difference in your life and the lives of others, at work and beyond. Want to learn more about our culture? Follow us on Twitter @work4kronos. MyWorkInspired Kronos is a global provider of workforce management and human capital management cloud solutions. Kronos’ industry-specific workforce applications are purpose built for businesses, healthcare providers, educational institutions and government agencies of all sizes. Tens of thousands of organizations – including half of the Fortune 1000® - and more than 40 million people in over 100 countries use Kronos every day. EEO Statement Kronos is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and is committed to maintaining a diverse and inclusive work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, physical or mental disability, age, or veteran status or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law.