Atkore International Group Inc. is a leading manufacturer of Electrical Raceway products, primarily for the non-residential construction and renovation markets, and Mechanical Products & Solutions for the construction and industrial markets. Our mission is to be the customer’s first choice for electrical raceway and mechanical products and solutions, by providing unmatched quality, delivery and value based on sustainable excellence in strategy, people and processes. Atkore International is a publically traded industry leader, serving a wide range of construction, electrical, fire and security and mechanical applications. We successfully executed an initial public offering on June 10, 2016. Our business is comprised of two reporting segments, Electrical Raceway and Mechanical Products & Solutions, with total annual revenue of $1.6 B. Electrical Raceway has 2 business units, Cable Solutions and Conduit & Fittings, totaling just over $1B in annual revenue. Mechanical Products is a stand-alone business unit with about $600M in annual revenue. Our global locations include 24 manufacturing and distribution centers in the US, Canada, the United Kingdom, China, Australia, and New Zealand with over 3,000 employees. Reporting to the Manger of Cyber Security, the Cyber Security Analyst is a key contributor to Atkore’s Cyber Security program. The person in this role will be a technical resource within the Cyber Security team taking on a wide variety of challenges, driving the implementation and use of some of the best available tools and services with a strong voice in how the overall Cyber Security program evolves within the company. Responsibilities The specific responsibilities of this role include, but are not limited to the following: Lead the technical evaluation, testing and deployment of all new security technologies and services on the cyber security roadmap Co-develop and apply security standards and conduct the technical evaluation of new or existing vendors, service providers or network attached devices Lead the forensic analysis of security incidents and collaborate with the Cyber Security Program Lead to publish incident reports Monitor and respond to security alerts and lead the containment, remediation and recovery of the asset Develop standard processes to ensure consistent and repeatable response and recovery from security events and incidents Collaborate at a technical level with our security service providers Monitor the evolving threat and security technology landscape and contribute to the cyber security roadmap Other responsibilities as assigned