About Workplace Workplace is where regulated, security-sensitive firms get their work done. When wealth managers protect their applications, files, email, and websites inside workplace’s secure perimeter, their data is free to flow securely between colleagues and customers, and into and out of the applications, websites, and devices where their work gets done without risking exposure to cyberthreats. At workplace, we believe in freedom without compromise. That applies to ourselves as much as it does to our customers. We are ambitious, entrepreneurial, and growing fast – join us, and you’ll have the freedom and support to find the best way to get your job done. Your role We are looking for a Network and Security Engineer to join our Engineering team. You will be responsible for designing and supporting all activities related to a large network that extends across multiple cloud providers and platforms. The ideal candidate will have strong knowledge of design, automation, deployment and support of complex networks, and has experience leading a team through the process. This role reports to our Director of Infrastructure and is based in New York City. Your responsibilities Architect, deploy and support network in a multi-tenant hybrid environment Manage 2 person network team and establish toolset and processes Network virtualization, automation and security Qualifications Excellent leadership and communication skills Hands-on experience knowledge of open source routing and vpn, ensuring maximum availability and tight security Ability to implement and maintain highly available and secure connections for Cloud Services eg StrongSwan, WireGuard Hands-on experience supporting Cisco internet routers firewalls and core switches. Hands-on experience Cisco ASA, Cisco FirePower, PaloAlto, Fortinet,Checkpoint, SonicWall, WatchGuard, Sophos Excellent troubleshooting skills, including the packet capture analysis Network and/or Security certification Hands-on experience with Microsoft SDN is a plus Expert knowledge and automation of load balancers such as Citrix Netscaler OS33 is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive working environment.