Public Cloud Developer Role: Software Developer Job Title : Public Cloud Developer Career Level : Sr. Associate Software Engineer Location: Provo Utah or SUSE based locations Department: ISV & Public Cloud Infrastructure Division: SUSE Position Type: Fulltime Regular The Public Cloud is a fast paced environment within the IT industry. In the Public Cloud Team, we work very closely with our partners Amazon, Google, and Microsoft to ensure our users have the best in class experience when using SUSE products within their public cloud framework of choice. We are looking for a software developer interested in learning new technologies and interested to work in a fast paced partner facing team. As a member of the Public Cloud team you will be engaged with Public Cloud technologies from the three major Public Cloud providers. While many of these technologies are proprietary, the SUSE developed tools and infrastructure are all Open Source and we take pride in our Open Source heritage. After joining you will have the opportunity to provide major contributions to this effort. Required skills: Strongly self-motivated and an enthusiasm to learn. B.S. Degree in Computer Science (or related degree and experience). 2+ years of work experience. Knowledge of Linux Systems Knowledge of Public Cloud API use. Software development in Ruby and Python. Experience in the use of git and GitHub Software Development lifecycle and tools Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication are essential. Team oriented. Desirable skills: Involvement with the Open Source community and Open Source projects such as openSUSE. Linux system setup, configuration, and administration. Linux Packaging ( Open Build Service ) SUSE Certifications ( https://training.suse.com/) DevOps About SUSE SUSE, a pioneer in open source software, provides reliable, software-defined infrastructure and application delivery solutions that give enterprises greater control and flexibility. More than 25 years of engineering excellence, exceptional service and an unrivaled partner ecosystem power the products and support that help our customers manage complexity, reduce cost, and confidently deliver mission-critical services. The lasting relationships we build allow us to adapt and deliver the smarter innovation they need to succeed—today and tomorrow. For more information, visit www.suse.com