We're looking for an excellent Sr Machine Learning Engineer who will spearhead GumGum's effort in scaling our Computer Vision platform using bleeding edge technologies and frameworks. This candidate will be crucial in the design and development of distributed systems for the scalable training and deployment of state-of-the-art machine learning and computer vision solutions. Responsibilities Write high quality, fault tolerant and maintainable code. Mentor other team members to do so as well. Design cloud based workflow systems for ML applications Design distributed data centric apps to store and query ML training data. Maintain and run ML applications in production Scale our ever growing computer vision platform by leveraging GPUs Attend meetups and conferences about computer vision and machine learning technologies Design and maintain api’s for interfacing with ML applications Evolve in an agile and fast paced environment, interfacing directly with our business and product teams. Requirements Proficiency in a programming language such as Python, Java, or C++ Experienced with designing, developing and extending complex distributed systems in AWS. Understanding of machine learning fundamentals Proven experience building APIs and libraries for Java or Python Experience building web services, and integrating with 3rd parties What would be a plus? You have previous experience with ML systems using frameworks such as Tensorflow, Caffe, PyTorch, MXNet, etc. Experience using search technologies such as Elastic Search A solid understanding of DevOps principles such as infrastructure as code, scalability, and resilience Experience with CUDA Care about our business and our bottom line, and an eagerness to help us grow Experience leading teams Perks Great Healthcare, Vision, Dental plans 401k and stock options Unlimited vacation policy Education, conference and gym stipends Competitive Compensation Yearly Hackathon, fun all-hands (Vegas, Wyoming...) and monthly Happy Hours Great office, great people, 6 blocks from the beach!