Work Schedule: 7:00am - 3:30pm, Monday - Friday Telework: Not available Virtual: This is not a virtual position. Position Description/PD: Program Support Assistant/6398-O Relocation/Recruitment Incentives: Not authorized Financial Disclosure Report: Not required The Program Support Assistant serves under the supervision of the Blind Rehabilitation Services (BRS) Admissions Coordinator at the VA Palo Alto Health Care System (VAPAHCS). The position encompasses a wide range of duties related to the Blind Rehabilitation Service to include the Western Blind Rehabilitation Center (WBRC) residential programs, Visual Impairment Services Team (VIST), Blind Rehabilitation Outpatient Services (BROS), and outpatient service through Visual Impairment Centers To Optimize Remaining Sight (VICTORS). The major duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Directly supporting the activities of the WBRC Admissions Coordinator. Maintaining accurate data entries on the National BRS database and collecting data for reports required by VACO. Assisting in the transporting of Blind Rehabilitation patients to other campuses in the VA Palo Alto Health Care System as needed, including Livermore, Monterey, and Stockton or other appropriate locations. Responding to suspense items and triaging communications/inquiries received by email, phone, Secure Messaging, mail, and in-person requests to determine urgency and subject matter. Devising and maintaining an internal control system for correspondence and maintaining a filing system for information pertaining to patient care and administrative matters. Directly supporting Blind Rehabilitation Services employees that have identified reasonable accommodation needs. To qualify for this position, applicants must meet all requirements by the closing date of this announcement, 08/24/2018 Time-In-Grade Requirement: Applicants who are current Federal employees and have held a GS grade any time in the past 52 weeks must also meet time-in-grade requirements by the closing date of this announcement. For a GS-07 position you must have served 52 weeks at the GS-06. The grade may have been in any occupation, but must have been held in the Federal service. An SF-50 that shows your time-in-grade eligibility must be submitted with your application materials. Note: Time-In-Grade requirements also apply to former Federal employees applying for reinstatement as well as current employees applying for Veterans Employment Opportunities Act of 1998 (VEOA) appointment. This position includes a Selective Placement Factor (skill, knowledge, ability or other worker characteristic basic to - and essential for - satisfactory performance of the job). Selective Placement Factors are a prerequisite to appointment and represent minimum requirements for a position. Applicants who do not meet it are ineligible for further consideration. The Selective Placement Factor for this position is: Experience working with visually impaired stakeholders Specialized Experience: Applicants must have One year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the next lower grade GS-06 in the normal line of progression for the occupation in the organization. Examples of specialized experience would typically include, but are not limited to: Experience in administrative support duties such as data entry, travel coordination, and drafting meeting minutes. Experience in data collection and tracking support such as tracking correspondence, maintaining statistics, and preparing prosthetics requests. Experience in program administration such as requisitioning equipment, assisting visually impaired staff, and assisting with report writing. You will be rated on the following Competencies for this position: Administration and Management Planning and Evaluating Quality Assurance Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religions; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Note: A full year of work is considered to be 35-40 hours of work per week. Part-time experience will be credited on the basis of time actually spent in appropriate activities. Applicants wishing to receive credit for such experience must indicate clearly the nature of their duties and responsibilities in each position and the number of hours a week spent in such employment. Conditions of Employment: You must be a U.S. citizen to apply for this job. Subject to a background/suitability investigation. Designated and/or random drug testing may be required. Time-in-grade restrictions MUST be met by the closing date. Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959. Physical Requirements: The work is sedentary. Typically, the employee sits comfortably to do the work. However, there may be some walking, standing, bending, carrying of light items such as papers, books, small parts; or driving an automobile, etc. No special physical demands are required to perform the work. To apply for this position, you must provide a complete Application Package which includes: Resume (Required for ALL applicants) DD-214 (If applying as a Veteran) Other Veterans Documents (If applicable - e.g. VBA Letter) SF-15 (If Veteran claiming 10 point preference) Non-Award SF-50 (Required for VA, other Federal Employees, and Reinstatement eligibles) Schedule A Letter (If applying as a Schedule A applicant) Transcripts (If using education to qualify) In addition to the above documents, applicants may also submit the following: Cover Letter (Optional) OF-306 Declaration for Federal Employment (Required if selected) The following documents are accepted, and may be required if applicable to your eligibility and/or qualifications for this position. Please use this checklist to make sure you have included other documents required for your application, such as a copy of your transcript (if using education to qualify), SF-50's (current/former Federal employees), documentation to support Veterans Preference claims, or ICTAP/CTAP documentation (for displaced Federal employees). You will not be contacted for additional information. Veterans' Preference: When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible Veterans should claim preference for 5pt (TP), 10pt (CP/CPS/XP), or for Sole Survivor Preference (SSP) in the questionnaire. You must provide a legible copy of your DD214(s) which shows dates and character of service (honorable, general, etc.). If you are currently serving on active duty and expect to be released or discharged within 120 days you must submit documentation related to your active duty service which reflects the dates of service, character of service (honorable, general, etc.), and dates of impending separation. Additionally, disabled veterans and others eligible for 10-point preference (such as widows or mothers of eligible Veterans) must also submit an SF-15 "Application for 10 Point Veteran Preference" with required proof as stated on the form. Documentation is required to award preference. For more information on Veterans' Preference, please visit https://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/veterans.aspx Need help building your resume? Please visit USAJOBS - Support https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/how-to/account/documents/resume/build/.