Description Here at Labor & Industries we seek out collaborative, talented, and good-natured IT professionals looking to grow and develop their career! Specifically, we are looking for a highly technical mainframe and windows server infrastructure professional with a desire to support changes across business and technology through proactive service delivery. How does this scope of work accomplish this? As our Production Control and Operations Center Agent, you will be monitoring the heartbeat of our systems and applications, and giving agency staff and external customer's access to fully functional technology tools to perform their work successfully. Your job is to trouble shoot and coordinate responses to IT hardware and software problems, additionally you will generate, monitor, and distribute printed reports from our distributed and mainframe environments, and utilize current and innovative approaches to assist higher level IT technical staff resolve complex operational production problems. Serving as the primary interface between the Information Technology Division, Information Technology units, Facilities, and L &I personnel you will have the opportunity to: Improve customer satisfaction Minimize system downtime Exercise a solid set of skills Improve business productivity Supporting ongoing process improvement Make an impact and build up our service approach In the first six months: This environment is one of learning, and you will be an active participant in building an operations center. With the right background and self-development attitude, you will create processes that really make a mark on L &I's technological future. Some of what you will do Serve as an interface and liaison between customers, IT services and support, Washington Technology Solutions (WaTech), Washington Department of Enterprise Services (DES) and other entities. Research, analyze, diagnose, and resolve or escalate technical computer problems in coordination with higher level IT technical staff. Utilize problem management tracking system to escalate complex problems to other IT units. Monitor, assess, and analyze to improve the overall health of L&I's systems to reduce or eliminate system interruptions, and slowdowns. Analyze trends in call volumes, HEAT trends, trouble ticket patterns, and Monitoring Tool reports; generate reports and provide recommendations. Maintain IT web pages and manual of upcoming events. Follow established and innovative work methods and procedures to perform all duties and functions related to multi-platform print processing in-house or through DES printers. Ensure maintenance and quality assurance checks for all print functions by identifying problems or possible problems with hardware or with print quality. Who should apply? Professionals with four (4) years of information technology experience such as consulting, analyzing, designing, programming, installing and or maintaining computer software applications, hardware, telecommunications, or network infrastructure equipment; directing projects; providing customer or technical support in an information technology; computer mainframe operations; or administering or supervising staff who perform work in any of these information technologies disciplines. One (1) year experience identifying, trouble shooting, and resolving technical issues. What we're looking for Two years of experience working in a computer operations center monitoring and supporting server/infrastructure health. Two years of experience in mainframe computer and print operations. Ability to identify, troubleshoot and resolve technical problems with mainframe and printer operation. Tier one/two helpdesk tech support. Excellent writing and editing skills. Ability to communicate with technical and non-technical users. Server Administration Infrastructure monitoring. Knowledge of ITIL Consideration will be given to complete applications with attached resume, and cover letter. Your cover letter will concisely describe how you have "What we're looking for" outlined above. Supplemental Information This job announcement may be used to fill multiple vacancies. Application review starts immediately and the hiring authority reserves the right to offer the job at any time. It's to your advantage to apply quickly. Employees driving on state business must have a valid driver's license. Employees driving a privately owned vehicle on state business must have liability insurance on the privately owned vehicle. Prior to any new hire into L &I, a background check, including criminal record history, will be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment but will be considered in determining the applicant's suitability and competence to perform in the position. We're looking for evidence that you have what we're looking for. Your application materials will be used for deciding who'll be selected for interview. For more information about the Department of Labor & Industries visit: http://www.lni.wa.gov/ or contact us at: Jobs@Lni.wa.gov. L&I strives to attract and retain a high-performing and diverse workforce in which our differences are respected and valued to better meet the needs of the diverse customers we serve. L&I fosters an inclusive environment that promotes safety, collaboration, flexibility and fairness so that all employees can participate and contribute to their full potential. WFSE: This position is represented by the Washington Federation of State Employees (WFSE). _Persons with a disability, who need assistance in the application process, or those needing this announcement in an alternative format, may call_ _(360) 902-5700_ _. Applicants that are deaf or hard of hearing may call through the Washington Relay Service at 7-1-1._ _The State of Washington is an Equal Opportunity Employer_ If you have specific questions regarding this position, please contact Brian Quinn at 360-902-5704 or email at quil235@lni.wa.gov.