Where will you find innovation and technology? Right here at Northrop Grumman Corporation. Northrop Grumman is seeking a Cyber Information Systems Security Analyst to join the Cyber Information Assurance Security team. The Cyber Security organization has overall responsibility for providing information security oversight to all Northrop Grumman classified systems under their respective purview. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: Perform assessments of systems and networks within the networking environment or enclave and identify where those systems and networks deviate from acceptable configurations, enclave policy, or local policy. This is achieved through passive evaluations such as compliance audits and active evaluations such as vulnerability assessments. Establishes strict program control processes to ensure mitigation of risks and supports obtaining certification and accreditation of systems. Includes support of process, analysis, coordination, security certification test, security documentation, as well as investigations, software research, hardware introduction and release, emerging technology research inspections and periodic audits. Assist in the implementation of the required government policy (i.e., NISPOM, ICD 503), make recommendations on process tailoring, participate in and document process activities. Perform analyses to validate established security requirements and to recommend additional security requirements and safeguards. Support the formal Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E) required by each government accrediting authority through pre-test preparations, participation in the tests, analysis of the results and preparation of required reports. Document the results of Certification and Accreditation activities and technical or coordination activity and prepare the system Security Plans and update the Plan of Actions and Milestones POA&M. Periodically conduct a complete review of each system's audits and monitor corrective actions until all actions are closed. ESCSO "ITS3500" Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's degree with 2 years of experience or 6 years of relevant experience in lieu of bachelor's degree or 0 years of relevant experience with a master's degree. Active SCI security clearance. (Last investigation within the last 6 years) Current IAM DoD level 1 Security certification (CAP, GSLC or Security+ CE) or ability to obtain and maintain within 6 months of start date. Must have the ability to obtain, and maintain, a Special Access Programs (SAP/SAR) level clearance as a condition of continued employment. Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Cyber Security or related discipline with 2 years of experience with a current IAM DoD level 1 security certification (CAP, GSLC or Security+ CE). Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.