We are now looking for a Solutions Architect: NVIDIA is searching for an extraordinary Solutions Architect with HPC/Cloud focus. Primary responsibilities will be to lead Datacenter hardware/software customer technical engagement for NVIDIA products and systems deployed in cloud datacenters. You will be working cross functionally with our organizations as well as ensuring a positive experience for external customers. You should be comfortable working in a dynamic environment, and have experience working with Linux-based cloud systems. You will use your software development skills to introduce automation and build robust artificial intelligence systems, and put together custom solutions quickly for short-term requirements. Excellent communication skills and ability to work independently are essential. Experience with virtualization and remote visualization is a plus, as well as the ability to pick up new technologies and skills. Location: Santa Clara, CA What you’ll be doing: First and primary point of technical support for our hardware and software products provided to customer Work closely with the entire customer team, including sales and program management, as well as applications engineering. Shepherd critical customer issues and provide timely advance warning of critical issues that need attention. Technical expert on all NVIDIA products, directly supporting Sales Account Managers, and working closely with the team to secure design wins, and to lead the support of the product through the design-in phase all the way to product end of life. Establish close personal technical ties to the customer account, establishing personal relationships to facilitate rapid resolution of issues and promote the highest levels of customer satisfaction. What we need to see: 8+ years of experience in a high tech electronics industry in a design role or technical customer support role BS in EE, CS, Math, or Physics or equivalent work experience Comfortable in a hands-on lab environment In-depth knowledge of computer systems architecture beneficial Familiarity with at least one of C, C++, or Python HPC systems management experience HPC software: MPI, compilers, common applications Ways to stand out from the crowd: GPU development experience Deep Learning and/or AI experience Cloud development/deployment experience In-depth software development or data science experience Advanced degree NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning