Additional Locations: US-MN-Maple Grove; US-MN-Minnetonka Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work. This is a 12 month defined employment opportunity that includes Boston Scientific's full health, dental, 401K, and PTO benefits with the opportunity to convert to a permanent position. Boston Scientific is looking for an independent programmer to join a newly formed group that develops, creates, and maintains internal business tools and applications. We are looking for someone to help us further establish this group and make their own mark as we utilize the MVP (minimal viable product) mentality/methodology and expect you to know when it’s “good enough for now” without sacrificing the long-term vision of the team. Qualified candidates should have a proven history of: Taking ownership of projects and working independently - you will own developing, writing, testing, and deployment of code with limited direction and oversight. Completing tasks and projects quickly and 'correctly' - meaning commenting, testing, and all other documentation while still hitting deadlines. You must be methodical and detail oriented in the face of rapidly changing demands. Communicating and Collaborating with cross-functional teams Technical Skills: 2+ years of development experience with Python Experience working with Django, Flask, Jinja2, frameworks Experience working with front end/UI/UX technologies including Javascript, JQuery, HTML5, CSS Experience working with Git (e.g. Bitbucket) Nice to have skills: Development strategies and tools to fully flesh-out concepts (wireframing, prototyping etc.) Experience working with Test Driven Development (TDD) MVP (minimal viable product) and what that means to you and your customer. Full-stack development experience or knowledgeable enough to detail what data needs to be exposed Security Standards and how to implement them MySQL/MariaDB experience Software development methodologies (e.g. Scrum) and tools (e.g. Kanban boards) Business Intelligence and what that means to the business About us As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen. Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran Requisition ID: 433496 Nearest Major Market: Minneapolis Job Segment: Developer, Medical, Programmer, Information Systems, Medical Technology, Technology, Healthcare