We have an urgent requirement for a Micro Symphony POS consultant in Canton, MA. Candidates willing to join in a short notice may apply. Job Description Skills Needed Technical SME on Micros Simphony POS Implementation – should be able to advise client on deployment, base product configuration best practices, integration best practices Knowledge on MyCentral/OHIECS Multiple hands-on custom development related to extensions on Micros Simphony POS platform Should be able to play advisory role to Dunkin’s Store Menu Management team for setup of Menu data structure, pricing, tax, limited time offers and discounts Proactively help out in other Store Delivery areas like advising client on complex L3 support issues related to Micros Simphony POS Production Overall 8+ years of IT Experience, preferably in Services or Product Companies Overall 5-6 Years of Experience in POS in Retail and Hospitality/QSR Last 2-3 Years in Micros Simphony POS: Techno-Functional and good understanding of Simphony 2.8+ POS Architecture. Desired at least 1 Micros Simphony POS Product Implementation involving Base Product Configurations and Deployment Functional and technical Understanding of Symphony EMC and MyMicros Functional Understanding of Simphony KDS will be added advantage Strong SQL skills and Exposure to Web Services and ETL tools Job Location : Canton, Massachusetts, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 09 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.