About Suffolk Care Collaborative (SCC) and its Central Services Organization The Suffolk Care Collaborative (www.suffolkcare.org) is a newly formed collaborative administered by the Office of Population Health (OPH) at Stony Brook Medicine. The vision for OPH is to improve county-wide health by addressing a wide range of challenges to health, to focus on building strategy and programs that will identify and stratify the risk in our population, and to improve clinical outcomes and financial results. The OPH is comprised of three key functional areas, (1) project management office, (2) care management program and (3) network development, community/patient engagement and performance office. Our central service organization design is currently engaged to support the initiatives of the SCC as the Suffolk Performing Provider System (PPS) under the Delivery System Reform Incentive Payment (DSRIP) program. Through DSRIP, a grant waiver administered by the NYS DOH, allocated $6.42 Billion Medicaid dollars to fundamentally restructure the health care delivery system to transition care delivery from a largely inpatient-focused system to a community-facing system that addresses both medical needs and social determinants of health. The SCC is currently recruiting for a Data Integration Analyst to support the Patient Engaging Technologies and Health Information Exchange Department. Position Description Data Integration Analyst responsible for the design, building, on-going support of our Health Information Exchange (HIE) environment. This includes our Cerner HIE, RHIO, OpenLlink interface engine (for external interfaces only), data mapping, normalization and quality assurance. This Data Integration Analyst will report directly to the Director of Patient Engaging Technologies and Health Information Exchange. Job duties include working with the Suffolk Care Collaborative, Stony Brook Medicine (SBM) and connecting all its entities such as hospitals, clinics and ambulatory practices. May also include entities such as Behavior Health, Home Care, Nursing Facilities, etc. that are affiliates for SBM. Daily tasks will include: Analysis of both ambulatory and acute EMR HL7, flat file, and CCDa messages Development and configuration of new HIE using Cerner Clinical Exchange Platform framework, RHIO, Openlink Interface Engine, database stored procedures and other configuration files Modifications to existing HIE code and configuration to support addition of new feeds, new features being implemented, customer enhancements, internal and external upgrades, ongoing ambulatory EMR rollouts Unit testing of entire HIE as required for deployment of new installs, upgrades and customer specific enhancements Documentation of interface designs and HIE and RHIO configuration and code Issue tracking, follow up and resolution Providing production support for escalated issues Working closely with Cerner, RHIO and OpenLink technical analysts and project managers to facilitate the implementation that meets needs and timelines Supporting customer calls on various projects at different stages