As a Technical Solution Engineer, you will be a core member of our Technical Solutions team, focusing on assisting our enterprise customers with technical issue resolution and advice. You will provide the 2nd line support, working with Customer Success managers and customers to quickly assess and troubleshoot issues, document product enhancements or defects, and provide best practice advice around the implementation and use of our Reputation Management platform. You will work with Customer Success, Engineering, and Product teams on various product issues, and contribute to projects revolving around support tools and knowledge management. A successful candidate for this job will have a strong technical aptitude along with a strong self-starting, proactive mentality and excellent verbal and written communication skills. You will be working with a technical platform and complex issues and you’re tasked with creating excitement and loyalty in the customers you interact with. When support volume is low, we expect you to take initiative and find tasks you can perform that will benefit Reputation.com (e.g., build out the support knowledge base, rollout vertical data sets for demo purpose, and create “How To” videos demonstrating new features). Responsibilities: Provide technical support for enterprise customers Develop a deep understanding of the Reputation management platform Troubleshoot technical issues to establish the root cause of problems and form a solution or workaround across a range of environments Document solutions and workarounds in the Customer Success Knowledge Base Reproduce customer issues and if necessary file bug reports, escalate cases to Engineering and provide necessary documentation Provide input on product and service related enhancement requests back to Product Management and Product Marketing teams Qualifications: 2+ years experience providing technical support or services for SaaS-based software solutions with experience in diagnosing and troubleshooting using common browser diagnostic and development tools 3+ years experience writing and debugging in one of the following languages: JavaScript, Python, or Java Proficient in Linux text processing tools (i.e. grep, cat, sed/awk, sort, uniq) Ability to work with complex solutions, to assess log files, to perform systematic troubleshooting, and write SQL queries. SUMO Logic experience preferred. Proven ability to think analytically and methodically with high attention to detail Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to communicate technical concepts/explanations to non-technical users clearly and effectively Excellent time management skills and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced, high growth, rapidly changing environment Desired Qualifications: Scripting or programming experience (Java, C++, Python, Perl, Bash, etc.) Experience supporting Enterprise Marketing environments, or related markets Experience using MongoDB, Hadoop, or Atlassian products Working knowledge of AWS About Reputation.com : Ninety percent of buyers say online reviews influence their purchasing decisions. Per Harvard Business Review, a difference of one “star” in a rating leads to a 9 percent difference in revenue. Yet companies struggle to ensure that their reviews and ratings reflect actual customer satisfaction. CMOs find themselves at the mercy of algorithms they don’t control on Google, Facebook and thousands of specialty sites – where no amount of marketing spend can offset the negative impact of a weak online reputation. We deliver the category-leading Online Reputation Management (ORM) platform for large, multi-location enterprises. Our intelligent platform helps them: Monitor and manage online presence, review sites and social media Generate more representative star ratings and reviews Improve customer experience through operational changes Maximize customer retention and revenue Reputation.com is a World Economic Forum Global Growth Company and is funded by the same top-tier venture capital firms that backed Google, Skype, Intuit and Microsoft. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.