UW Medicine’s IT Services department is looking for an outstanding Identity & Access Analyst to join the team! This classification is in a bargaining unit. What are we looking for? Patients Are First focus Customer service mindset Interpersonal skills and teamwork Results-oriented attitude Commitment Adaptability and flexibility What are the perks? Medical insurance at reasonable rates with TEN plans to choose from! Dental Insurance at no cost to you OR your dependents…AND we have three plans for you to choose from! 10 paid holidays AND one personal holiday every year! Generous amounts of vacation and sick leave that you can feel good about taking! TWO Retirement plans to choose from! Voluntary Investment program to save more towards your retirement! Deferred Compensation program to save even MORE towards your retirement! Dependent Care Assistance program! On-site Childcare Centers! Flexible Spending Accounts! Long Term Disability insurance! Life and Accidental Death and Dismemberment insurance! U-PASS transportation program and discounted parking! Tuition Exemption program! Housing Resources and home buying options! Auto, home, renter, and boat group insurance! Valuable membership and merchandise discounts! Federal student loan forgiveness under the Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) program! For all of the specific details on these benefits and more, please click here. And now for some of the "official" language: This position provides services as required by a 24/7/365 hospital and clinical environment. The environment includes access to and maintenance for UW Medicine workforce of University of Washington managed resources (such as the UW NetID), clinical systems (such as ORCA, Epic, and MINDscape), business applications (such as SDM and AMC Domain), reference databases (such as MSOW and MedHub), and other internet resources (such as the NPI registry and Washington State License repository). The environment is further composed of hundreds of thousands of user and contact records across dozens of systems. The goal is to provide a highly reliable, compliant, timely and complete service of identity, contact, and access management as well as coordinate and drive enterprise identity, contact, and access management solutions and projects that require understanding of the discipline of identity and access management within the context of the complex, multifaceted organization of UW Medicine; including data processing, application maintenance, application support, system/application/interface development and client/user consultation and education. This position requires significant flexibility and adaptability to new and changing user access requirements, technologies, policies, processes and procedures within the UW Medicine environment. The time spent and effort in each responsibility within this position is expected to vary widely based on a variety of factors including seasonal variation and resource alignment. Under the general supervision of the Identity and Access Operations Supervisor, this position is responsible for a blend of duties focused in five areas: Activate, maintain, validate and deactivate secure and compliant enterprise end user accounts; Maintain enterprise end user and clinical contact information data integrity; Analyze, troubleshoot, and support end users and departments regarding centralized repository data, access levels, and account and data lifecycle; Design and document enterprise user accounts and clinical contact information workflow to maintain and improve data quality and efficiencies; Consult and coordinate with enterprise stakeholders to develop integrate, and adopt process and process changes related to identity, access, and contact information. The successful candidate will have: Ability to accurately triage and analyze customer requests and to resolve or escalate customer requests in an efficient and timely manner. Demonstrated initiative with effective follow-up and prioritization skills to deliver excellent customer service. Ability to effectively utilize the Incident/Request Management software and other applications as necessary to facilitate work in the User Access Administration department. Ability to effectively communicate and work with customers and other departmental staff to assess and resolve customer issues. Ability to organize work, set priorities and meet deadlines under pressure. Produce work with close attention to detail. Ability to work with minimal direction, independently or as part of a team, and to be self-directed to accomplish work assignments. Ability to quickly and accurately understand complex system requirement. Ability to provide system solutions that incorporate identity and access management standards, policy and regulation adherence and an understanding of workflow and business requirements. Demonstrated attention to detail. Proven customer service orientation with a history of delivering high quality service/products on time. HIPAA Requirements: Demonstrates knowledge and understanding of patient privacy rights. Maintains confidentiality of all medical, financial, or other sensitive materials and information in printed, electronic or verbal form, which may jeopardize the privacy of patients. Accesses and uses the minimum necessary patient identifiable information to perform job responsibilities and duties and only for authorized purposes. Responsibilities include: Activate, maintain, validate and deactivate secure and compliant UW Medicine enterprise user accounts and clinical contact information for clinical and non-clinical systems. Maintain the PUMA (Provider User Maintenance Authority) database and downstream systems data integrity (such as ORCA, Epic, AMC) through data maintenance, inventory, evaluation of interface data transfer results, and request and incident ticket processing and auditing; Provide training to end users who use the PUMA application to verify contact information. Write and maintain user documentation. Work with policy and business requirement development groups to provide subject matter expertise regarding the provisioning of user accounts, and clinical contact data validity; Identify and mitigate compliance risks for all workflows; Meet with users/clients to educate and coordinate process and workflow regarding identity and access management, to capture feedback regarding the systems that are maintained and to provide analysis on how to apply/develop software applications to the specific workflows and business requirements of UW Medicine departments or business units; Develop routine and ad hoc SQL queries, spreadsheets and databases to support and maintain application programs and/or support enterprise development (within 3 months of start date); Provide analysis and troubleshooting to maintain the interfaces to PUMA from upstream systems (such as SOM databases, FHCRC/SCCA Gateway) for data integrity through data maintenance, inventory, interface support, request and incident ticket processing and auditing; Assist in the development of new UW Medicine interfaces, workflow and system solutions regarding identity, contact, and access management data, procedures and policies; Diagnose and resolve software/interface problems based on validation of user account and clinical contact information, and work with the Database Administrators, system architects and other business units to solve complex problems; As a team member, perform systems analysis and program design tasks in determining computer system specifications, developing systems, operational procedures, and developing data models; Assist in testing, development and evaluation of software products for UW Medicine standards and workflow; Provide quality control and quality assurance techniques to the development of identity records and user access for clinical, administrative and financial systems; Application access administration over multiple platforms including clinical, administrative and financial applications; May provide training or project leadership to other members of the team; Apply Federal Regulations (such as FERPA and HIPAA), State Laws, University of Washington and UW Medicine Policies and technology standards in the development, support, and maintenance of user accounts and clinical contact data workflow for clinical, administrative and financial systems; Facilitate communication between System Owners/Operators, Compliance (Privacy and Security), and end users and managers regarding identity record and user access matters; Perform related duties as required. What you'll bring to the table: Two years of experience in programming or computer support services of a technical nature OR equivalent education/experience. Additional Department Requirements: Two years of experience (referenced above) should include: Demonstrated experience utilizing the following Windows based Microsoft Office applications: Access, Excel and Word. Demonstrated knowledge and previous experience in identifying and resolving problems with databases and data quality. Demonstrated experience utilizing database tools and applications. Previous experience working in data analysis and data quality. Ideally, you'll also have: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience (preferably in communications, business administration, computer science or related disciplines, e.g. production support, data analysis). At least 6 months of experience with workflow around the PUMA database. At least 1 year of professional experience in a medical environment requiring the manipulation and analysis of sensitive data. At least 2 years of professional experience with systems analysis, design, implementation and support. Demonstrated knowledge and experience with data structures. Demonstrated knowledge and experience with database administration. Demonstrated knowledge and experience with SQL queries. Healthcare industry experience. Demonstrated experience utilizing Web based applications and tools. Demonstrated organizational skills. Demonstrated experience working in a multitude of environments concurrently. Strong customer service orientation, as it is essential to have the ability to work positively with diversely skilled users from Administrator to clerical level. Excellent interpersonal communications skills. Strong written communications skills. What are some of the other tidbits that you might want to know? This position is in a bargaining unit. This position provides services 24x7x365 and there is a pager rotation. Ability to communicate clearly in English, both verbally and in writing. Appointment to this position will be contingent upon successful completion of reference checks and criminal background investigations. This posting may not include the complete description for the role. The application process for UW Medicine positions may include completion of a variety of online assessments to obtain additional information that will be used in the evaluation process (i.e. Work Authorization, Criminal Conviction History, Cover Letter and/or others). Any assessments that you need to complete will appear on your screen as soon as you select “Apply to this position”. Once you begin applying for a position, all assessments must be completed at that time. Please note that your application shows up in our system as ready to review regardless of whether or not all assessments have been completed. If the assigned Recruiter happens to review applications prior to all of your assessments being completed, there is a chance you could be 'Not Selected' due to an incomplete application. For this reason, we strongly encourage all applicants to ensure there is plenty of time to complete _all_ of the assessments prior to clicking on “Apply to this position”. Who are we and what do we do? UW Medicine’s mission is to improve the health of the public by advancing medical knowledge, to provide outstanding primary and specialty care to the people of the region, and to prepare tomorrow’s physicians, scientists and other health professionals. Our staff not only enjoys outstanding benefits and professional growth opportunities, but also an environment noted for diversity, community involvement, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits, and natural beauty. UW Medicine’s Information Technology Services (ITS) department is a shared services organization that supports ALL of UW Medicine! UW Medicine is comprised of Harborview Medical Center, Northwest Hospital & Medical Center, Valley Medical Center, UW Medical Center, UW Neighborhood Clinics, UW Physicians, UW School of Medicine and Airlift Northwest. In addition, UW Medicine shares in the ownership and governance of Children’s University Medical Group and Seattle Cancer Care Alliance (a partnership between UW Medicine, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research and Seattle Children’s). ITS is responsible for the ongoing support and maintenance of the infrastructure and applications which support all of these institutions, along with the implementation of new services and applications that are used to support and further the UW Medicine mission. The University of Washington is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information.