ABOUT THE ROLE: At Indochino, we are always looking for fashion enthusiasts to be a part of our team! Currently, we are looking for Style Guides to join our Showroom. As a Style Guide you will be an expert on Indochino style, design, quality, and service, you will drive business by providing exceptional customer experience to all new and existing clients while also supporting the overall operational needs of the showroom. Provide consistent personalized service to every customer to meet their individual needs Reach and exceed all metric based goals, including appointment numbers, sales targets, AOV and conversion Build strong, lasting relationships on behalf of Indochino with high value clients in Chicago to increase high value client base Maintains positive, respectful, professional work environment Provide feedback, ideas, and new initiatives to Retail Operations Manager, and have a voice on how we continue to build the showroom concept at Indochino Assist retail operations department and marketing department in all retail initiatives in the showroom Solve problems with initiative, by asking questions, and not waiting for someone to do it for you. Be an entrepreneur ABOUT YOU: You are passionate about fashion and have a way of delivery customer service that is simply top-notch. You are an exceptional team player and understand what it takes to help and support everyone so together we succeed as a team. In addition, the following also describes you: Strong selling skills, passion for menswear, and experience working in a clientele based environment. Customer service oriented with a natural desire to care for the needs of others Strongly identifies with the Indochino brand and wants to help grow the Showroom concept Strong problem solving ability coupled with excellent time management and organizational skills Deep desire to put drive & effort into your work Knowledge about men's tailoring, pattern design, garment alterations, and fabrics preferred WHY YOU SHOULD WORK AT INDOCHINO: Of course you will get great compensation, but there are a few things that set us apart. Ground floor opportunity: influence the strategic and operational direction of Indochino’s growing retail department Your co-workers will be outstanding. The people here are really terrific. We’re continually learning from each other. We truly collaborate. You will work and partner with a variety of different teams from merchandising, technology, operations and anything in between. We’re shaking things up in the apparel world. If you have ambition and a strong point of view (with the skills to back it up) you’ll have a good time at Indochino. If this sounds like something you’d love to do, and you know you’re the person for us, visit our careers page, tell us a bit about yourself, we’d love to hear from you!