Corporate Technology is looking for a Systems Engineer. Specially worked in Red Hat environments. Below are job responsibilities in this role 5+years experience using Red Hat/Linux Supervising Hadoop jobs using scheduler. 5+ years Systems Engineering/Administration experience. Assist MapReduce programs running on the Hadoop cluster. Pre-processing using Hive and Pig. Decipher intricate technical requirements. Analyze vast amount of data and gain insights from it. Preserve security and data privacy. Develop highly scalable and web services with exceptional performance, for data tracking. High-speed querying. Managing and deploying HBase. Be a part of a POC team and help build new Hadoop clusters. Investigate new prototypes and be in charge of it until it is handed over to the operational teams. Come up with best practices. Responsible for troubleshooting and development on Hadoop technologies like HDFS, Hive, Pig, Flume, MongoDB, Accumulo, Sqoop, Zookeeper, Spark, MapReduce2, YARN, HBase, Tez, Kafka, and Storm. Translate, load and exhibit unrelated data sets in various formats and sources like JSON, text files, Kafka queues, and log data. Fine tune applications and systems for high performance and higher volume throughput General operational expertise such as good troubleshooting skills, understanding of system’s capacity, bottlenecks, basics of memory, CPU, OS, storage, and networks. Additional Responsibilities for the admin: Excellent knowledge of Linux as Hadoop runs on Linux. Responsible for implementation and support of the Enterprise Hadoop environment. Involves designing, capacity arrangement, cluster set up, performance fine-tuning, monitoring, structure planning, scaling and administration. The administrator consultant will work closely with infrastructure, network, database, business intelligence and application teams to ensure business applications are highly available and performing within agreed on service levels. Need to implement concepts of Hadoop eco system such as YARN, MapReduce, HDFS, HBase, Zookeeper, Pig and Hive. In charge of installing, administering, and supporting Windows and Linux operating systems in an enterprise environment. Accountable for storage, performance tuning and volume management of Hadoop clusters and MapReduce routines. In command of setup, configuration and security for Hadoop clusters using Kerberos. Monitor Hadoop cluster connectivity and performance. Manage and analyze Hadoop log files. File system management and monitoring. Develop and document best practices HDFS support and maintenance. Setting up new Hadoop users. Responsible for the new and existing administration of Hadoop infrastructure. Knowledge of Troubleshooting Core Java Applications is a plus. Include DBA Responsibilities like data modeling, design and implementation, software installation and configuration, database backup and recovery, database connectivity and security. Qualifications 7 years of hands on experience in a large scale distributed environment. Experienced DBA focused on Oracle, Microsoft SQL and Sybase; Exadata a plus Practical exposure to monitoring tools – Oracle, Tivoli UA, etc. Oracle RAC, ASM CRS installation and support Sybase ASE and IQ is a plus Certified Hadoop admin is an asset Knowledge in Big Data space like hive, hBase, Spark , maria is a big plus Storage management and efficiency Data warehouse, clustering and replication methodologies Performance tuning and troubleshooting Ability to support environments while executing projects deliverables Responsible for production and non production database application support. Ability to architect, design and configure large, complex databases with replication and high-availability on the most current MSSQL versions. Translate comprehensive DB architecture, implementation and upgrade plans and assists in definition of database standards, policies, and procedures. Lead data requirements, architecture review, and modeling sessions. Primary contact for projects within the team, interfacing with project managers, application development staff and executive management and infrastructure teams. Day-to-day production support (incident coordination, changes, service requests, vulnerability management, performance tuning). Customer support & communications. Good communication skills for providing documentation to support personnel, customers, and managers