The Data Engineer role works to onboard, integrate and deliver data. You’ll provide analytical experiences through secure, consistent and trusted data that empowers our applications and users to make impactful decisions. This role is focused on developing data solutions for the business that answer strategic questions and enhance our reporting services and platforms. This team creates ongoing value for the business through iterative development and delivery. Successful team members are adaptable, innovative, and empathetic. Successful Data Engineers take this a step further and are goal and business oriented. Lastly, C.H. Robinson’s data mandate is evolving, we’re combining proprietary ETL applications, with big data to increase speed to market and offer real time data to our analysts and applications. This means we are looking for someone that wants to learn our systems and help us grow! Responsibilities: Designs technology solutions for complex scenarios that may influence architectural implementations of technology and business process, taking in to account performance and availability. Creates, designs and maintains datasets for analysis and consumption by applications. Translates/Converts the business high-level requirements into detailed designs, partnering with Business Analysts, business stakeholders, and architects. Participates in the development of enterprise tools to be used by multiple teams/applications. Participates in code development that defines the business logic for large scale solutions. Utilizes advanced source control features and provides input on strategy for the team. Tunes performance and resolves availability issues of application and its dependencies. Debugs multiple applications including service boundaries and dependent processes. Qualifications: Proven track record in delivering in an agile environment. Self-motivated, able to work with minimal supervision. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. 2 years of experience leveraging ETL tools to load a data warehouse or create a data store. Skilled with Git and GitHub or comparable distributed version control system. Experience with Microsoft SSIS, SQL Server, and Analysis Services. Experience in Dimensional, Entity-Relationship, OLAP data modeling. Practical Experience with test driven development (TDD) and Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD). Passion for using technology and data to solve business problems. Education: Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent work experience. Coding “Bootcamp” graduates also considered with equivalent experience. Benefits We offer a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance, prescription drug coverage, paid holidays and vacation, disability insurance, life insurance, 401K with company match, profit sharing, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and the opportunity to prosper in a Fortune 500 company. About C.H. Robinson Become a part of our team of over 500 talented IT Professionals. Work in collaborative, Agile development environment. Find continuing challenges and work with committed leaders. Stay with us – we’re large enough to build global solutions, but small enough to make real impacts as individuals. C.H. Robinson—accelerating careers with immense opportunities and professional growth within the global supply chain industry. Start here. Accelerate here. Every individual working at C.H. Robinson is integral to the success of our customers and our company. C.H. Robinson is a Fortune 500, global company that values teamwork, initiative, accountability, and integrity from its employees. We work globally and innovate daily to enhance and execute supply chains that move goods around the world. The fast pace of the logistics industry translates into a high-energy and collaborative workplace environment. We are empowered to make decisions, help our customers grow, and accelerate our careers. No matter the product being shipped or from which corner of the globe, C.H. Robinson can help make it happen—quickly, securely, and reliably. Through personal connections and solid relationships, our employees use their in-depth knowledge, robust tools, and global network to help customers reach their goals quickly. Whether shipping by plane, rail, ship, or truck, C.H. Robinson has the knowledge, flexibility, and dedication to deliver the goods that make our world go ‘round. Join the 12,000 employees worldwide who are accelerating their careers at C.H. Robinson. Equal Opportunity Employer C.H. Robinson - Affirmative Action Employer/EOE/M/F/Disabled/Veteran LI-MM1