We're the driverless car company. We believe in improving people’s lives by making transportation safer, more accessible, and more convenient. We’re building the world’s most advanced software ( https://www.driverless.id/news/video-breakdown-gms-unicorn-cruise- shows-off-level-4-skills-sf-passing-uber-maybe-waymo-0176031/ ) to fuel the driverless cars that safely connect people to the places, things, and experiences they care about. We seek and embrace diversity in all of its forms. We continuously push ourselves to think differently and take ownership wherever it's needed. This is a place for dreamers and doers to succeed. If you share our passion for achieving what some say is impossible, join us. About the role: Cruise is looking for an Internal Operations Project Manager to take on various projects throughout the company. Working as a cross functional leader, this Project Manager will be working with all business units throughout Cruise in documenting procedures, managing projects from inception to launch, and ensuring success of cross collaborative efforts between business units. Responsibilities: Manage day-to-day operations processes of various business units, meeting deadlines, and ensuring that projects are being completed on schedule. Keep team motivated and aligned with company mission and values Successfully follow through on strategy on short and long-term department goals Use data to monitor, track, and evaluate KPIs; proactively propose and champion process, tooling, or documentation. Communicate across different groups within engineering, operations, legal, vehicles, and support teams to understand needs and align on priorities Work with senior leadership on creation of new processes and documentation Work with leadership in managing new facilities Be the go-to project manager for all things operations related Requirements: 2+ years of work experience, ideally at a fast-growing company Ability to understand and communicate basic technical concepts Organized, structured thinker that can navigate different projects, tools, and stakeholders and communicate status, progress, issues, and changes to diverse audiences Ability to drive forward solutions in ambiguous situations with limited supervision Analytical and data-oriented; can create and use KPIs / dashboards to monitor complex operations Proficient in Excel and Powerpoint Exceptional verbal and written communication skills Passionate about autonomous technology and its potential impact on the world Perks of being a Cruiser: While doing meaningful work is the best perk of all, we also offer the following programs and benefits to support the extraordinary humans who serve as the backbone in making our robot cars go: The opportunity to solve difficult problems that have immediate and valuable real-world applications Competitive salary and benefits including 401k Cruise matching program to help you meet your long-term financial goals Medical / dental / vision, AD+D and Life Paid parental leave so you can spend time with the newest addition(s) to your family’s fleet Health and Wellness reimbursement Annual Learning and Development stipend Flexible vacation and 10 paid company holidays State of the art equipment for your work station Healthy lunch, dinner, and snacks Take a glimpse through the lens of a Cruiser on our LinkedIn Page ( https://www.linkedin.com/company/cruise-automation-inc-/ ) GM Cruise LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, GM Cruise LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Pursuant to applicable laws including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Privacy Statement ( https://getcruise.com/privacy )