We are looking for a full stack Web Framework developer to work on upstream R&D; projects closely with a data science team, performing functional prototyping and facilitating the transfer of successful prototypes to production software development teams. We are seeking an experienced developer who will be able to begin working immediately. You will be joining a growing data science team and will have the unique opportunity to help shape the future. Responsibilities: Design and develop software solutions in our Data Science area Continuously collaborate with people on the business side, business analysts, data science while iteratively delivering solutions Innovative thinker able to provide an idea and execute it from inception to launch Maintain knowledge of emerging data science technologies Work in a rapid prototyping area where the ability to pivot is a must Qualifications: Required: Client Side: 2+ years’ experience with front-end languages (JavaScript HTML5) 2+ years’ experience with front-end frameworks and libraries (Bootstrap, D3.js, Plotly, Leaflet) Proficiency in React is a plus Service Side: Minimum of 1 year experience with Python Applicants with docker or container orchestration experience preferred (kubernetes, mesos) Experience with web frameworks such as Flask and Django Experience working with Numpy, Pandas, or modeling is a plus Familiarity with API creation and RESTful services Preferred: Proficient with GitHub/Git, or comparable distributed version control system Well versed in NoSQL (MongoDB, ElasticSearch. ) Experience using message queues (Kafka, Redis, RabbitMQ) SQL experience preferred (MSSQL, Postgres, Hive) Passion for software development and solving complex problems Good communicator and experience as part of a development team Interest in learning new technologies and languages Ability to be resourceful and creative in a fast-paced daily release environment Education: Undergraduate degree in computer science/software engineering, or equivalent work experience. Benefits We offer a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance, prescription drug coverage, paid holidays and vacation, disability insurance, life insurance, 401K with company match, profit sharing, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and the opportunity to prosper in a Fortune 500 company. About C.H. Robinson Become a part of our team of over 500 talented IT Professionals. Work in collaborative, Agile development environment. Find continuing challenges and work with committed leaders. Stay with us – we’re large enough to build global solutions, but small enough to make real impacts as individuals. C.H. Robinson—accelerating careers with immense opportunities and professional growth within the global supply chain industry. Start here. Accelerate here. Every individual working at C.H. Robinson is integral to the success of our customers and our company. C.H. Robinson is a Fortune 500, global company that values teamwork, initiative, accountability, and integrity from its employees. We work globally and innovate daily to enhance and execute supply chains that move goods around the world. The fast pace of the logistics industry translates into a high-energy and collaborative workplace environment. We are empowered to make decisions, help our customers grow, and accelerate our careers. No matter the product being shipped or from which corner of the globe, C.H. Robinson can help make it happen—quickly, securely, and reliably. Through personal connections and solid relationships, our employees use their in-depth knowledge, robust tools, and global network to help customers reach their goals quickly. Whether shipping by plane, rail, ship, or truck, C.H. Robinson has the knowledge, flexibility, and dedication to deliver the goods that make our world go ‘round. Join the 12,000 employees worldwide who are accelerating their careers at C.H. Robinson. Equal Opportunity Employer C.H. Robinson - Affirmative Action Employer/EOE/M/F/Disabled/Veteran LI-AB2