Neudesic is currently seeking a Solution Architect for our Predictive Enterprise (Data & Analytics) service line, to be based in the Seattle market. This role requires the perfect mix of being a brilliant technologist and also a deep appreciation for how technology drives business value. You will have broad and deep technology knowledge and the ability to architect solutions by mapping client business problems to end-to-end technology solutions. Demonstrated ability to engage senior level technology decision makers in data management, real-time analytics, predictive analytics and data visualization is a must. The Solution Architect is a key enabler for Neudesic’s account executives and Client Partners as you jointly pursue opportunities to bring Neudesic’s services to market. In this role, you will focus on leveraging your deep technical background in data management and visualization and your ability to build solutions that drive a predictive and prescriptive decision-making process. While your day- to-day activities are not exclusively writing code you must possess the ability to build the solutions you sell. You will leverage your practical experience in developing complex data solutions that map to business needs by leveraging a team of highly skilled technologists from around the world to ensure flawless service delivery. With your strong background in a diverse set of technologies you will assess new technologies applicability and validity in solving the real-world business problems of the present and the future. To be successful, you must exhibit strong leadership qualities necessary for building trust with clients and our technologists. You will partner with solution architects to drive client success by providing practical guidance based on your years of experience in data management and visualization solutions. You will partner with a diverse sales unit to professionally represent Neudesic experience and ability to drive business results. In addition, you will assist in creating sales assets that clearly communicate our value proposition to technical decision makers. Critical Success Factors for the Role: Deep technical understanding of all things data Ability to get hands on and not just talk and draw pictures Ability to proactively engage in complex sales pursuits with sales team members Ability to paint a technology vision and communicate its value to clients and Neudesic teammates A passion for technology and digital transformation An innovative mind that is creative and doesn’t follow cookie cutter ideas A disciplined approach to your work life and your craft The following technologies are important to us. Although we understand your level of experience may vary in certain areas, you will be expected to be advanced in several of these areas: Azure(SQL Database, DocumentDB, SQL Data Warehouse, Table Storage, Redis Cache, Database Migration Wizard, HDInsight, Data Factory, Stream Analytics, Data Lake Analytics, Data Lake Store, Machine Learning, Search, Data Catalog, Cognitive Services), visualization(PowerBI, PowerPivot, QLik, Tableau), AWS(RDS, DynamoDB, ElastiCache, Redshift, Data Pipeline, Server Migration, DMS, Lex, Polly, Rekognition, Machine Learning), Hadoop, SQL 2016 More about our Predictive Enterprise Service Line The digital business uses data as a competitive differentiator. The explosion of big data, machine learning and cloud computing power creates an opportunity to make a quantum leap forward in business understanding and customer engagement. The availability of massive amounts of information, massive computing power and advancements in artificial intelligence allow the digital business to more accurately predict, plan for and capture opportunity unlike ever before. The predictive enterprise service line the evolution from using data strictly as a reporting mechanism of what’s happened to leveraging the latest in advanced analytics to predict and prescribe future business action. Our services include: Data Management Solutions: We build architectures, policies, practices and procedures that manage the full data lifecycle of an enterprise. We bring internal and exogenous datasets together to formulate new perspectives and drive to data-thinking. Self-Service Data Solutions: We create classic self-service and modern data-blending solutions that enable end-users to enrich pre-authored analytic reports by blending them with additional data sources. Real-Time Analytic Solutions: We build real-time analytics solutions on data-in-motion that eliminate the dependency on stale and static data sets resulting in the ability to immediately query and analyze diverse data sets. Machine Learning Solutions: We build machine-learning solutions that support the most complex decision support systems If you are passionate about business and technology and have the chops to make a difference, we’d love to hear from you. Bachelor’s or Masters Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or equivalent work experience. MBA preferred. 10+ years of overall experience, to include a minimum of 5 years of enterprise, full-life cycle development in the professional IT/Software Development services industry. Neudesic is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.