Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Recruiting is a core strategic driver of Facebook’s success. We are looking for a Talent Intelligence Analyst to help redefine the way we recruit as we move into the next evolution of Facebook. The Talent Intelligence Analyst will be responsible for leveraging global talent market and industry research, providing impactful talent and market insights, and helping execute the search strategies for a variety of leadership roles and talent initiatives. RESPONSIBILITIES Be expert on business, product and industry research to enable data-driven talent strategies and recommendations that influence recruiting strategy and make real impact. Drive competitive intelligence research and analysis for a range of industries. Crack tough business problems and present insights in a compelling way that influences action. Capture and maintain accurate market, client and candidate information on our knowledge management systems so as to both facilitate the search process and our overarching Market Intelligence initiatives. Understand, identify and execute a variety of Facebook Global Recruiting projects. Become a contributing member of the Global Recruiting team that effectively embodies and promotes the culture and values of Facebook, and lead the team to do the same. Our core values consist of the following: Be Bold, Move Fast, Focus on Impact, Be Open and Transparent, and Build Social Value. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 3+ years’ experience in research or analysis consulting, executive search or corporate development environment. Demonstrated knowledge of recruiting research methods (tools, frameworks, etc.). Interpersonal and communication experience. Experience using talent market insights and data to influence decisions across functions. Demonstrated track record of building working relationships with team, leaders and cross-functional partners. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Project/program management experience.