Plan, design, enforce, and audit security policies and procedures which safeguard the integrity of and access to Penn Dental Medicine systems. Implement security improvement projects; maintain knowledge of changing information security threats and technologies; provide recommendations for adaptation of new technologies, procedures, or policies; investigate security incidents; perform computer forensics studies and maintain incident tracking records. Prepare status reports on security matters; develop security risk analyses; keep PDM IT management informed of risks and critical issues that might affect Penn Dental Medicine security objectives. Manage and analyze monitoring data on a day-to-day basis for various security related events and activities via a number of information security systems and tools. Detect any unauthorized attempts to access the system. Collaborate with cross-functional departments to remediate security risks. Administration of security toolsets; handle vulnerability scans; assist in working with external security vendors and team in defining the scope of internal and external vulnerability scans and penetration tests. Performs periodic reviews of firewall rules; conducts comprehensive risk assessments of various security controls. Detect any unauthorized attempts to access the system. Create specific protocols that audit file changes such as updates, deletion, additions and moving. Penetration testing and monitoring of current technology assets. Prevent intrusions using current security hardware and software. Proactively assess potential items of risk and opportunities of vulnerability in the School’s network. Monitors and provides consultation on projects in a manner that promotes information security best practices and ensures compliance to all information security policies and procedures; performs regular information security assessments. Assists in the evaluation of hardware and software products to ensure compliance to information security policies can be adhered to. Develops and maintains all information security documents and implement recommended solution. Trains all employees on processes related to the information security program. Identify security breaches and take action to stop and prevent them. Conducts routine information security risk assessments; identifies and tracks risk mitigation plans through completion. Interview employees to assess current security procedures and identify gaps that require remediation and/or mitigation. Provides first level security incident response for incidents reported by monitoring systems; coordinates with all Information Systems departments and teams to gather all data and resolve issues or develop an action plan. Perform root cause analysis. Performs other job-related responsibilities as requested. Perform internal information security assessment work, including leading or conducting information technology audit projects to ensure operating security controls and or procedures are in accordance with established policies and standards. Assists with the creation and maintenance of information security policies, guideline and procedures. Monitors and reports on a wide range of information security related events and activities to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of assets and property. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or other related field and 1 year to 2 years of experience of IT security work or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Technical expertise in the development and implementation of new security tools. A solid understanding of TCP/IP, computer forensics and investigative methodology. Demonstrated verbal and written communication, interpersonal skills and the ability to deal confidentially with people within the organization. Must be able to work independently and as part of a team and effectively collaborate with others. Experience with cloud security, virtualization security and/or web application security preferred. Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) or similar certification in information security preferred. Cybersecurity background including education and/or certification preferred. Affirmative Action Statement Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.