About CompuNet is a leading consulting and professional services company based in the Northwest. Our customers range in size from Fortune 100 companies to small shops with a dozen employees. We are committed to providing each client with our unique brand of engineering-led services (as opposed to the sales and commission led services many competitors in this space offer). Founded in 1998 on the unique 'by engineers, for engineers' principal, we deliver the best solutions for business and technical problems that optimize each customer's unique requirements across security, collaboration, datacenter, and many other spaces. The focus for this position is on cloud- based and hybrid solutions in: Software-Defined Infrastructure, DevOps practices, Advanced Automation/Autonomics, Machine Learning, Cloud Adoption and Automation, and more. Description In this role, you will provide customers with high-level assessments and guidance, strategic detailed plans, and technical implementations of demos, POCs, and solutions. You should be comfortable not only meeting with C-level decision-makers in large companies and discussing business problems, drivers, and best practices, but also translating those into technical projects and implementing the resulting solutions on-site with "hands on keyboard" (and the customer potentially present in a learning/teaching capacity). Because of the broad range of technologies and capabilities that may be involved, you should be also able to recognize when to delegate to in-house specialists in specific areas and trusted partners. Our primary goal is to deliver solutions that optimize a customer's requirements and build ongoing and lasting relationships with our clients. The ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously and willingness to continuously learn existing and emerging technologies is also key. Job Responsibilities Take direction and mentorship from CompuNet lead solutions architect Engage with customer resources to define the details of and implement solutions Assist in the design, architecture, and implementation of public and hybrid cloud solutions for our customers and their business and technical needs Build cloud templates, software architectures, configuration management systems, and other deliverables within customer environments Troubleshoot technical issues and drive escalations with multiple involved providers via their support channels, while keeping customer updated at all times