DESCRIPTION THIS POSITION IS OPEN UNTIL FILLED - APPLY IMMEDIATELY THE FIRST SCREENING OF APPLICATIONS WILL OCCUR ON JULY 25, 2018 Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) Finance Authority for Nonprofit Corporations (FAN) has provided conduit financing to various public and private organizations since 1978. Under the supervision of the Treasury Manager, the Analyst will assist in administering the multi-billion dollar conduit financing debt portfolio and overseeing the issuance of new conduit financings. The portfolio consists of municipal tax-exempt and taxable bonds and private placement loans for non-profit corporations. ABAG is seeking a Portfolio Administrator/Analyst to administer the full scope of the portfolio. This person is responsible for compliance, finance and accounting and will assist in new debt financing and refunding. Responsibilities include develop and implement processes and procedures, monitor regulatory compliance, develop financial reports, assist in monthly revenue billings and collections, and other record-keeping functions. This person will direct and monitor work from consultants, and will work with trustees and attorneys. The individual will coordinate all management board meetings, write memos and prepare meeting packets. This position also represents the Treasury Department at all board meetings related to the portfolio. The Administrator/Analyst will also provide back-up support to the banking and investment desks; assist in preparing journal entries, bank reconciliations and year-end close and financial audit; interact with auditors and prepare financial statement disclosure schedules. This person is expected to possess strong analytical, research and organizational skills, exercise sound judgment, accuracy and attention to detail, be proactive and take initiative. SKILLS AND ABILITIES The individual in this position will have: Strong financial and analytical background with demonstrated ability to i) drill into data to identify root causes, ii) turn data into actionable information, and iii) communicate results effectively to various levels of management Superior organization, research, and time management skills Ability to coordinate and work on numerous projects simultaneously with minimal supervision and keep track of ever changing schedules and deadlines Advanced Microsoft Excel skills Financial modeling skills preferred Knowledge of / experience with GAAP accounting and GAAS auditing MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS An appropriate combination of education and experience that has provided the required knowledge, skills and abilities is qualifying. A typical way of obtaining the required qualifications is: Education : Completion of a bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university, in an appropriate discipline, such as finance, economics or a related field. _(Applicants with a degree issued from an institution outside the United States must have their transcripts evaluated by an academic accrediting service and provide proof of equivalency along with the application.)_ Experience : Minimum three years of professional recent verifiable experience in finance or treasury. Investment and swap administration experience a plus. Preference will be given to those applicants with five or more years of professional experience. License/Certificate : Possession of a valid California Class C driver's license and a safe driving record, or the ability to provide alternate transportation which is approved by the appointing authority. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Under the direction of the Treasury Manager and working in a team environment, the specific assignments and responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Administer the day-to-day operations of the debt portfolio database and bond documents Oversee the issuance of all new conduit financing Develop processes and procedures Responsible for bond compliance; prepare various regulatory compliance reports; work with consultants, trustees, attorneys and auditors Review and interpret bond documents Prepare and deliver presentations and reports to management; attend board meetings Prepare monthly billings and monitor collections Assist in cash and treasury activities; perform financial analysis; reconcile transactions and verify statements Calculate interest and fee payments; calculate debt service payments Perform month-end and year-end accounting entries and reconciliations; prepare financial statement schedules related to treasury; work with auditors Monitor related contracts and budgets. All employees at MTC are classified as Disaster Service Workers.