SimpleLegal is known for outstanding customer support and implementations. We are second to none in our space. Our Enterprise SaaS products enable companies to manage all their Legal operations, such as outside counsel projects, budgets, billing and much more. We are looking for an Application Integration Engineer to join our team. The right person in this role will be passionate about understanding customers’ business operations and providing technical solutions to their needs. As an Application Integration Engineer, you will work closely with the Implementation Managers and Customer IT teams to understand detailed requirements, and you will own your code from design, implementation, and test automation to delivering high quality solutions to our customers. You will be a key member of the Implementation Team with the opportunity and responsibility to design and develop solutions to best integrate SimpleLegal applications. Will relocate candidates from anywhere in the continental U.S. DUTIES: Work with SimpleLegal’s implementation, Customer IT, Legal and Finance teams to plan, implement, and test integrations between SimpleLegal and our customer’s applications (e.g. ERP / Finance solution, IP management solution) Manage product development pipeline, resource planning/allocation and execution to meet customer expectations Provide estimates and the time frame required to successfully implement systems integrations Create tools and programs to have repeated use across customers for improving and scaling integration and data migrations Review statistics, validate or challenge existing processes and identify areas for improvement Provide technical guidance and support to the customer success and support teams Bridge the communication of business requirements among various teams in SimpleLegal REQUIREMENTS: 2+ years of professional experience as an Python Developer or Application Integration Engineer Experience with SQL and ORM (SQLAlchemy or Django ORM) Experience with ETL, SFTP/SSH, Unix/Linux, as well as Git or other version control systems Knowledge of software engineering best practices and development life cycles, including coding standards, code reviews, source control, build processes, testing, and operations Comfortable working in a fast paced, highly collaborative, dynamic start-up work environment Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Customer-centric and service minded BONUS (Desired but not Required): Web frameworks (e.g. Django), experience developing SaaS apps, Pandas, Heroku OUR TECHNOLOGY STACK: Our apps are built primarily using Django/Python + Postgres on Heroku. Our users typically interact with SimpleLegal directly through the UI but we do have an API for integrations with other legal-tech and fin-tech applications. The front-end is primarily Bootstrap with JavaScript + jQuery. ABOUT SimpleLegal: We’re here to build a world-class product that our customers love, that has the best support of any software product they use, in an environment that celebrates company and personal success. We believe that opportunity exists in the legal industry to build that company. We believe that we can build the next great enterprise platform faster and better than anyone else. SimpleLegal is an enterprise SaaS startup run by second-time founders located in Mountain View, CA. We are the software platform for in-house legal operations. Sales has Salesforce. Marketing has HubSpot. Legal has SimpleLegal. We offer competitive compensation and benefits and a fun working environment. Dental, medical, catered lunches, game nights to get to know your coworkers, and more.