Department Data Analyst - Radiation Oncology Kronos Job Number: 340680 Category: Professional & Executive Location: 5323 Harry Hines Blvd, Dallas, TX Department: 239209 - Rdtn Onclgy Kronos Full/Part Time/PRN: Day Job Regular/Temporary: Regular Schedule: Full-time Security This position is security-sensitive and subject to Texas Education Code 51.215, which authorizes UT Southwestern to obtain criminal history record information Salary Salary Negotiable Experience and Education Bachelor's degree in Science, Information Management, Healthcare Information, Statistics, Business or closely related field and three (3) years data management/analyst work in a clinical or healthcare related field. Familiarity with scientific terms (in biology, biochemistry, chemistry, etc.) preferred. Job Duties Abstracts data, reconciles data inconsistencies and performs analysis. Interprets numerical data and relates to Manager. Creates data reports from existing databases based on needs analysis leadership and/or clinicians/researchers. Shares vital information with department management team for dissemination across all division. Prepares and submits documents to federal agencies, state agencies, private research funding agencies and other organizations as required by law and contractual vehicle. Monitors existing compliance documents with the terms of contractual vehicle with the university. Monitors data gained from department information services and creates useful downloads for distribution among division directors. Designs and creates merges data files and/or warehouse data sets; determines best methods for efficient capture and merging of information from various data resources and access to tools to generate reports. Facilitates efficient distribution of information gleaned from departmental billing downloads. Partners with senior leadership and/or clinicians/researchers to design and perform complex analyses and report creation, including identifying and interpreting of trends, patterns of variations and implications for improvement initiatives. Focus on patient satisfaction outcomes and scores as noted in quarterly department data downloads. May provide education/training to team members on generation and/or interpretation of data, statistical analysis and application to decision making to improve organization efficiency and outcomes. Provides essential and informative feedback to department manager/director as to how well their area functions within parameters measured. Develops and maintains protocol for maintain department wide volunteer faculty credentialing. Designs and creates tools to capture data, run/build reports and conducts analysis for purpose of measuring productivity and identifying trends/patterns that represent opportunities to improve and increase operational efficiency. Partners with senior leadership for review and data interpretation and then participate in plan development and implementation. Other Duties: Performs other duties as assigned. Engage in framework usage and best practices Use common web stacks (apache, nginx, etc.) Work with relational database systems (MySQL, MSSQL, etc.) and NoSQL databases. Develop code and technical designs for existing and new products, with a strong focus on quality, performance and maintainability. Work in a microservice-oriented suite of applications written mostly in PHP. Use tools including git, virtual hosts, machines and environments to deploy to dynamic, scalable environments. Collaborate with designers and product stakeholders to deliver technical solutions to complex problems. Participate in code reviews, both of your code and of others. Demonstrate an interest in working with new technologies Demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills UTSouthwestern Medical Center is committed to an educational and working environment that provides equal opportunity to all members of the University community. In accordance with federal and state law, the University prohibits unlawful discrimination, including harassment, on the basis of: race; color; religion; national origin; sex; including sexual harassment; age; disability; genetic information; citizenship status; and protected veteran status. In addition, it is UTSouthwestern policy to prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression.