Job Description Global Employee Onboarding at Visa: Every new employee at Visa should feel welcome and productive as soon as they start their first day at our company. The Global Employee Onboarding team at Visa is responsible for creating a world class experience for each and every new employee globally as they begin their career at Visa. Responsibilities: The Senior Project Manager will be the key lead responsible for the delivery of projects that support the build out of Visa’s global new employee onboarding program. These projects will be largely technical in nature, focused on improving internal processes and enhancing the actual new hire experience during a new employee’s onboarding period. The Senior Project Manager will be responsible for: Defining business requirements for each project, ensuring teams stay focused on the new employee experience, managing cross-functional teams to meet delivery deadlines, owning business decisions that shape the overall new employee onboarding experience. It is critical that the Senior Project Manager be passionate about our people at Visa. The ideal candidate will also have a strong ability to understand technical concepts, while also being able to incorporate an unwavering commitment to our employees around the world. The Senior Project Manager will be an integral part of the team responsible for building the global new employee onboarding program at Visa. Qualifications 8+ years of experience as an Analyst, Project Manager or Program Manager (or combination thereof) Experience managing technical projects Experience with employee onboarding a plus Experience with data and analytics a plus Experience in a client facing role strongly preferred Ability to develop business cases based off of data Strong leadership qualities and organizational skills as well as the ability to adapt quickly to changing priorities, assignments, and roles Strong knowledge of project management methodologies; working knowledge of agile frameworks a plus PMP certification a plus Excellent verbal, written, and presentation skills A demonstrated ability to effectively document and communicate technical and business issues and solutions to all management levels Ability to work with minimal guidance Ability to thoroughly understand complex business and technical issues and influence decision making at all levels of the organization without formal reporting structure authority Additional Information Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.