Responsibilities JOB DUTIES: Summary: This position builds and develops research systems and technical tools and provides data management leadership to support the customer and project staff in implementing all aspects of psychometric services for assigned educational assessment projects. Specific Job Duties: Lead psychometric system development activities related to developing assigned educational assessment projects, for example forensic analysis systems, automated scoring, building data products and item analysis. Collaborate with the assigned Project Manager to determine the design, analysis and evaluation of the systems, processes, and services required to meet or exceed contract requirements; for example, test calibration, test equating, item analysis, and dimensionality and reliability analysis. Provide technical support to clients and internal staff. Write proposal sections related to research systems for psychometric activities. Assist in setting and achieving departmental goals. Collaborate with test development in ensuring the quality, coverage and validity of all assessment instruments, and compliance with accepted standards established in the fields of testing and educational measurement. Initiate additional research studies to strengthen assigned assessment projects. Write technical reports. Participate and contribute to the design of internal research and test development processes/systems as well as with department's business strategic plan. Some travel required to client locations. Qualifications REQUIREMENTS: Degree:PHD. in Educational Psychology, Psychology, Educational Measurement, Statistics, or related field Experience: Three (3) years of experience working in educational and large- scale assessment industry. One (1) year of experience in project management and supervisory role within large-scale assessment programs (may be gained concurrently). Proficiency in the following: Excellent understanding in forensic analysis of high stakes student assessments. Data analysis and visualization of large datasets. Good understanding of testing methodologies. Proven ability to work in Linux and Windows based operating systems. Statistical analysis software, such as R, SPSS. Programming languages in Python, Java and VBA. Experience with psychometric analysis software, e.g. WINSTEPS, Parscale. Microsoft Office suite. Excellent written and oral communication skills including proposal writing and costing. Ability to work effectively as part of a team. Strong project planning and organizational skills. HOW TO APPLY: Apply online at http://www.datarecognitioncorp.com/Pages/job- opportunities.aspx Data Recognition is an Equal Opportunity/AA Company M/F/D/V