Data Base Administrator IV Brief Job Description: Designs, analyzes, configures, implements, administers, and modifies databases for the agency. Develops and maintains complex models and logical database designs. Provides expertise in and participates in the development and implementation of database architectures to meet application performance and security requirements. Develops goals and objectives for the use and improvement of efficient and cost-effective database systems. Essential Job Functions: List in order of importance the essential job functions. Following each EJF, indicate in parentheses ( ) the percentages of time spent. Percentages should be in increments of 5% and not exceed 100%. Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned. 1. Codes database descriptions and specifies identifiers of database to database management system or directs others in coding database descriptions. Calculates optimum values for database parameters, such as amount of computer memory to be used by database, following manuals and using calculator. Specifies user access level for each segment of one or more data items, such as insert, replace, retrieve, or delete data. Specifies which users can access data bases and what data can be accessed by user. Tests and corrects errors, and refines changes to database.(25%) 2. Partners with development teams to design data management and governance protocols, manage the information lifecycle, and design infrastructure and data integration controls. - Get the table design from the development teams and create tables, indexes and other database related objects for the development teams - Responsible for the development and test databases - Suggest new approaches, tools and features - Removing tables which are no longer needed - Clearing space for new objects in the database - Compiling procedures, packages, triggers - Suggesting on database optimizer usage - Generating explain plans and helping re-writing the sqls for better performance - Rebuilding tables with large deletes in regular basis - Reorganizing tables for better performance - Database Data and Program Object: Analysis, Creation and Change Management - Data Modeling - Coordinates and/or conducts the design, analysis, and maintenance of database structures - Establishes and implements necessary database security standards and controls. - Performs and reviews logical and physical data modeling, designs relational database models, and creates physical data models from logical data models - Interface with Programmers, assist in response code issues by providing technical solutions in accordance with technical design - The information lifecycle maintenance from Development to Test to User Acceptance to Production cycle for various implementations of applications, processes and procedures (20%) 3. Develops policies and procedures to guide in the use and acquisition of database software and resources. Develops and prepares database documentation, procedures and definitions for data dictionaries. - Install and maintain Oracle OEM for performance and maintenance of databases - Work with Customers to Measure and Manage Service Levels - Ensure Effective Flow of Communication Between the DBA Team, Customers, and Management - Produce documentation on procedures, issue resolutions, & technical documentation - Data dictionary management for physical storage structures and logical storage structures, database instance, memory architecture, application architecture - Data Concurrency and Consistency (20%) 4. Identifies and resolves all issues related to database systems to ensure that systems are online and without service interruption. Builds and manages the database disaster recovery and backup plan. Establishes and implements database security controls and user access levels. (15%) 5. Evaluates and recommends database software packages for potential acquisitions. Plans, coordinates, and supports the installation of database software and migrations to new data management system software levels. Verifies and tests the migrations to ensure data reliability and functionality. - Evaluates, installs, and maintains database software. - Coordinates with business, internal staff, and management regarding any plans to install or upgrade database software. - Developments and tests database software installations, and or upgrade processes. - Ensures that new software meets business requirements.(10%) 6. Develops new and enhances existing standards, processes and procedures, and guidelines for database environments using industry experiences, best practices research, and business needs of the program. Analyzes and reports the performance of database operations against the key database performance metrics. (5%) 7. Other duties as assigned. (Note: For HHSC positions this includes but is not limited to actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency’s obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternate shift pattern assignment and/or location.) (5%) Total Time Spent: 100% Knowledge Skills Abilities: Knowledge of the principles, practices, and techniques of computer databases, programming, and systems design; of computer operations, systems, and procedures; of project control and cost estimating techniques; of computer database application systems; of computer programming languages; of data processing flowcharting techniques; of database structures and theories; of current database technologies; and of data analysis and evaluation techniques. Strong logical and analytical thinker Able to communicate technical information effectively, both orally and in writing to establish and maintain effective working relationships with customers, coworkers and vendors Skill in complex problem solving and critical thinking, and in the use of a computer and applicable software. Attention to detail Able to find root causes of problems and quickly determines efficient solutions Can anticipate risks and mitigate in the moment Comfortable under high-stress and exhibits poise and focus Strong verbal and written communication skills Proficient with relational databases (e.g. Oracle, SQL Server, MS Access) In-depth knowledge of SQL Ability to coordinate the development and dissemination of technical content for a variety of users Ability to identify and define user task needs, to process information logically, to conduct short-range and long-range project planning studies, and to assign work to others. Ability to analyze systems and procedures and to explain abstract concepts in concrete terms Registration or Licensure Requirements: Certification in Oracle preferred but not required Initial Selection Criteria: Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in computer science, management Information Systems or a related field is generally preferred. May substitute direct work experience on a year- for-year basis. Minimum of 6 years’ experience as a DBA. Additional Information: Requisition 387959 MOS Code: Note: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include, but not limited to: 25B, IT, 275, 0651, 3D0X2. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.