Your Opportunity: Blue Prism is looking for an experienced webmaster to join our growing marketing team. In this role, you will be responsible for managing the launch of our new company website project while maintaining the existing website. We are expanding the marketing team to keep up with a hyper growth business. And we are growing globally – so we need someone with global site management experience. Our Ideal Candidate: 5+ years of website management experience Passion for Performance – in both website performance metrics and demand generation metrics Take our customers on easy to follow journeys to give them the best information for their buying stage Hands-on experience with Google Analytics, Google Webmaster Tools, Google Tag Manager, MOZ Experience implementing and optimizing SEO Ability to collaborate with marketing operations on technical integrations with CRM, Marketing Automation tools Experience managing multiple language, global websites. Relaunch and grow our website from 2 to 8 languages in the first year by establishing strong process around site updates and translations Strong project management experience to lead our responsive website redesign efforts with the support of a design agency Ability to work with UX/UI internal team Experienced CMS manager who can manage a distributed content management environment where users own sections of content Knowledgeable around various website data security requirements and solutions Knowledgeable on web hosting services Experience with JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, PHP and/or responsive development a plus Knowledgeable on RESTful API, JSON, XML, AngularJS, HTML5 a plus Experience with browser compatibility testing tools a plus Ability to work collaboratively with small, fast moving team Your Responsibilities: The exciting opportunity to launch our new website You own the website – continuously make it better. Tune performance metrics. Refine customer journeys. Run AB Tests. Improve load times. Demand better content Data driven systems thinker dedicated to providing high-quality services, committed to continuous improvement using data, willing and able to change processes, open to suggestions and experimentation, and efficient and effective work processes Enable distributed content management by defining and managing processes and update cycles. Provide analytical thought leadership to drive frictionless throughput from sessions to leads to opportunities Develop and implement test plans to improve marketing campaign performances Create, analyze and translate KPIs to showcase website performance and make suggestions for enhancements moving forward Establish translation services process to keep all language sites aligned and in sync Actively support and enforce Blue Prism’s data processes and security standards Please Note – No Relocation Offered for this role Blue Prism Software is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived race, creed, color, religion, alienage or national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, disability or handicap, sex, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, arrest record or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.