The Museum of Fine Arts, Boston has established a new leadership team position for Learning and Community Engagement which encompasses the Museum’s community, educational, programming, engagement and volunteer functions. As we chart a course for museums in the 21st Century, we seek an inspiring colleague who will be active in helping us to address the imperatives and opportunities at this moment, and within our communities. With a belief that working with others and sharing our platform will lead us to new knowledge and new alliances, the Chief will draw on a celebrated record in previous positions, to inspire and position the Museum as a true cultural leader of learning and engagement in our city. To realize this, the Chief will show a commitment to integrating culture, learning, creativity and civic engagement within all that we do at the Museum. In doing so, she/he will help to create an organization that leads in celebrating art and artists, recognition by our community and visitors of the necessity of art and our museum in their lives, and positive change in how we learn from each other. Our colleague will have a track record of strategic thinking and program implementation which centers on innovative learning engagement with audiences and evident belief in truly reciprocal relationships with our visitors, partners, and community. A big thinker, this leader will also be someone who thrives on getting structures right, and knowing how to put a team together. That team will be dynamic and forward looking, leading change within the Museum and advocating for opportunities to integrate the diverse voices of our communities that we may better understand the issues of our times always through the lens of art. Ideal Candidate Profile: Reporting to the Director, the Chief will embrace and champion the Museum’s core value, namely that the experience of our visitor is paramount to our mission, strategies and achievements. The Chair will be a clear voice and active colleague within a strong Leadership Team. She/he will galvanize and inspire departmental staff around engaging programs that deeply connect across departments within the MFA and throughout the community, enhance relations with existing partners and donors, and develop new ones, all while fostering a culture of inclusion for staff, volunteers and our visitors. This will be achieved by both a spirit and methodology that is open, reciprocal, curious, and suggests a lifetime process of productively engaging with others. In personal belief, expression of values, and expertise, this leader will articulate: Skills, Experience and Qualities: An evident understanding and passion for the museum sector with a personal and professional commitment linking the Museum to our city and artistic community. An active belief in collaboration with others, as learning opportunities, team building processes and advocacy for new audiences. Deep and evident commitment to the learning and educational sector. A belief that through the lens of art and artists we can embrace the diversity of our communities inclusively. A culture of accountability for achieving stated objectives (and experience in doing so) within the framework of the MFA’s strategic plan. A commitment to making excellent and timely decisions, clearly as one who thrives on moving plans and objectives forward. Ability to manage, mentor and retain talent through commitment to training and professional development of staff. A commitment to supporting and contributing to the success of an institution’s business and financial imperatives. Personal Qualities and Attributes: Intellectual rigor Inspirational, passionate, curious Generosity of spirit, a team player Superior judgment, tact and diplomacy We have retained Sally Sterling Executive Search to handle this search. Please send your credentials directly to: MFABoston@SallySterlingExecutiveSearch.com. The MFA is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to building a culturally diverse staff and strongly encourages applications from diverse candidates.