Description At Pearson, we’re committed to a world that’s always learning and to our talented team who makes it all possible. From bringing lectures vividly to life to turning textbooks into laptop lessons, we are always re-examining the way people learn best, whether it’s one child in our own backyard or an education community across the globe. We are bold thinkers and standout innovators who motivate each other to explore new frontiers in an environment that supports and inspires us to always be better. By pushing the boundaries of technology — and each other to surpass these boundaries — we create seeds of learning that become the catalyst for the world’s innovations, personal and global, large and small. As a Learning Tool Strategist, you’ll join the larger Pearson Courseware team. You will play a critical role in championing the vision for new tools and enhancements to existing tools, which you will then collaborate to bring to life across global education. To be successful, you’ll need to build deep relationships and work across the fast-paced world of Pearson and education technology. Responsibilities: \+ Works closely with Portfolio management, Marketing, and other teams to conduct discipline-specific market research to gather customer & learner needs, inform & propose new product features and content, and determine demand for current and future learning tools, products, & product models. \+ Engages directly with customers & customer-facing teams to understand customer use cases and workflows and anticipate learning tool consumption across product lifecycle & product models. Builds strong relationships with Pearson experts, customers, & thought leaders to inform, validate, and refine new learning tools, content, and associated products. \+ Collaborates with cross-functional teams (UX, Learning Design, and others) to develop product-appropriate design & content strategies while applying customer-informed curriculum and pedagogy perspectives. Translates & facilitates between authors, product teams, and vendors to ensure that content is effectively authored to meet product specs and objectives. \+ Conducts preliminary assessment of cost and technology feasibility & business opportunity for implementing new product features and content. Informs business cases for product feature & content requirements to evaluate against defined product models & business priorities. \+ Manages vendor & technology partner relationships to ensure requirements, capabilities & standards, planned development, and timelines meet product goals and market expectations. \+ Provides ready input, support, and guidance to sales, marketing, implementation, and support teams for current and forthcoming digital products and learning tools for both Pearson Higher Ed and likely competitors. \+ Supports continuous content improvement capability based on customer feedback, usage patterns and other data to improve learner experience. Qualifications BA or BS required. Relevant graduate-level work is a plus.1 yr of customer- facing or sales experience, especially presenting/facilitating complex ideas or new technology. Experience in education or corporate learning industries a plus.1 yrs of product management or new product development experience.Must be willing to work with remote teams and travel at least once a quarter.Strong interpersonal skills with a focus on teamwork and the ability to foster/maintain relationships internally and externally.Great written and oral communication skills, as well as presentation skills.Excellent project management skills, including ability to effectively manage a high volume of simultaneous projects. Proven track record in developing project plans for complex digital projects and delivering the required technology/software/digital content on schedule. Exceptional attention to detail and ability to balance short-term and long-term deadlines.Solid grounding in web and mobile software technologies with proven ability to work closely with vendors and development teams.Familiarity with and understanding of the most current digital and mobile technologies.The ideal candidate will have a passion for innovative technology and improving education. LI-2KM Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Primary Location: US-MA-Boston Other Locations US-CA-San Francisco, US-NJ-Hoboken, US-OH-Columbus Work Locations: US-MA-Boston-501 Boylston 501 Boylston St Boston 02116 Job: Technology Organization: Global Product Employee Status: Regular Employee Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job Job Posting: Aug 9, 2018 Job Unposting: Ongoing Schedule: Full-time Regular Req ID: 1811167 Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled