With independence and using professional judgment, acts as database administrator for department and serves as a resource for information management needs of department. Provides database maintenance, QA and QC functions, reports, data imports, and other duties as needed. Creates new databases as required, participates in University initiatives and recommendation groups for IT-related issues. Provides data support for faculty, fellow, and resident research projects. Conducts detailed analyses of defined program specifications, develops new programs or modifies existing programs allowing for changes in systems or configurations. Responsibilities: Under general direction and with latitude for independent judgment and initiative: Database application design/support Uses MS Access to design data-entry forms, reports, queries for end-user desktop-database access for databases such as SpermDonor, Andrology, Birthlog, Mortality Uses REDCap to design data-entry forms, reports, queries for end-user Web database access Supports Resident Research through the creation of REDCap databases and by providing statistical analysis and exports into stats-ready format Designs and verifies program logic by preparing test data and trial runs. Codes program instructions and revises and/or refines programs. Documents procedures used. Database maintenance Maintains integrity and independently performs periodic housekeeping (e.g., make backups, compact databases, check for anomalies) for Birth Certificate, eRecord deliveries, Birthlog, SpermDonor, Andrology, Mortality, Flowcast, as well as other databases for entire Ob/Gyn department. Provides reports, data sets (QA and research) Regularly scheduled reports, as well as one-time reports for faculty Uses professional judgment to create reports, and to build data sets to meet diverse needs Provides consultation support on installed system support and related programs; periodically instructs large user groups on such systems. Imports Imports data from hospital systems into departmental databases on a regular basis and as needed by faculty researchers for their projects Makes use of eRecord, Flowcast, Birthlog (SMH QS), Birth Certificate as well as other data sources as needed to complete import requirements General administrative Maintains documentation for procedures and projects; meetings; email correspondence Performs other related duties, including presentation of seminars, courses, and instruction on computer services as required. Miscellaneous study support Created bar code labels for study samples which must be carefully tracked and recorded to ensure data integrity (e.g., TIDES, Cornell PCOS, EQUATE, SPARED) Skills enhancement Stays current in fields of database management, overall IT trends Uses skills to determine the best course of action to complete requested tasks and to provide suggestions and feedback for department in data management needs Keeps abreast of trends as they relate to the computer field by self-study, attending job related seminars, courses or conferences which enhance personal development and strengthen the user service function. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in related discipline such as Computer Science, Business, Mathematics, Statistics, Science or Engineering, and 2-3 years of related experience; or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Competencies Fundamentals of database design Structured Query Language (SQL) (used in MS Access and MS SQL Server) SQL Server Microsoft Access Database design Forms and reports design Visual Basic for Applications REDCap database application design Ability to work independently Ability to prioritize multiple simultaneous requests from faculty How To Apply All applicants must apply online. _EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled_