Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA The Google Cloud team helps companies, schools, and government seamlessly make the switch to Google products and supports them along the way. You swiftly problem-solve technical issues for customers to show how our products can make businesses more productive, collaborative, and innovative. You work closely with a cross-functional team of web developers and systems administrators, not to mention a variety of both regional and international customers. Your relationships with customers are crucial in helping Google grow its Google Cloud business and in bringing our product portfolio into companies around the world. The Google Cloud Healthcare and Life Sciences Platform team helps healthcare and life sciences customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of research, clinical, pharmaceutical and other healthcare and life sciences related businesses and research organizations and help them scale their data and processes. As a Solutions Architect, you will use your expertise and leadership skills around cloud computing as well as domain knowledge to design scalable customer solutions on Google Cloud and take them to market. You will advocate for our platform by presenting these solutions at industry conferences and Google events. Your enthusiasm, technical and business depth, combined with healthcare and/or life sciences experience and excellent speaking skills will help decision makers understand and choose the benefits of Google Cloud for their business to help drive growth and success. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Help compile customer requirements as well as survey existing customer IT landscape to enable integrations from PoC stage to a full deployment of products managing healthcare and/or life sciences data in Google Cloud. Define the business case for solutions, design solutions to help prototype and develop the customer’s new environment, and guide solutions through launch to market. Create training materials, guides, demonstrations and white papers and help scale solutions delivery. Engage standards communities to drive the development of standards that meet platform and customer needs, and ensure that standards implementers know what the Google Cloud Healthcare platform can do for them. Demonstrate thought leadership in cloud computing across multiple channels and become a trusted advisor to decision makers. Provide customer and market feedback to the Product and Engineering teams and help shape product direction. Travel as required in-region for meetings, technical reviews and onsite delivery activities. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science, related Software Engineering field or equivalent practical experience. Experience working in a cloud computing environment (infrastructure, storage, platforms and/or data). Experience working in a healthcare and/or life science domain, including deploying solutions in healthcare and/or life sciences related IT infrastructure. Experience in writing software in one or more languages such as Java, Python, Go, JavaScript, C++, or similar. Preferred qualifications: Master's degree in Computer Science, related Engineering field, or equivalent work experience. 5 years of experience working with a variety of technology systems, designing solutions or developing applications in healthcare and/or life science environments. Experience working closely with Sales and Marketing teams in cloud computing or related technical fields. Understanding of current trends of healthcare and/or life sciences infrastructure, (including databases, enterprise integration buses, protocols, APIs and formats), security, networking and cloud-based delivery models. Ability to communicate complex technical concepts in an approachable way for broad audiences, empowering them with memorable and useful information. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.