Middleware Specialist-180019562 At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. U.S. Bank is seeking a Middleware Specialist with process improvement and implementation experience to contribute toward the success of our technology initiatives. Supports installation, configuration, capacity planning, problem resolution, and debugging of all environments pertaining to middleware products. Provides software design and development on frameworks and other middleware related projects. Oversees middleware implementation projects. Works with internal middleware teams to test, implement, integrate, and administer middleware. Provides management with reports concerning middleware utilization, capacity, availability, and support. Coordinates and implements middleware releases with release management and IT teams. Owns and maintains operational and administration manuals. Provides troubleshooting for processes and procedures. Documents all existing and new middleware platforms and infrastructure with respect to functionality, maintenance, and administration. Designs, codes, tests, debugs, documents, maintains, and modifies computer programs of high complexity, significance, and risk. Assists with application system problem resolution by working with application developers, vendors, and internal infrastructure team members to troubleshoot. Specific Middleware skills required for Linux Administration for setup and support of both on premise and cloud hosted API solutions utilizing the Google/Apigee Edge product and developer portals. Provides 24x7 oncall support as part of a team. Qualifications Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience At least 1 year experience with utilizing, configuring, and installing software for connecting distributed software and services across heterogeneous platforms. At least 2 years experience within a total information technology (IT) environment. Preferred Skills/Experience Working experience in: Capacity planning and management Web trends and directions IT environment Technical troubleshooting Performance measures and tuning Contingency and disaster recovery Extensive experience in: Middleware IT architecture IT standards, procedures, policy System and technical integration Linux system knowledge REST and SOAP Services APIs Google/Apigee Edge or similar product OAUTH and SSL protocols CMS Portal site administration Developer Portals CI/CD Cloud and container based architecture Mid-range infrastructure IT environment Server software Performance measures and tuning Job Information Technology Primary Location Minnesota-MN-Richfield Other Locations Colorado-CO-Denver Shift 1st - Daytime Average Hours Per Week 40