Job Summary and Mission This position contributes to Starbucks success by building data services for analytic solutions. You will build data pipelines that are scalable, repeatable, secure and adhere to data quality standards.; provide end-to-end infrastructure design for our cloud tech and work collaboratively with IT, data science and the business to build batch/real-time data solutions. With a bias for action, you will leverage Agile to both fail fast and deploy MVP fast. You are primarily a data engineer but are passionate about developing engineering solutions to deploy data science algorithms that enhance customer experience and drive revenue for the business. Models and acts in accordance with Starbucks guiding principles. Summary of Key Responsibilities Responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following: Translate business requirements into technical requirements to ensure solutions meet business needs. Assist in the definition of solution architecture that ensures solutions are built within consistent framework. Demonstrate deep knowledge and skills to be an individual contributor and lead others in the data engineering team to build and support batch, real time big data pipeline and technology capabilities on Microsoft Azure. Support Data science/ Analytical workloads in data preparation, feature extraction by reshaping, wrangling and blending enterprise data sets and Adhoc data sets into data assets that support exploratory data science. Validate data sets Perform the required data validation Operationalize Machine Learning models in Batch and Real Time Data Pipelines to create scalable analytical applications. Lead the resolution activities for complex data issues. Develop and maintain documentation relating to all assigned systems and projects Develop Infrastructure as code and CI CD pipelines that is consistent with the frameworks. Lead by example by demonstrating the Starbucks mission and values. Work in an agile environment. Develop and drive multiple cross-departmental projects. Establish effective working relationships across disparate departments to deliver business results