Duties and Responsibilities Prepare documentation prior to flight arrival, review, organize, make copies and distribute accordingly. Coordinate check-in with warehouse personnel. Travel to Airport Operational Area (AOA) to meet flight upon arrival and retrieve documents. Notify Broker or Freight Forwarder on the Master Airway Bill (MAWB) of shipment’s arrival at warehouse facility. Provide assistance to customers arriving to retrieve their documents and freight. Collect and secure the appropriate charges and document method of payment. Process “Customs Out” (proof of delivery) for every transaction before the customer’s departure. Assist in completion of MAWBS for over-the-counter shipments. Confirm all bookings are accepted Confirm TSA mandatory screening. Confirm Dangerous Goods have been checked within aircraft limits. Data capture AWB information into airline system(s). Manifest flight based on information received from the warehouse. Print cargo pallet message, deadload and NOTOC and deliver to the aircraft. File maintenance of all pertinent documents and records. Prepare various reports (Irregularity Report, Weekly Import Statistics) Follow specific procedure for Dangerous Goods shipments when received, including procedure when Dangerous Goods are abandoned by consignee. Answer telephone and respond to incoming calls. Demonstrate diligence required to maintain security under the Airport Police, Transportation Security Administration (TSA) and United States Customs/Border Protection (USCBP) Regulations. You will challenge any and all persons not displaying an airport I.D. badge within a Mercury warehouse or any Airport Operational Area. (AOA). Maintain records and appointments necessary for employment on the airport such as: airport badge appointments, USCBP interviews or other government required meetings. Qualifications Minimum Requirements: Must be at least 18 years of age Must possess clean driving record and valid driver’s license (10-year DMV print-out required) Must provide 10 years background employment/education information Must provide proof of the legal right to work in the United States such as: passport, birth certificate or work permit/visa. Physical Demands/Working Environment: Must be able to lift up to 50 lbs. Tolerate moderate to loud levels of noise within the work environment Stand and remain standing for periods up to 3 hours without sitting Demonstrate daily a fitness for obligation without impairment due to illegal drugs, sleep deprivation, medication, or alcohol May be required to work all of the following: irregular hours and/or shifts, including split-shifts; holidays and weekends; overtime; and extended hours. Knowledge, Skills & Abilities (Desired): Typing skills with ability to type a minimum of 35 wpm. English proficiency (e.g., reading, writing, speaking, listening) Mental abilities (e.g., visual observation and identification, mental rotation) Interpersonal skills (e.g., customer service, dependability) Work values (e.g., responsibility, honesty, integrity) Knowledge of basic arithmetic and mathematics Comprehension of airway bill import procedures and government regulations Attention to detail and organization skills Ability to follow instructions from supervisor or lead agent Ability to work as an effective team member Ability to obtain U.S. Customs seal and license to drive on Airport Operational Area (AOA). Office skills including file maintenance, basic computer knowledge, answering telephone quickly and ability to multi-task. This job description is a summary of duties for which you as an employee are expected to perform in your assignment. It is by no means an all-inclusive list, rather a broad guide to expected duties. As an employee you must understand that a job description is neither complete nor permanent and may be modified at any time. At the request of management, any employee may be asked to perform additional duties, responsibilities, or projects without notice.