About the role As the SW AI Offering Lead, you will work with Regional and Global leadership, as well as with Microsoft and Accenture, to design, develop and sell Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning solutions for our clients. You will identify the business value needed by our clients, and will lead the AI business within the Region. You will be the expert in advising our leadership and our clients on the various practical options for machine learning and AI solutions. As an experienced leader with a proactive and participative style, you will be expected to provide hands-on leadership in all aspects of achieving the growth of the AI business and the team. Day to day, you will: Drive opportunities, undertake exploratory meetings with client and partners…helping to drive solutions Consult clients through requirement gathering and collaboratively defining a solution Own and manage relationships with Avanade’s key AI partners Assist the broader sales and delivery organization in the rotation to AI Travel as needed. Qualifications About you You have demonstrated expertise with machine learning, artificial intelligence, stream data processing and IoT, and have the business acumen to grow a business. You have a proven track record of experience working with clients on innovative solutions. You are passionate about teaching and mentoring others on modern and effective machine learning and AI techniques. You possess the ability to develop strong working relationships, particularly at the senior management level, and the ability to motivate a globally dispersed team. You excel at communication and enjoy working in a problem- solving environment. Your skillset and experience most likely includes: BS (preferably, MS or PhD) in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics, Data Engineering, or relevant college degree Experience with Microsoft SQL Server Data Science or Analytics (machine learning, analytical models, MAHOUT, etc.) Professional work experience in Cognitive Enterprise – Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Natural Language processing, Predictive Algorithm Development, Unique Identity Biometrics, Identity Management, Digital Signal Processing, Narrative Science, Video Analytics, Human Machine Interaction Proficiency of analysis tool such as R, Matlab, Stata, or SAS Fluency with at least one programming language such as Python, Java or PHP, and large-scale data processing tools such as Hadoop, Hortonworks, Cloudera, or Spark Experience with knowledge discovery and data mining, unstructured data analyses (text, video, audio, voice, images), behavioral algorithms to create AI manifestations such as personal assistants and bots, recommenders, behavioral controllers, or narrative interactions Expertise in bringing standalone or embedded AI experience into production at scale – human-human, human-machine and/or machine-machine interfaces You have around ten years or more of hands-on technical experience estimating and conceptualizing large scale data solutions and in building and implementing an architecture roadmap for next generation enterprise data and analytics solutions. Strong academic credentials with publications in journals and conferences a plus. About Avanade Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud services, business solutions and design-led experiences delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Our professionals bring bold, fresh thinking combined with technology, business and industry expertise to help fuel transformation and growth for our clients and their customers. Avanade has 30,000 digitally connected people across 24 countries, bringing clients the best thinking through a collaborative culture that honors diversity and reflects the communities in which we operate. At Avanade, we are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace where our people can be the best at what they do. We are proud be among leading organizations who are taking a stand for gender equity, both in and outside the workplace. This includes teaming with like-minded partners who are as passionate as we are about strengthening the role of women in the workplace, including Women in Technology International, Anita Borg Institute and Catalyst. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation. Learn more at www.avanade.com Requisition ID - 54803 Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.com.