Forward is redesigning the way we deliver healthcare, using all the technologies healthcare has historically neglected. As an early member of our engineering team, you’ll have a key role in rebuilding our country’s most important and most broken industry from first principles. We were founded in January 2016 by former executives and engineering leaders from Google and Uber. We are funded by some of the world's best investors and entrepreneurs including Founder's Fund, Khosla Ventures, First Round Capital, Eric Schmidt (Google/Alphabet Chairman), Marc Benioff (Salesforce Founder), Joe Lonsdale (Palantir Founder), Joshua Kushner (Oscar co-Founder) and Garrett Camp (Uber co-Founder). You can read our story here and some recent press: New Yorker, TIME, USA Today, Forbes & TechCrunch. WHAT YOU'LL DO: Tackle problems on the boundary of software, hardware, and the real world. Work with top-flight software, mechanical, and electrical engineering talent from places like Google, Palantir, and NASA JPL. Own entire projects while working alongside cross-functional teams of physicians, designers, and operators. Lay the foundational groundwork for our engineering systems and practices. Collaborate with deep domain experts in fields like AI and NLP. Our engineers made major contributions to projects such as TensorFlow at Google. Your work will directly contribute to saving and improving people’s lives. For real. :) WHAT YOU'RE GOOD AT: Impact \- You’re deeply mission-driven and you think there’s more to life than software that enables puppy ears to be superimposed on photos. Although we concede those are cute. Entrepreneurship \- You’re a self-starter who loves to own things end-to-end. You don’t ask for permission - you’re too busy making things happen. Full stack \- You’ve done front-end, back-end, and every kind of end. Curiosity \- You like to mess around with computer vision, hardware hacking, or bioinformatics in your free time? You made your own smart mirror? Boy have we got some fun things for you… Product passion \- You care about the bits you ship ending up in users’ hands. You don’t really need a product manager because you’re basically one yourself. Building good teams \- Not managing them, building them. You know how to make those around you better and feed off their energy. You take care of your teammates. WHY JOIN FORWARD? We don’t want to just move dollars around the healthcare industry - we want to rebuild it and fix it. All of it. You’d be a major part of the story behind one of the most ambitious startup attempts of the past decade and you’d work with a team of people who want to use their talents for good.