Senior Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst provides expert analytical services in support of clinical, health plan and support operations, strategies and initiatives. Responsible for navigating the wealth of data and turning it into actionable and insightful information for our business partners to deliver affordable, highly valued patient care and services. Senior BI Analyst will work directly with business leaders providing consultation and support in the development, analysis, interpretation and management of a variety of complex internal and external data sources. Draws on expertise in data analysis, health care processes and statistics, prepares dashboards and reports, applies appropriate statistical tests, provides analytical commentary and educates analytical concepts in an understandable and actionable manner. Essential Responsibilities: Operationalize business intelligence solutions and conduct advanced, timely and relevant analytics in support of business partners/leaders to identify opportunities, highlight strengths and opportunities to meet business strategies, objectives and goals. Demonstrates excellent presentation and communication skills to share findings in an understandable and actionable manner tailored to audience and customer's needs. Establishes strong, supportive, effective and value added relationships with assigned business partners. Communicates work plans, progress, findings and interpretations effectively with a continual focus on educating and developing analytic capability of business customers and the organization overall. Creates and maintain data visualizations that educate, inform and engage business partners on key metrics and performance measures. This includes establishing best practices with operations and the enterprise data warehouse teams for the creation of dynamic, scalable and effective dashboards using Business Objects or similar BI tools. Collaborates with enterprise data warehouse, data governance, clinical informatics and business teams on any issues relating to data quality, architecture or structure of data repositories impacting analytics. Develops and maintains appropriate, current status and documentation on projects and work products.