Aspect employs a team of passionate individuals who are changing the face of customer engagement. Over our 40-year history we have empowered employees by creating an inspired community that values customer obsession, unlocked communications and relentless innovation. Our ability to think big has enabled us to continually evolve and lead the market, and to stay on the forefront with exciting technologies including cloud, mobile and artificial intelligence. Job Description GENERAL SCOPE & SUMMARY Our AE’s are insightful and digitally savvy advocates of the new customer engagement imperatives that represent both threats and opportunities to our customers. At Aspect, we build solutions for customers that they use to win in the ever more demanding world of increasing expectations in consumer engagement. Relentless relationship developers, our AE’s are the stars with our organization that are advocates for our customer experience and success. This is a pure hunter role focused on developing new business opportunities and requires a sales professional who is accustomed to high volume activity to achieve desired results. This position will cover the TOLA territory and can be based in either Houston, Austin or San Antonio, TX. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Engages with prospects proactively with a strategic “consultative” and “trusted advisor” approach that results in addressing a customer’s business needs with solutions that transform their business and drives positive outcomes Develop and present compelling value propositions Builds strong key stakeholder relationships within the customer broadly and deeply, especially at the business levels Unlock and understand each of the key stakeholders personal and business motivations Understand customer’s budgetary and funding process, procurement process, decision making process, approval process, including the key players and the timing, and keep knowledge current Demonstrates keen understanding of customer’s strategies and business issues, its vertical industry, its competitive environment, forces for/against customer, economic and financial drivers, and challenges Challenges the customer to think differently about their business Complies fully with sales policies, processes and procedures on a timely basis to achieve consistency, predictability and accuracy Forecast accuracy SFDC accuracy Pipeline build activities Qualifications SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS Accustomed to delivering results and has a track record of achieving and exceeding quota and MBO's Maintains an executive presence with appropriate presentation and communication skills Understands that collaboration leads to better, faster results Collaborates with others to ensure the customer has appropriate resources and support Collaborates with the customer providing solution based proposals in order to drive the partnership and future growth opportunities Shares best practices with the team, and coaches and mentors other team members Intense drive, go getter, fire in the belly attitude Intelligent, learning agile, trustworthy, ethical and empathetic JOB REQUIREMENTS 5+ years of experience selling complex and very technical software solutions with seven figure commitments to larger enterprise and Fortune 500 accounts. Successful background as a hunter working with longer sales cycles and engaging the line of business in the sales processes. Must have a consistent record of quota achievement over $1mil and recognition as top performer. Must have experience in a team sales environment, excel at team building and have a proven track record of team leadership. Demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills. A technical background and aptitude is important. Comfortable in a technical conversation as well as addressing the business users. Strong time management, organization, and decision making skills are critical. Experience using a CRM and accurately forecasting. Bachelor's degree in relevant field. Ability to pass a background check required. Ability to travel to customer sites, channel partners, internal meetings and/or events (national level). Aspect is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer with a strong commitment to diversity. In that spirit, we are particularly interested in receiving applications from a broad spectrum of people, including women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, veterans or any other legally protected group. LI-AB3