Our mission at Karat Karat has re-engineered technical hiring to ensure that great talent gets noticed by great companies. We augment engineering organizations by conducting the first-rounds of technical interviews on their behalf, and we use our data analytics platform to make hiring decisions more intelligent and predictive. Our service saves material engineering time and drives a highly responsive and consistent experience for candidates. Karat continuously invests in cutting edge interview methodologies with an aim of reducing bias and letting candidates demonstrate their true ability. We operate as strategic partners for engineering leaders at the world's leading technology companies including Jet, MuleSoft, Pinterest, Indeed, Roblox, Intuit, Ten-X, Minted and many more. As the gold standard of technical interviewing, our well-funded company is scaling quickly to meet our growing list of client's needs. Come join us! What you'll work on: Clean and manipulate large volumes of data for modeling and analysis for internal and external stakeholders Create, support and maintain data models, reports and dashboards and find creative solutions for our growing data requirements Become the focal point for all data matters in the organization for ongoing projects and daily ad-hoc requests Contextualize insights from analysis to drive actionable recommendations for clients and internal operations Help develop playbooks and processes that the team will use to scale You are: Inspired by our mission at Karat. Have a minimum of 2 years of experience in an Analyst role, working with large data sets and/or complex Excel models. Ready to approach every problem as an entrepreneur with grit, creativity and persistence. Analytically minded with a problem-solving aptitude. Detail-oriented. Proactive and comfortable taking initiative; self-starter. Comfortable working in a fast-paced environment. Proficient in MS Excel and/or R or Python. We appreciate your interest in the role, and we look forward to learning more about your background! Statement of Non-Discrimination: At Karat, we believe that building an inclusive culture is a key driver of our success. In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, marital/domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on “protected categories,” we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (e.g.,, stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at Karat. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. _With thanks to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non- discrimination_