ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND DUTIES Participates as the lead Networking subject matter expert in the development of solutions in support of new business and application expansion. Research, analyze, trade-off, conduct proof-of-concept and recommend critical networking solutions to assure scalability, extensibility, robustness and security. Keep current on emerging/new technologies through educational opportunities, research, professional affiliations and personal networking. Build relationships with external experts in the field Perform network troubleshooting to isolate and diagnose complex network problems in a large-scale environment Keep senior technical management informed by preparing reports on system performance and problems. Provide overall direction for Windows and Cisco system performance and enhancements Provide technical expertise in analyzing, diagnosing and resolving problems in support of Cisco router/switches, Wireless, Multicast routing, MPLS and VoIP Capacity planning of the network by monitoring and analyzing network, performance and availability. Proactively research and evaluate tools and technologies as appropriate to the network environment while developing solution to increase better performance and lower the total cost of ownership. Oversee, develop and maintain documentation for the implementation and support procedures of existing systems and new technologies in the network. Responsible for emergency off hours network support as needed including on-call duties. Maintain network uptime and reliability to the satisfaction of the Sinai Health System with the goal of maintaining network services at a 99% reliability standard. Diagnose network problems and outages using network sniffer, netflow statistics, system logs, and other current trouble shooting and data collectors. Assists in the planning and design of IP voice network and PBX systems. Approves and modifies network design and architecture to ensure regulatory compliance. May take on role of Project Leader for special enterprise-wide assignments. May coach and mentor more junior technical staff. MINIMUM EDUCATION: Bachelor's in computer engineering/computer science or related field preferred. MINIMUM WORK EXPERIENCE: 10+ years of experience in configuration of high end Cisco networking equipment, ASA Firewalls, Cisco Nexus routing and switching platforms. KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS: CCIE written or equivalent experience (CCNP or CCDP required) Thorough knowledge of IP Communications, Virtualization and Data Center Industry Solutions Strong knowledge of Client/Server Architectures, High Availability and 3-Tier Systems Ability to juggle multiple projects and tasks at the same time Demonstrated leadership role with network infrastructure Large-scale network design skills In-depth knowledge of Cisco VoIP and Video technologies Expert with the following technologies: Routing Protocols- OSPF, BGP, EIGRP WAN technologies- MPLS, DSL, DS3 Security Appliances- ASA firewalls, Juniper firewall, Ironport, VPNs Switching & Routing – Nexus 7k/5k/2k, ASR routers Network and Compute Virtualization technologies- VRF, VDC, VMWare Other – HSRP, Spanning Tree, QoS, DNS, DHCP, Cisco Prime, Fiber zoning, TACACS+ & AAA, Cisco WLCs, NetScaler load-balancing REQUIRED LICENSES, CERTIFICATES, REGISTRATIONS: CCIE written or equivalent experience (CCNP or CCDP required) EMC, VMWare, Citrix, Or Microsoft Certifications a plus. LI-JM1