Nokia is a global leader in the technologies that connect people and things. With state-of-the-art software, hardware and services for any type of network, Nokia is uniquely positioned to help communication service providers, governments, and large enterprises deliver on the promise of 5G, the Cloud and the Internet of Things. Serving customers in over 100 countries, our research scientists and engineers continue to invent and accelerate new technologies that will increasingly transform the way people and things communicate and connect. Join the team that's transforming the way the world communicates. Nokia is a global leader in the technologies that connect people and things. With state-of-the-art software, hardware and services for any type of network, Nokia is uniquely positioned to help communication service providers, governments, and large enterprises deliver on the promise of 5G, the Cloud and the Internet of Things. Serving customers in over 100 countries, our research scientists and engineers continue to invent and accelerate new technologies that will increasingly transform the way people and things communicate and connect. The Nokia IP And Optical Network group currently has an opportunity for a Senior Network Architect to join our team. As part of the Design team there will be no formal company-wide review of grades, since in most cases there has been limited or no change to positions. Legacy grade structures will continue to exist for some time until future harmonization on the existing Nokia grade structure. The job grade shown is indicative, and may be subject to change such that the final grade may be higher or lower than shown in this requisition. Job Position Summary Description: The Senior Network Architect is a highly skilled internetworking professional with comprehensive IP knowledge who performs end-to-end services for clients using a consultative approach. This professional architects, designs, integrations, tests, troubleshoots IP networks to successfully deliver IP networks to our clients. The architect typically leads teams of designers, integrators, and test engineers in the delivery of the most complex customer projects. The architect finds innovative solutions to the most challenging customer requirements and problems. The architect is current with IP protocols and standards and how to apply them in a wide variety of customer environments. Key Responsibilities / Functions: The IP Network Architect works in a consultative manner with the customer to gather appropriate information to create an IP architecture and detailed design. The architect is the trusted advisor with the customer, advising the customer to make architectural, technical and business decisions that meet the customer's business objectives. In addition, the architect needs to maintain deep hands-on technical expertise to assist technical teams in resolving issues in lab and production environments in high pressure situations. This includes all aspects of implementation including configuration, integration, testing, and troubleshooting. All candidates must be willing to travel between 20-40% of the time. Required Qualifications: Undergraduate degree in CS or Engineering, CCNP or NRS-2 certification or equivalent experience. 3 - 5 years of experience with designing, integrating and troubleshooting IP networks. Knowledge of IP addressing, subnetting, routing protocols (i.e. OSPF, BGP, EIGRP, etc.), MPLS, QoS, Multicast, VLAN, VPLS and VPRN. Desired Qualifications: Masters degree in CS or Engineering, CCIE (R&S; or SP) or SRA certification or equivalent experience. 8 or more years of experience with designing, integrating and troubleshooting IP networks. In depth knowledge of IP addressing, subnetting, routing protocols (i.e. OSPF, BGP, EIGRP, etc.), MPLS, QoS, Multicast, VLAN, VPLS and VPRN. Experience in wireless transportation such as Microwave and LTE technologies, in-depth TDM knowledge including designing TDM networks over MPLS and strong communication skills would be a definite asset. Qualifications Undergraduate degree in CS or Engineering, CCNP or NRS-2 certification or equivalent experience. 3 - 5 years of experience with designing, integrating and troubleshooting IP networks. Knowledge of IP addressing, subnetting, routing protocols (i.e. OSPF, BGP, EIGRP, etc.), MPLS, QoS, Multicast, VPLS and VPRN. Desired Qualifications: Masters degree in CS or Engineering, CCIE (R&S; or SP) or SRA certification or equivalent experience. 8 or more years of experience with designing, integrating and troubleshooting IP networks. In depth knowledge of IP addressing, subnetting, routing protocols (i.e. OSPF, BGP, EIGRP, etc.), MPLS, QoS, Multicast, VPLS and VPRN. Experience in wireless transportation such as Microwave and LTE technologies, in-depth TDM knowledge including designing TDM networks over MPLS and strong communication skills would be a definite asset. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.