We're different and we like it that way. If you're a Business Analyst, and you're looking for something different, Digineer has 3 questions for you... 1\. Do I belong here? Everyone wants to work for that ONE great company! That ONE company that values employees not only as professionals, but as people. The ONE that has been recognized for innovative management practices and whose people have prospered and achieved tremendous financial success year after year. The ONE that creates growth opportunities for its employees and invests in their success. The ONE that celebrates as hard as it works…MEET DIGINEER. 2\. Do I want to grow? If you don’t grow, we don’t grow. It’s a requirement. We invest two weeks every year in your growth and development. Plus, every month we have training on topics as diverse as Consulting 101, our consulting overview, to technical deep-dives on Microsoft® products, to learning how to leverage your personal strengths for success. You will have the resources you need to reach your full potential. 3\. Do I want to get as much as I give? Digineer consultants give a lot to our clients. We make sure they get even more in return. We offer full-time salaried positions. We offer medical, dental, 401K, life and disability insurance PLUS a generous vacation policy and technology reimbursement. What do you say... ready for a change? See below to apply. REQUIRED SKILLS: Must currently live in Twin Cities and be able to commute anywhere in the Twin Cities. 3 plus years’ experience in small to mid-level projects Experience on one or more enterprise projects Requirements Elicitation skills using various techniques Meeting facilitation skills Requirements documentation and management skills Familiarity with the BABOK Knowledge areas Negotiation, communication, analytical, problem solving, decision making, and leadership skills Must have healthcare and/or prior consulting experience. DESIRED BUT NOT REQUIRED SKILLS: CBAP certified Training and testing skills Has played the lead role in a project Willingness to travel to Rochester IMPORTANT NOTICE: Candidate must currently live in the Twin Cities and able to commute anywhere in the Twin Cities. Unfortunately, we do not sponsor H1B visas at this time.