Announcement Number: 18-27 Court: United Sates District Court Southern District of New York City, State: New York, NY, NY Court Website: http://nysd.uscourts.gov/hr-announces.php Permanent Position: Permanent Job Grade: Up to CL29 Minimum Salary: $56,063 Maximum Salary: $129,942 Closing Date: 09/12/2018 Link to Original Job Post: http://nysd.uscourts.gov/hr-announces.php Position Description DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: The Technology and Procurement Specialist is located in the District Executive’s Office and reports to the Deputy District Executive. The incumbent has two primary responsibilities – (1) managing the Court’s courtroom technology infrastructure and (2) overseeing all courtroom- technology procurement for the Court. COURTROOM TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT This is a hands-on managerial and technical support position involving the full range of the Court’s audio-visual capabilities, in four separate buildings, serving almost 100 courtrooms and conference rooms. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: trial support, digital and analog courtroom recording and transcription services, closed-circuit and satellite television feeds, audio and video teleconferencing, media archival, PC integration, the design, specification and implementation of A/V equipment for newly renovated courtrooms and conference rooms, and the supervision and training of various full-time and part-time staff. Develops and implements short-range and long-range A/V improvement plans for the Court, ensuring that changes can be implemented with minimal disruption to operations. Delivers and sets up portable equipment in courtrooms and conference rooms as needed. Creates operating procedures and conducts training on system use and capabilities as required by court staff, counsel, private contractors and others. Coordinates warranty work, maintenance agreements and timely repair of equipment for all vendor contracts covering A/V equipment. Performs both on-site and remote diagnosis and troubleshooting of technical problems as needed. Maintains and develops related software and documentation. Maintains an up-to-date inventory of all A/V equipment for audit purposes. Supervises, trains, conducts performance appraisals and establishes work schedules for A/V staff. COURTROOM TECHNOLOGY PROCUREMENT The procurement component of this position consists of the acquisition of courtroom technology for three courthouses located throughout the district. In addition to an expert understanding of courtroom technology systems, the incumbent should have a good understanding and/or the ability to learn the Judiciary Procurement Procedures and Federal Appropriations Law. Research, analyze, and evaluate suppliers based on price, quality, selection, service, support, availability, reliability, production, and distribution capabilities, as well as their reputation and history. Research products, equipment and specifications identified by a requestor. Conduct meetings and/or correspond with the requestor to ensure there is a full understanding of the needed items. Receive, review and analyze competitive bids, quotes, and proposals from vendors and contractors and discuss evaluations and review with requestors and subject matter experts, as applicable. Negotiate with vendors the best price for contracted services and purchases. Make awards and prepare purchase orders for approved requisitions. Plan and coordinate time and delivery of purchases. Evaluate and monitor contract performance to ensure compliance with contracted obligations; assist with clarifying contract requirements and resolving any conflicts. Experience in using accounting systems such as the Judiciary Integrated Financial Management System (JIFMS) or similar systems such as Momentum / SAP. Reconcile problems, issues or delays in the procurement of equipment and services. Assist in writing and/or revising operating procedures for procurement management. Ensure procurement purchasing records are complete and accurate, and comply with policies and procedures. Qualification REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: The ability to accommodate a flexible work schedule is required, as an increasing amount of court activities that involve supported equipment occur during evenings and weekends. The ability to operate and troubleshoot IP and ISDN audio- and video-conferencing equipment, multichannel digital and analog sound recording equipment, infrared/FM sound systems, and to layout and repair related cabling and terminations. Excellent written and oral and customer service skills are required. High school graduation, or equivalent, is required. To be considered for this position at the CL-27 level, two years of specialized experience, including one year equivalent to work at the CL 25 level, is required. To be considered for this position at the CL-28 level, two years of specialized experience, including one year equivalent to work at the CL 27 level, is required. To be considered for this position at the CL-29 level, two years of specialized experience, including one year equivalent to work at the CL 28, is required. Specialized Experience SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: Progressively responsible administrative, technical, professional, supervisory or managerial experience that provided an opportunity to gain (a) skill in dealing with others in person-to-person work relationships, (b) the ability to exercise mature judgment, a knowledge of basic concepts, principles, and theories of management and the ability to understand the managerial policies applicable to the judicial unit involved. Miscellaneous PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Familiarity with the current offerings of A/V, computer and courtroom equipment vendors including but not limited to: Crestron, Extron, SennHeiser, Polycom, Tandberg, Sony, HP and others. The ability to install, configure and troubleshoot personal computer hardware and software. The ability to instruct non-technical personnel in the use of A/V equipment. Thorough familiarity with the principles of audio, video and lighting design. Basic familiarity with courtroom procedure. Bachelor’s Degree in a related field and prior supervisory experience, including the evaluation of employee job performance is strongly preferred. How To Apply APPLICATION PROCEDURE: To be considered for this position, please submit a resume detailing your education and work experience, along with a cover letter. The cover letter must indicate the position for which you are applying, and identify how your education and/or experience relate to the duties and responsibilities of the position. Resumes without the cover letter addressing the qualifications will not be considered. Only applications submitted via email will be accepted. Any other means of submission will not be accepted. Candidates must also include the vacancy number and position title in the subject field when submitting via email. Only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted. Please submit your resume and cover letter to: dejobs@nysd.uscourts.gov Applicants must be U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents seeking U.S. citizenship. Employees of the United States District Court are not included in the government’s Civil Service classification and are at-will employees. All employees are required to adhere to the Code of Conduct for judicial employees. The successful candidate for this position is subject to a background check. This position is subject to mandatory electronic funds transfer for payment of net salary. EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER