As an experienced Software Engineer, your mission is to help lead our team of innovators and technologists toward creating next-level solutions that improve the way our business is run. Your deep knowledge of design, analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming will help your team raise their game, meeting your standards, as well as satisfying both business and functional requirements. Your expertise in various technology domains will be counted on to set strategic direction and solve complex and mission critical problems, internally and externally. Your quest to embracing leading- edge technologies and methodologies inspires your team to follow suit. And best of all, you’ll be able to harness massive amounts of brainpower through our global network of technologists from around the world. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: BS/BA degree or equivalent experience Expertise in application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines Advanced knowledge of architecture, design and business processes Keen understanding of financial control and budget management Ability to work collaboratively in teams and develop meaningful relationships to achieve common goals Proficiency in one or more general purpose programming languages, JAVA, Python, and AWS Cloud experience Stacks - Tomcat, SpringBoot Messaging middleware - application interoperability - ActiveMQ, MQ Series, SQS Cyber security fundamentals and working knowledge. Testing - xUnit, FitNesse, Cucumber Our Corporate Technology team relies on smart, driven people like you to develop applications and provide tech support for all our corporate functions across our network. Your efforts will touch lives all over the financial spectrum and across all our divisions: Global Finance, Corporate Treasury, Risk Management, Human Resources, Compliance, Legal, and within the Corporate Administrative Office. You’ll be part of a team specifically built to meet and exceed our evolving technology needs, as well as our technology controls agenda. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you.