Symetra is a dynamic and growing financial services company with 60 years of experience and customers nationwide. In our daily work delivering retirement, employee benefits, and life insurance products, we're guided by the principles of VALUE, TRANSPARENCY AND SUSTAINABILITY. That means we provide products and services people need at a competitive price, we communicate clearly and honestly so people understand what they're getting, and we build products that stand the test of time. We work hard and do what's right for our customers, communities and employees. Join our team and share in our success as we work toward becoming the next national player in our industry. Summary Performs the necessary leadership, facilitation, analysis and design tasks related to Application Architecture with the intent of becoming more of an Enterprise Architect. This role will be aligned to our Benefits Services Division supporting a wide variety of technology and vendors applications. The person will be interacting with business and IT to help refine and deliver business capabilities that align with our digital transformation strategy. A crucial part of our business is the maintenance of products managed through Policy Administration Systems and the supporting components like: Workflow, Commissions, Product development, Portals, Mobile Apps, etc. We need an experienced architect that can guide our future state application and integration architecture, including public cloud services, Service Orientated Architecture, API Management, and Micro Services. This individual, working independently, will be a key contributor in defining and designing future state technical strategy. Responsibilities Research, Patterns & Practices (15%): Creation of intellectual property that will be used to influence our business and technology capability roadmaps. Analyze enterprise business context (trends and business strategy) to derive technical architecture. Analyze technology industry and market trends to recognize the potential impact on the enterprise. Strategies, Standards & Governance (15%): Define the principles that guide technology decisions for the enterprise. Delivery of artifacts that will be used to drive understanding and direction of Enterprise (Standards, Guidelines, Code Samples). Understand, advocate and augment the principles of enterprise architecture (EA) strategies. Assist with governance activities that ensure Enterprise Technical Architecture compliance. Project Delivery (50%): This role is directly aligned to a specific business division at Symetra and is in support of their projects. A significant amount of the technical leadership will involve defining the solution/technical architecture (including Non-Functional Requirements) to meet the business need. Consultative leadership is needed with business leaders to convey implications of the technology choices that are made, and with development teams to design solutions in line with the technology strategy. This includes overseeing and facilitating the evaluation and selection of hardware and software technology, as well as the creation of standard configurations or templates. Expect to engage in consultation on infrastructure projects and their impact on applications; influencing changes to improve the operations environment; and identifying when adjustments are needed to accommodate technical requirements. Problem Resolution (20%): Leverage technology expertise to contribute to incident resolution. Identify themes and where problems affect multiple applications. Analyze the current technology environment to detect critical deficiencies and recommend solutions for improvement. Education Required: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or other related field. Equivalent work experience may be accepted. Minimum Years of Related Work Experience Required: Seven to 10 years of experience in developing solution with increasing levels of responsibility. Skills and Abilities Required: Expert with a variety of development languages and frameworks; .Net, C, Web Services, and API Management. API development and management experience will be highly valued along with understanding when a service bus or queue is preferred. Experience with a variety of software delivery models; waterfall, Agile, and SFAE, etc. A range of exposure is desired across technical architecture, network design, application development, service bus, servers and storage, database management, and breaking down monolith systems into SOA with multiple layers of services. Experience with migrating workloads to a public cloud will. Strong leadership skills combined with excellent analytical and technical skills. Demonstrated ability to understand the long-term ("big picture") and short-term perspectives of situations and solving problems by decomposing into manageable parts. Ability to apply multiple technical solutions to business problems. Ability to quickly comprehend the functions and capabilities of new technologies. Learn more at www.symetra.com/careers. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled