Quorum Review is hiring for a Business Process Analyst! The Business Process Analyst will play a key role in facilitating the development and implementation of significant process improvements across the organization. You will have the opportunity to utilize your expertise in performing structured and creative analysis of current business processes to identify opportunities to enhance their efficiency and effectiveness. Your keen attention to detail as well as proven analytical skills will be highly valued. The ability to effectively define problems, assemble and analyze data, establish facts, draw valid conclusions and make recommendations will be key. Key Responsibilities Perform structured and creative analysis of current business processes to identify opportunities to enhance their efficiency and effectiveness Responsible for assisting IT and the business in implementing strategic transformation initiatives as well as continuous improvement programs Provide subject matter expertise to Information Technology in support of business objectives and initiatives Identify metrics to measure the performance of a process and perform process forensics to identify the cause of the process failure Develop and execute “what-if” simulation models and produce results analysis for decision makers Understand and calculate the impact of projects and business processes on the organization Track and report project progress, successes and failures Ensure accurate content and timely development and updates to business process flows and documentation (including process narratives and standard operating procedures (SOPs) Actively participate with project teams to ensure proper control and process compliance Apply best and leading practices to core business processes Identify procedural deficiencies, recommend and implement solutions Evaluate the data collected through task analysis, business process, surveys and workshops Who You Are: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and related work experience (Business Administration, Computer Science, or any related field from an accredited institution.) Minimum 2+ years of experience driving and implementing business process improvement initiatives. Solid mathematical aptitude and effective project management skills Excellent technical writing skills and fine attention to details, to include composition, grammar, punctuation and spelling Successful execution of problem solving and thinking analytically with a focus on process improvement with a focus on process improvement Demonstrated proficiency in analyzing and documenting complex business processes Six Sigma Green Belt certification preferred Abilities Demonstrated proficiency in making effective decisions under pressure Demonstrated proficiency in gathering and interpreting relevant data and information Who We Are: Our workplace environment offers an informal office environment, open door policy, and strong mentorship from existing staff and management. Our office is in downtown Seattle with customers across North America. We offer competitive pay for this position along with an excellent benefits package. We have employer-paid medical, dental, vision coverage; and subsidized health insurance for families and domestic partners. We offer a competitive PTO plan, plus 8 paid and 4 floating holidays. Our retirement savings 401(k) plan is matching up to 4% and we provide commuter transit benefits with an Orca card or parking subsidy. Additional benefits include the Flexible Spending Account, Life Insurance, Short Term and Long Term Disability and an Employee Assistance Program. Quorum Review is one of the largest Independent Review Boards in the US. Our review ensures the safety and well-being of people participating in clinical trials. We are passionate about the services we provide and proud of the customer focus that has grown our business. We are a progressive and growing company in Seattle and have developed an excellent reputation for quality and service. As an industry leader, Quorum is preferred by research organizations for our friendly, prompt customer service, high standards, and quality documentation. To learn more about our company please visit: www.quorumreview.com. _Quorum Review is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. To request reasonable accommodation for the application process please contact Human Resources._