Job Responsibilities Manages onboarding of new and existing suppliers to meet WFM QA requirements. Compiles the findings and recommendations into formal reports, distributing them to Procurement, vendors, and other stakeholders as required. Provides training on WFM requirements and assessment protocols to third party consultants. Leads the efforts to support and monitor WFM’s Exclusive Brands, Global/Local/Regional WF branded, and Company-owned manufacturing and storage facilities to assess: Operational performance and quality, First production performance and quality, Vendor tiering, regulatory compliance, and conformance to WFM Expectations Visits, collects, and compiles data and information on the facility and/or first production performance along with adherence to regulatory requirements, quality standards and expectations. Reviews specifications during vendor visits and provides routine improvement feedback on product specifications, including testing parameters. Provides a written technical review and approves / disapproves new or existing facilities. Leads the technical review of the responses to the incident management program. Analyzes the data and information collected to determine incident probable and/or root cause (consumer complaints, product withdrawal or recall), as well as, contributing and casual factors. Ensures the vendors follow through with issue resolutions; handles complex vendor queries. May provide training, advice and guidance to the less experienced Team Members. Develops alternative solutions to reduce/mitigate identified risks if technical review of new supplier warrants and supplier is deemed necessary for Merchandising team business model. Ability to travel around 60% of the time. Professional Knowledge Strong understanding of the food-related QA theory, principles, practices, and techniques. Strong ability to interpret contract requirements, plans, and technical specifications, industry codes, and standards of practice. Strong knowledge of HACCP, FSMA, ISO, Quality Systems, Federal / State /Local and International food safety legislation. Advanced proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office applications (Outlook, Excel, Word). Interpersonal and Communication Skills Communicates structured information in a clear, concise, and organized fashion. Collaborates with others to achieve the objectives and ensure information flow. Effectively presents information and responds to questions in both one-on-one situations and group meetings. Teamwork and Collaboration Participates in and provides senior-level support to the team and cross- functional projects. Impacts the overall team effectiveness. May provide informal support to the less experienced Team Members. Builds and nurtures relationships with the senior-level stakeholders and managers. Project Management Advanced understanding of the standard project management methodologies and requirements. Advanced ability to plan, estimate, organize, and monitor projects. Oversees and advises on the project management issues and assists with overcoming the barriers. Keeps multiple projects on track financially, creatively, and in accordance with the stakeholder’s deadlines. Organization and Business Knowledge Understands the trends and emerging challenges facing the customer, market, and industry. Applies a business and project understanding to focus the project / team’s efforts. Demonstrates excellent knowledge of the WFM product mix, supply base, and retail operations. Education and Experience Bachelor’s degree (BS) from four year college or university and 10 to 15 years food safety and quality manufacturing experience with particular emphasis on food groups such as fresh prepared foods and bakery. Preferred experience in retail private label. Proven track record of successful food safety auditing. Experience with developing and training on QA policies and procedures At Whole Foods Market we provide a fair and equal employment opportunity for all team members and candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability. Whole Foods Market hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the position to be filled.