DEPARTMENT OF ECONOMIC SECURITY _Providing Opportunity, Assistance and Care for Arizonans in need!_ ARIZONA MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (AMS): All Arizona state employees operate within the Arizona Management System (AMS), an intentional, results-driven approach for doing the work of state government whereby every employee reflects on performance, reduces waste, and commits to continuous improvement with sustainable progress. Through AMS, every state employee seeks to understand customer needs, identify problems, improve processes, and measure results. State employees are highly engaged, collaborative and embrace a culture of public service. BUSINESS ANALYSIS MANAGER Division of Benefits and Medical Eligibility (DBME) 3443 N. Central Ave. Phoenix, AZ 85012 Opening: 1 www.azdes.gov JOB SUMMARY: The Division of Benefits and Medical Eligibility (DBME) is seeking an experienced and results driven individual to join our team as a Business Analyst. This position is responsible for developing and implementing project plans, operation procedures, automation strategies and testing methods, and plans for achieving business objectives. Through subordinate supervisors, this position plans, organizes, monitors, and directs the project activities for multiple units of business systems analysts and quality assurance testers. JOB DUTIES: Managing a unit of business systems analysts and a contracted team of software quality assurance testers; initiating and managing system projects for a variety of business functions including eligibility/case management, call center, electronic communications, and document management on a variety of platforms including mainframe, web, email, and phone solutions. Reviewing and approving project work plans, monitoring project communication, monitoring project status, providing technical assistance for project activities; identifying staffing and other project resource needs, developing on-boarding programs, and setting up procedures for project activities; coordinating with security teams regarding security profiles and access permissions; managing teams of business analysts in the analysis of business processes and information requirements, development of business and functional requirements, review and approval of design specifications. Developing and implementing software testing strategies, tools, and methods to ensure compliance with business and functional requirements; managing testing activities including functional, integration, and regression testing; developing acceptance criteria, developing quality measurements for monitoring vendor outcomes, resolving product issues, overseeing implementation, and observing initiation of the system to validate performance. \- Coordinating with internal and external stakeholders to implement system projects including division management, programming teams, software vendors, contractors, other technical support teams, policy and training, other agencies [ Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System (AHCCCS)], other divisions/administrations [Division of Child Support Services (DCSS); Division of Children Youth and Families (DCYF), Child Care Administration (CCA), JOBS, Financial Services Administration (FSA), etc.], other government agencies, and community partners. Preparing and conducting oral and written presentations for a wide variety of audiences on both technical and non-technical subjects; managing sensitive and complex personnel activities related to recruitment (hiring process), discipline, performance evaluation, training, and review of subordinate work products. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Knowledge of: agency’s mission, goals, policies, procedures, and business processes; considerable knowledge of the programs administered by the Family Assistance Administration (FAA), which includes Temporary Assistance for the Needy Families (TANF) Cash Assistance, Nutrition Assistance (SNAP/Food Stamps), and Medical Assistance; knowledge of DOA/DES personnel policies and procedures, federal law related to employees and safety and accessibility standards required in the office and other work environments; considerable knowledge of principles of management and supervision; knowledge of department/division budget and fiscal policies and procedures; knowledge of project management principles and practices sufficient to determine program direction, plan work and set goals, monitor and evaluate accomplishments; knowledge of mainframe and web application architectures; knowledge of computer hardware, software, network operating system and/or capabilities, limitations and variances sufficient to evaluate user needs, develop specific applications, and future trends and needs. Skills In: Oral and written communication; excellent interpersonal skills; high degree of skill in the conceptualization of design and modifications; skills in problem identification, analysis techniques and problem solving; skill in prioritizing and organizing system projects; excellent skill in managing and motivating staff. Ability to: provide management and direction to subordinate IT personnel in the operation of systems analysis and software quality assurance testing activities; resolve complex and critical problems and provide technical leadership; analyze business needs of the agency, coordinate feasibility reviews and impact analysis, coordinate the development of business and functional specifications, and approve appropriate automated solutions to meet business needs; interact both technically with staff and vendor representatives and functionally with users through verbal and written communications in a clear and well organized form; negotiate complex solutions to technical problems while ensuring the solutions meet the defined business needs in a cost-effective manner; interpret and explain federal and state rules, policies and procedures; review existing policies and make recommendations; assess operational needs, establish priorities, and analyze complex issues; promote team work in order to accomplish desired outcomes; mentor, counsel, guide and coach team members; make decisions and recommendations; represent and speak on behalf of the System Administrator and/or the department. NOTE: Travel is required, must possess a valid driver’s license and proof of insurance. This position directly maintains or has responsibilities to alter system functions and/or modify functions of computers and is subject to a background check clearance card investigation that meets DES requirements for a Level One card.. SELECTIVE PREFERENCE(S): Selective Preferences: Candidate will possess at least 2 years’ experience in the design, development and implementation of an IT system and managing systems staff; OR at least 2 years’ experience with FAA programs and systems. PRE-EMPLOYMENT REQUIREMENTS: Have a current, valid Arizona State issued driver’s license appropriate to the assignment. Employee is subject to driver’s license record checks and must maintain an acceptable driving record, valid motor vehicle insurance and registration, and must complete any required training (see Arizona Administrative Code R2-10-207.12). Successfully complete the Electronic Employment Eligibility Verification Program (E-Verify), applicable to all newly hired State employees Be subject to a search of Child Protective Services Central Registry Physical Successfully pass background and reference checks. Employment is contingent upon completion of the above-mentioned process and the agency’s ability to reasonably accommodate any restrictions. Travel is required for training and meetings, which may require an overnight stay. BENEFITS: The Department of Economic Security offers a comprehensive benefits package to include: Sick leave Vacation with 10 paid holidays per year Health and dental insurance Retirement plan Life insurance and long-term disability insurance Optional employee benefits include short-term disability insurance, deferred compensation plans, and supplemental life insurance RETIREMENT: Positions in this classification participate in the Arizona State Retirement System (ASRS). Please note, enrollment eligibility will become effective after 27 weeks of employment. CONTACT US: If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Lester at [email protected] or 602-771-2902 for assistance. _Persons with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation such as a sign language interpreter or an alternative format by contacting 602-364-3981. Requests should be made as early as possible to allow time to arrange the accommodation. Arizona State Government is an AA/EOE/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer._