Operations-Administrative/Receptionist (Special Projects - Tacoma) Part-Time Job Title Operations-Administrative/Receptionist (Special Projects - Tacoma) Part-Time Added 2018-07-25 Reporting Center Special Projects City Tacoma, WA Company KPFF Consulting Engineers Job Description Operations-Administrative/Receptionist (Special Projects - Tacoma) Part- Time With over 1,100 employees nationwide, KPFF is an engineering-focused company that is organized around the philosophy that great people thrive in an environment that enables freedom and independence while also providing the necessary amount of accountability and support. Trust and excellence are foundational values for our company. Our non- bureaucratic approach depends on passionate, trustworthy people who are dedicated to excellence in everything they do. We focus on long term stability and prudent growth by building lasting relationships, maintaining an excellent reputation, helping improve our profession, helping our clients to succeed, and providing increasing opportunities for the great people that make up KPFF. KPFF Special Projects – We have recognized that there are specialized issues associated with development of certain projects, which require unique management and technical skills. The KPFF Special Projects group was established to directly address these concerns with a unique combination of focused dedication to successful delivery via specialized project managers, a highly qualified technical staff, and a predisposition to think and act innovatively. The Special Projects group has offices located in Seattle & Tacoma, WA and Long Beach, CA, with a total staff size of 75+ people. Our work generally leans toward heavy civil, structural, industrial and waterfront infrastructure throughout the US. We are frequently tasked with solving unusual, multi-discipline challenges that require an innovative and team-oriented approach. We also like to have fun and give back to our community! Social events and community outreach activities are an important part of who we are and help to strengthen our relationships. Our Tacoma office, located in the Old Town neighborhood, is looking for a part-time Receptionist to work 6 hours per day from Monday through Friday. Specific hours of work are somewhat flexible. Receptionist duties will include: Welcoming clients and visitors with a positive, helpful attitude. Assisting clients and visitors in finding their way around the office. Preparing meeting and training rooms. Performing ad-hoc administrative tasks. Answering, screening and routing phone calls in a professional manner. Sorting and distributing mail, shipping and receiving packages. Provide excellent customer service. Ideal qualifications include: A friendly and welcoming demeanor Good attention to detail A desire to learn Dependable, reliable attendance Multitasking abilities Experience using a phone in a professional environment Prior experience as a receptionist or in related customer facing role Consistent, professional dress and manner Excellent written and verbal communication skills Competency in Microsoft applications including Word, Excel, and email Good time management skills Experience with administrative and clerical procedures Able to contribute positively as part of a team, helping out with various tasks as required Ability to lift 20lbs Compensation will be dependent on qualifications. Benefits including medical, 401K, and sick, vacation and holiday pay are provided for employees working at least 30 hours per week. BENEFITS Benefits include medical, dental (option), life insurance, short-and long-term disability insurance, paid holidays, vacation and sick time, a subsidized ORCA bus/rail pass (Seattle office) and paid jury duty. We also provide an excellent 401K retirement savings plan with employer contributions. Additionally, KPFF provides a bonus program for its employees based upon the profitability of their Reporting Center and contributions of the employee to its success. If you are interested in this position, please submit your resume and a letter of interest by clicking the "apply now" link below. Resumes sent elsewhere will not be considered.. KPFF Consulting Engineers is committed to recruiting and employing qualified candidates without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, veteran or disability status or any factor prohibited by law.