Los Angeles, California Science and Analytics Who are we? The Finance Science & Analytics team builds end to end solutions to evolve and empower decision making as well as enable external financial reporting to Wall Street. We build smart products to empower our finance department to search through over 100,000 globally distributed virtual machines, processing petabytes of data and billions of network requests. We use data to add transparency and abstraction from immense scale, add science on top to enrich our data and proactively generate business impacting insight. We pair these challenges with the need to provide and maintain excellent availability, security, performance and accuracy. We work closely with financial experts, data scientists and engineers to develop an enviable suite of metrics, exploratory analyses, tools, and dashboards; all supported by robust data pipelines that scale with our continually expanding service (now over 120 global members!). Who are you? A Viz developer who can design and deploy rich, performant dashboards from the ground up. Experience making a variety of static and interactive visualizations for a variety of audiences Awareness of design concepts related to chart forms, typography, and the use of color, and are able to design clear, legible charts. Experience designing, building, and iterating on interfaces, with a strong sense of the entire user experience, not just the individual pieces. You deliver results quickly with iteration, instead of waiting for perfection. You are motivated to explore new technologies and learn, and can do so without formal education. Experience cleaning and processing data with at least one popular language (e.g. Python, R, Node) Extensive experience using SQL to transform data tables into meaningful data sources. Experience building repeatable pipelines to transform raw data into other formats for visualization or analysis. What will you do? What we look for You love finding the stories buried in petabytes of data and are able to build insightful tools and data products that enable everyone at Netflix to be an analyst. Be a bridge between the finance and tech, enabling insight that can empower better decision-making. Be a vocal and proactive partner to your stakeholders. Guide their line of questioning rather than fulfilling requests. Provide insights and conclusions rather than data outputs. Work with the finance experts, data scientists, and data engineers to develop metrics & analytical approaches to understand nuance around financial performance and influence our financial future. What do you know? (Not a rigid litmus test) Data Visualization/Reporting: Tableau, Looker, or similar experience required. D3 experience a plus. Building beautiful tools is a big plus. Complex SQL statements: You can write these in your sleep. Experience with Redshift or other parallel databases a plus. Big Data: SparkSQL, Presto, Hive, etc. Hacky Scripting: Not required but welcome. Python, Bash, etc. Education: Surprise us. A few more things to know: Netflix offers amazing colleagues, constantly evolving technology, fascinating analytical and technical challenges, and a Freedom & Responsibility culture that's truly unique. It hopefully resonates with you, as it is incredibly important to us. See https://jobs.netflix.com/life-at-netflix.