zulily is an online retailer obsessed with bringing our customers something special every day. Unique products from up-and-coming brands are featured alongside favorites from top brands, including clothing, home decor, accessories, toys and gifts, giving customers something new to discover each morning at an incredible price. We are fast-paced, innovative, data- and metric-driven. We have an immediate need for an experienced industry Data Scientist. As a Data Scientist at zulily you’ll use statistical and machine learning techniques to better understand how customers engage with zulily’s web and mobile e-commerce platforms, and use that information to better allocate resources across zulily, from recommender systems informing the e-commerce site, to acquisition and lifecycle marketing processes, to operations. You’ll work with key stakeholders to crisply define business questions, success criteria, and deployment plans. You’ll use reproducible research techniques to create analytical data sets, conduct exploratory data analysis, select and engineer features, train, tune, and evaluate candidate models, distill and present findings, and create cloud-ready production and reference implementations. What you will own, manage, and be accountable for: Constructs analytic data sets for both exploration and modeling Conducts exploratory data analysis and prepares visualizations summarizing key features of the data Researches and adapts existing open source algorithms when possible, develops novel techniques when needed Develops reproducible information products and modular, instrumented software Develops accurate models for prediction and inference Provides guidance to software development engineers on production implementations Develops program plans and road maps for Data Science Works with stakeholders to define business questions, success criteria, and model deployment plans. Checks in regularly with stakeholders during projects We also want to let you know about what you can expect when you work at zulily: We have a well-defined career path for our technical talent, with measurable goals. zulily understands the value of learning; every tech employee receives an annual education budget for personal development. This includes external classes, training, conferences, etc. We also encourage you to bring your new knowledge back to the team to share! In addition, zulily also has internal L & D tools and opportunities available. HTO (Hack Time Off) - You have great ideas – here’s some extra time to work on them! All exempt employees will be granted 5 days of “Hack Time Off” per year – PAID! You can partner with other teams on innovative ideas. Giving back: Every quarter we offer zulily full-time employees 8 hours of PAID volunteer time. We also encourage you to get a team of volunteers together and make a difference in the community. Zuniversity is a lecture/fireside series that allows you to meet with local influencers and learn about what is going on in our community. QUALIFICATIONS Qualified Candidates Possess: Education: Bachelor's Degree with a concentration in one of the following: Statistics / Ops. Research / CS. Highly Preferred: a Master's Degree with a concentration in Data Science / Analytics 3 – 5 years working with real data sets in a business setting Experience distilling and presenting complex concepts to a business audience Solid Knowledge of for-profit business operations Demonstrated history of scoping small to medium size projects Experience with different algorithm families and experience selecting, applying, and measuring model performance in a non-academic setting A professional background that includes working with machine learning and optimization techniques in a non-academic setting Expertise in data integration with SQL, as well as within a statistical programming language such as R or Python in a non-academic setting Practical knowledge and application of best practices in reproducible research and software engineering Well-versed in all phases of the modeling pipeline on both desktop and distributed/cloud platforms in a non-academic setting Experience with classical statistics and knowledge of design of experiments The ability to start FT work with zulily upon offer Bonus: proficiency in Spark zulily is an Equal Opportunity Employer zulily participates in E-Verify. zulily will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. You may reach us at (206) 388-0920.