BAE Systems Austin is searching for a Technical Operations Manager to oversee the Technical Operations function and develop, implement and oversee our advanced manufacturing and process improvement roadmap for our Austin Texas manufacturing location. The position is responsible to hire, develop and oversee technical product support engineering in our Austin manufacturing plant. This position will be responsible for developing and implementing the technical process roadmap and advanced manufacturing roadmap for our CCA and Final Assembly processes with a focus on implementing Advanced Manufacturing techniques. The ideal candidate will have developed and implemented strategic manufacturing plans for large scale electronics manufacturing and test platforms beginning at the early design phases through launch and sustaining production. Ideal candidate will also be a change agent responsible for leading advanced manufacturing implementation in high volume manufacturing environment for a very technical electromechanical assembly and test processes. Candidate must demonstrate Continuous Improvement implementation strategies and successes. Lean Six Sigma Black belt experience with focus on Process Improvement as relates to Production build across the value stream from material supply through shipment is a must. Previous implementation of advanced manufacturing techniques as relates to Electromechanical Assembly and ability to articulate the implementation of those techniques including automation, robotics, automated error proofing, advance material handling and facility layout/optimization for efficiency. This Position supports the Manufacturing Manager with New Product development and facilitates transition to production strategy and execution with key stakeholder responsibility. Manages manufacturing equipment and resource capacity, utilization and capital planning. Ensures build procedures and results are in accordance with technical goals and data, graphs, diagrams, reports are compiled and prepared indicating progress and accomplishments. Drive team to Root cause analysis, Containment of failures in production environment, and implement Process updates to reduce manufacturing cycle times, and improve overall yields. This position requires very strong interpersonal and communication skills within all levels of the organization. Experience leading technical projects and people in a fast paced environment. Candidate will be a hands on Lead engaged in developing, staffing, and executing the projects. Typical Education & Experience Typically a Bachelor's Degree and 10 years work experience or equivalent experience Required Skills and Education Bachelor’s Degree Engineering plus 15 years of experience Demonstrated implementation of Advanced Manufacturing techniques in an Electronics Manufacturing Environment Good interpersonal and leadership skills to influence and develop Technical Operations Staff members Preferred Skills and Education Bachelor’s Degree Engineering plus 15 years of experience Demonstrated implementation of Advanced Manufacturing techniques in an Electronics Manufacturing Environment Good interpersonal and leadership skills to influence and develop Technical Operations Staff members Demonstrable experience with implementing advanced manufacturing in a technical electromechanical assembly environment LSS Sigma Black Belt – focus on Lean implementation Project Management Experience a plus Strong communications skills from the shop floor to the board room Must have a working familiarity with ISO 9001/ AS9100 quality systems and DoD manufacturing standards. About BAE Systems Electronic Systems BAE Systems is a premier global defense and security company with approximately 90,000 employees delivering a full range of products and services for air, land and naval forces, as well as advanced electronics, security, information technology solutions and customer support and services. The Electronic Systems (ES) sector spans the commercial and defense electronics markets with a broad portfolio of mission-critical electronic systems, including flight and engine controls; electronic warfare and night vision systems; surveillance and reconnaissance sensors; secure networked communications equipment; geospatial imagery intelligence products and systems; mission management; and power-and energy-management systems. Headquartered in Nashua, New Hampshire, ES employs approximately 13,000 people globally, with engineering and manufacturing functions primarily in the United States, United Kingdom, and Israel.