SUMMARY This is an incredibly exciting time in the automotive industry with immense technological impact and business model innovation. GST is seeking a results- oriented Business Strategy Manager to identify and execute the development of key strategic and transformation initiatives across a broad range of business functions. This person will be pivotal in creating and driving the strategic agenda, including partnering with and influencing senior leaders on growth, productivity, and innovation projects. The ideal candidates for this newly created role should be comfortable with ambiguity and change, possess exceptional research and analytical skills, and be an excellent written and verbal communicator. This role has high visibility to the leadership team. RESPONSIBILITIES Listing of essential function (In order of importance) Develop comprehensive business cases to address opportunities and challenges; collaborate with and influence senior leaders and key stakeholders to achieve this Lead research, market sizing and analytics, and data sciences in support of business cases and otherwise Analyze problems and identify opportunities for creative solutions and strategic initiative investigation Support the strategic planning process and measurement of strategic initiatives; translate operating strategy into clear, achievable plans Assist in planning and preparing content for strategic planning, strategy councils, and other business reviews and report outs as needed Review financial, operational and sales performance reports, industry data, and research on a periodic basis; prepare reports, trend analysis and exec summaries (PowerPoint) Ability to act as a point of contact between senior leadership, associates, and key strategic partners SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES May directly supervise one or more employees as the function grows, but has no immediate direct supervisory responsibilities. Carries out responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and training employees, planning, assigning, and directing work, appraising performance, rewarding and disciplining employees, addressing complaints and resolving problems. QUALIFICATIONS A bachelor's degree in business, economics, engineering, mathematics, statistics or related field with a minimum of 5-8 years total work experience; and at least 2 years in corporate strategy, strategic planning, management consulting, venture capital or private equity or equivalent combination of education and experience. Automotive industry or retail/consumer experience advantageous. MBA is preferred. Previous experience building financial models and strong financial acumen Proven experience collaborating and influencing across organizations to drive growth and scale processes Experience delivering and executing in complex and changing business landscapes A self-starter and a problem-solver with a bias to action Detail-oriented with the ability to see the big picture and create compelling narratives Ability to facilitate meetings and drive accountability Expertise with Microsoft Office, especially PowerPoint and Excel To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential function satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS The physical requirements described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. While performing the duties of the job, the associate is required on a daily basis to analyze and interpret data, communicate, and remain in a stationary position for a significant amount of the work day; and frequently access, input, and retrieve information from the computer and other office productivity devices. The associate is regularly required to move about the office and around the corporate campus. The associate is occasionally required to travel to other sites, including out-of-state, where applicable, for business. The associate must frequently move up to 10 pounds and occasionally move up to 25 pounds. WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. While the job is generally performed in an office environment, the associate is occasionally exposed to wet and/or humid conditions, areas in which moving mechanical parts, fumes, toxic or caustic chemicals are present, and outside weather conditions. The noise level in the office environment is typically quiet, but the associate may be occasionally exposed to loud noise levels. TRAVEL REQUIRED Minimal travel is required for this position (up to 20% of the time and on a domestic basis). Is legally able to work in the United States.