GENERAL PURPOSE: Ross is building a new Master Data Office which will be a transformational program for the organization. The Manager I (MDO) will be the subject matter expert and will play a key role in managing product hierarchy data. This role will work directly with business leadership to identify needs and implement data capabilities and processes. In addition, the position will be responsible for establishing adherence to an enterprise data governance framework (data policies, standards and practices). In the near term, this role will be engaged in a multi-phase roll-out of master data application while working to build consensus for the master data governance strategy across the business community. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Data Governance Roadmap o Establish an enterprise data governance implementation roadmap including strategic priorities for development of information-based capabilities o As a prerequisite to above, need to develop deep content knowledge around how the business end-users use foundational data to run the business Documentation o Maintaining and updating all governance and administration related documents and processes (i.e. business processes & workflows, data definitions, business rules, data requirements, data conversion and cleansing plans) Data Quality Standards o Facilitate the development and implementation of data quality standards, data protection standards and adoption requirements across the enterprise o Define indicators of performance and quality metrics and ensure compliance with data related policies, standards, roles and responsibilities, and adoption requirements o Oversee data profiling of data attributes, values, fields, and business rules, and determine integration strategies. Communicate profiling results to impacted parties. Key Business Partner o Set expectation with partners including business and IT around timing of all new change requests including exceptions where additional decisions or escalations might add to the request o Lead Senior Management, comprising resources from the Business and Functional areas and IT business and operations functions, to achieve their objectives; resolve issues escalated from Business and Functional areas data governance representatives Compliance and Adoption o Manage and ensure all Master Data Office processes around data governance are followed. o Promote adoption of data governance processes by establishing clear understanding (conducting periodic refresher workshops), and improving the MDO governance processes based on ever changing needs of the business and other partners o Develop and maintain KPIs and data analytics for master data Liaison o Serve as a liaison between Business and Functional areas and technology to ensure that data related business requirements for protecting sensitive data are clearly defined, communicated and well understood and considered as part of operational prioritization and planning SUBSET SPECIFIC FUNCTIONS: N/A COMPETENCIES: Composure Customer Focus Communication Approachability Listening Integrity and Trust Learning on the Fly QUALIFICATIONS AND SPECIAL SKILLS REQUIRED: Bachelor’s Degree with a concentration in Business, Economics, Finance or Computer Science, or an equivalent diploma 5-8 year experience in the Retail field. Knowledge of industry leading data quality and data protection management practices Ability to understand and apply instructions or suggest alternate proven methods to move projects or requests forward Ability to follow established practices, policies and procedures Ability to build working relationships Strong communication skills Very strong understanding of productivity suite software (i.e. Microsoft Office) Strong analytical skills Able to create simple to complex analytical solutions Ability to take an abstract analytical problem and break it down into actionable tasks PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Retail background with strong process and systems understanding Demonstrated consulting skills, with change management concepts and strategies, including communication, culture change and performance measurement system design Thorough knowledge of business process documentation that includes prior experience with documenting Merchandising, IT or Finance workflows, processes and requirements. Prior Data Governance and Administration experience or exposure preferred Ability to work with both business (non-technical) and IT (technical) with ability to communicate/translate requirements easily and effectively between all parties Ability to adjust with changing work environments, priorities and goals Ability to bring about cooperation from leadership and working teams PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS/ADA: Requirements: Consistent timeliness and regular attendance. Job requires ability to work in an office environment, primarily on a computer. The job also requires sitting, standing, walking, talking on the telephone, attending in-person meetings, typing, and working with paper/files, etc. Occasional Requirements: Job occasionally requires bending, kneeling, reaching, and lifting up to 10 pounds. May also require occasional driving and/or traveling overnight for business functions or site visits. Vision requirements: Ability to see information in print and/or electronically. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: Business Analyst DISCLAIMER This position description is a summary of the primary duties and responsibilities of the job and position. It is not intended to be a comprehensive or all-inclusive listing of duties and responsibilities. Contents are subject to change at management’s discretion. Ross is an equal employment opportunity employer. We consider individuals for employment or promotion according to their skills, abilities and experience. We believe that it is an essential part of the Company’s overall commitment to attract, hire and develop a strong, talented and diverse workforce. Ross is committed to complying with all applicable laws prohibiting discrimination based on race, color, religious creed, age, national origin, ancestry, physical, mental or developmental disability, sex (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth or breastfeeding), veteran status, military status, marital or registered domestic partnership status, medical condition (including cancer or genetic characteristics), genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, as well as any other category protected by federal, state or local laws. '139003