ABOUT THE JOB: Design and develop data pipelines (including stream processing) to build the best Automotive data platform. Create data models at all levels including conceptual, logical, and physical for both disparate data systems like NoSql, Search Engine, RDBMS, and OLAP. Build an integrated infrastructure & process to deploy Data Science model in production. Work with Devops to setup monitoring and alerting on Data Infrastructure. Work with business stakeholders to identify critical data entities and attributes and capture how data is interpreted by users in various parts of the organization. Collaborate within an agile, multi-disciplinary team of engineers, product, data analysts, UX designers, QA and scrum master to solve customer problems effectively. Identify data quality metrics and guide processes that track and measure data quality continually. Develop standards and design solutions for data acquisition, integration and transformation that are scalable and reliable. Be a critical thinker in optimizing our cloud infrastructure usage and related storage costs. Work with engineering team and related business stakeholders to develop a strategic operational plan for our data infrastructure with specific focus on data quality and fault tolerance across data platform. WHAT YOU NEED: 8+ years of experience in the data space spanning data modeling, integration, and Data pipeline design and implementation. Deep understanding of performance tuning and configuring distributed systems like Hadoop/ElasticSearch/Redshift/Kinesis for operational excellence. Extensive database related experience with distributed databases like HBase/Elasticsearch/Redis/Redshift. Experience with AWS data management tools (S3, Redshift, Kinesis, etc) Strong programming skills in Java / Scala / Python Experience prioritizing and executing data management initiatives across a diverse group of engineering and business stakeholders in a highly agile scrum based environment. Extensive experience in data delivery across highly distributed systems using streaming technologies Experience of running Data Science models in production in scalable and reliable manner. Strong problem-solving skills to build robust, scalable and maintainable technical solutions at scale. Help identify and design solutions that allow performing root cause analysis to enable proactive issue resolution and data quality maintenance. Ability to mentor engineers at all levels Last but not least, passion and perseverance for solving Data Engineering problems! NICE TO HAVE: Bachelors/Masters in Computer Science or related field of study. Masters is a plus. Experience of running Data Science models in production using Spark, Tensor Flow, etc Experience of integrating monitoring/alerting systems with DataDog/Splunk/New Relic for Data Infrastructure Practical experience in application of machine learning, natural language, and statistical analysis is a plus. Location(s): Santa Monica Offices