Job Description: Role Summary/Purpose: In this role, the Operations Manager will effectively lead a high-exposure, performance-focused inbound client services call center, ensuring consistently superior levels of quality service while maximizing employee potential. Essential Responsibilities: Be a part in the overall leadership for a 250+ person (onsite and Work at Home) call center to achieve performance goals and maintain associate satisfaction. Effectively lead and manage five or more Provider Service Managers. Provide leadership by developing vision, setting high standards and communicating ideas. Responsible for successful achievement of organizational goals associated with servicing, employee culture, and financial management of the center. Effectively foster cooperation across all operations functional business units and portfolios, including collaboration on backline/research and client fraud/risk strategies. Lead in the coordination of efforts between operations, sales, and marketing to launch growth campaigns and successfully integrate new products and services into the operation. Promote communication and build relationships throughout all strata of the organization, including field sales leadership teams in support of CareCredit. Strategic thinking to find creative ways to improve client satisfaction through quality of service and one call resolution. Provide leadership and management of credit/compliance policies. Drive process improvements through best practice sharing with other Synchrony functions. Provide leadership, communication, coaching and professional development to direct reports and their teams Responsible for presenting department level status and/or initiatives to clients and Sr. Leadership. Play key leadership role in Operations strategy planning and budgeting process (SI, SII, Op Plan). Coordinate hiring and staffing needs with Site Leaders and Human Resources. Responsible for the planning of all off-phone activities so as to optimize idle and shrinkage time while delivering a consistent average speed of answer. Work with telephony to create and implement optimal IVR and call routing strategies and ensure disaster recovery plans are in place. Responsible for auditing, identifying variance and delivering root cause analysis on all Operations dashboards including performance management of outsourced vendors. Responsible for understanding, troubleshooting and improving the agent call index, including IVR usage and call tag data. Lead cross functional projects aimed at reducing expense, or improving the consumer/client experience, as needed. Perform other duties and/or special projects as assigned Qualifications/Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree or in lieu of degree 4+ years of experience in a customer service leadership environment Minimum 5 years’ experience managing people Minimum 5 years’ experience in call center operations Desired Characteristics: MBA and/or Black Belt certification with strong project management skills Current experience managing people. Proven leadership and interpersonal skills to support a high-performance, employee centered culture. Proven ability to work with cross-functional leadership (HR, Workforce Planning) Progressive knowledge of call center technology and strong technical skills. Strong analytic and auditing abilities. Experience with workforce management software Ability to manage work and resources across functions, sites, and countries. Demonstrated ability to influence upwards and across boundaries Strong process leadership skills demonstrated through previous project management and process improvement initiatives. Strong interpersonal and oral/written communication skills. Client services experience. Eligibility Requirements: You must be 18 years or older You must have a high school diploma or equivalent You must be willing to take a drug test, submit to a background investigation and submit fingerprints as part of the selection process You must be able to satisfy the requirements of Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. _Effective 1-1-18, new hires (Level 4-7) must have 9 months of continuous service with the company before they are eligible to post on other roles.Once this new hire time in position requirement is met, the associate will have a minimum 6 months’ time in position before they can post for future non-exempt roles._ Employees, level 8 or greater, must have at least 24 months’ time in position before they can post. All internal employees must have at least a “consistently meets expectations” performance rating and have approval from your manager to post (or the approval of your manager and HR if you don’t meet the time in position or performance requirement). Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job opening. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. Reasonable Accommodation Notice: Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. If you need special accommodations, please call our Career Support Line so that we can discuss your specific situation. We can be reached at 1-866-301-5627.Representatives are available from 8am – 5pm Monday to Friday, Central Standard Time. The salary range for this position is 70,000.00 - 150,000.00 USD Annual Salaries are adjusted according to market in CA and Metro NY and some positions are bonus eligible. Grade/Level: 11 Job Family Group: Financial Services Operations