Who is RedBrick Health? RedBrick Health is inspired by a singular purpose: to “Help People be Healthy”. We are a consumer health engagement company that delivers real behavior change. We help people improve health and make smarter use of healthcare. By combining behavioral and clinical expertise with adaptive technology we produce a more personal experience in web, mobile and live interactions. The result: customized solutions that sustain engagement, reduce cost and improve population health. And now we are making history in our newfound relationship with Virgin Pulse! Together we will deliver the industry’s only global, one-stop-shop for employees and employers. Together we are Engagement Revolutionized! We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any protected class status. Who are our employees? At our combined Virgin Pulse + RedBrick Health we are passionate about our purpose. We are inspired to create a better experience and to produce real results. We are curious, creative, and open-minded: willing to think out-of- the–box, and comfortable with change. We commit to working hard, holding ourselves accountable, and taking ownership for our clients’ success. We know it takes a team: we lead, listen, communicate, collaborate and celebrate success together. We take risks, knowing we have the support and trust of our teammates and leaders. We walk the talk. Whether at our yoga classes, in team- organized activities, or on our own, we take ownership of our own health and well-being, and bring our best each day. Who you are. You are a talented Software Engineer with the desire to find a position on a technology team focused on continuing the growth of our next-generation SaaS application. As a Software Engineer at Virgin Pulse you will work on implementing stories, bug fixes, unit tests, and general R&D with minimal oversight. You bring to the table a broad understanding of many modern open- source web technologies, and are dedicated to l earning more. You will work on a scrum team, collaborating with our Tech Leads, Product Owners and other talented Engineers to deliver great solutions on an exponentially growing application. Technologies come and go, but your passion for learning technologies and applying them to the right projects will make you successful in this position. Position level dependent on skills and leadership ability. In addition to the above you possess a number of desirable traits including: You have outstanding problem solving and analytical skills You are a good communicator (written and verbal) You are enthusiastic about working in a team, and have great people skills A passion for learning technologies and applying them to the right projects will make you successful in this position. Our technology Our next generation SAAS platform is using an exciting mixture of technologies: Large scale, public-facing websites built in Angular/Angular2 and leveraging tools like Pug, Grunt and NPM to make things automated and repeatable. Our Java/Kotlin-based REST API is built on Spring Boot and Hibernate which serves traffic to both web and mobile consumers. We’re using a combination of both PostgreSQL, Cassandra and Redis. Redis, specifically, is used extensively in a distributed locking system, responsible for supporting real-time data processing. We use Machine Learning to personalize, recommend, and monitor services on our platform. Our ML applications are packaged as containers with RESTful interfaces. All of this uses Amazon Web Services extensively for stability and high availability. We practice Continuous Integration using TeamCity; as a result we have continual smaller releases to our environments (Development, QA, Staging, Production), with integrated unit tests and code coverage analysis while eliminating the risk taken on with only a few large releases/product updates. What Your Day-to-Day Looks Like Participate in scrum meetings - Daily Standup, Grooming, Retrospectives, Kickoff, etc. Check on the health of applications and models in New Relic Develop frontend solutions utilizing AngularJS/Angular Develop RESTful APIs with amazing documentation Work closely with the product team Occasionally jump on a conference call with a vendor Write great unit tests Perform code reviews for your teammates Submit well-formed pull requests Train and deploy ML models in Python Research new features for model training to improve model quality Gather and cleanup data sets What you bring to the team. In order to represent the best of what we have to offer you come to us with a multitude of positive attributes including: A 4 year degree in Computer Science or similar 3+ years of experience working as a software developer Solid Object-Orientated development skills Solid grasp of modern (RESTful) web applications Solid Java or similar language skills Solid grasp of SQL; PostgreSQL is a plus Common front end technologies such as Pug, Bower/NPM, Grunt, Angular, etc. Unit testing experience Agile Scrum or Kanban methodologies Scrum tools (Jira, confluence, etc.) Git with pull requests in a team environment Linux TCP/IP basics Knowledge of Continuous Integration / Delivery method experience (i.e. Teamcity, Jenkins, etc.) Teams or similar communication tools. What makes you stand out. Hibernate / JPA Spring or Spring Boot Tomcat/Jetty Cassandra AWS/SNS/SQS/RDS Docker Python and scikit-learn/Keras/Tensorflow Passion and/or aptitude for mathematics and statistics APPLICATION NOTE: In order to be considered, we require that you include a cover letter with your resume/application. Why Work here? We believe a career at RedBrick Health should provide competitive pay and benefits, a collaborative and supportive work environment, plus cutting-edge technology and services — more reasons to love it here.