SUMMARY The Sr. Systems Administrator is responsible for secure and effective provisioning, installation, configuration, operation, and maintenance of hardware, software, and related server infrastructure. Activities include systems hardware and software support, technical documentation, organizational and department projects. He/She also plays a lead role in enhancing the architecture and security of all Credit Union systems and for producing necessary documentation in support of these responsibilities. All IT employees deliver front-line service desk support and tasks in addition to their other duties. QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, he/she must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge,skill,and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations maybe made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience: Bachelor’s Degree in information technology and a range of 6 to 8 years of related experience, and/or equivalent combination of education and experience. Demonstrated leadership roles in previous positions desirable. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations: One or more of the following certifications is required. Comparable alternatives from other vendors will be considered: MCSA, MCSE, VCP, VCAP, Security+, CISSP, ITIL Humble. Lack excessive ego or concerns about status. Quick to point out the contributions of others and slow to seek attention for self. Share credit emphasize team over self and define success collectively rather than individually. Hungry. Always looking for more. More things to do. More to learn. More responsibility to take on. Self-motivated and diligent. Constantly thinking about the next step and the next opportunity. Smart. Have common sense about people. Tend to know what is happening in a group situation and how to deal with others in the most effective way. Demonstrates good judgment and intuition around the subtleties of group dynamics and the impact of their words and actions. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Installing, configuring, modifying, troubleshooting, and/or managing Windows 2008/2012-based servers. Responsibilities include setup and configuration of Active Directory, Group Policy, Server Monitoring, Services, Replication, Trust Relationships, Certificates, Permissions, and other applications related to or embedded inside the Windows Server operating system Setting up, configuring, troubleshooting, and/or managing multi-OU Windows-based network LAN/WAN. Responsibilities include utilization of Avamar Server Backup, monitoring network and server performance, and other troubleshooting and management tools Setting and modifying file server security and permissions, creating secure file shares, managing file server capacity, deploying network printers, troubleshooting connectivity errors between servers and workstations Maintaining monitoring solutions. Verifying the integrity and availability of all computing resources, systems, and key processes. Reviewing system and application logs and verify completion of scheduled tasks such as backups Working with and managing third party support and service vendors Providing support for various users. Investigating and troubleshooting issues. Responding courteously and professionally to users’ IT-related request for assistance or questions as submitted to the ticketing system, phone calls, and walk-ins Applying OS patches to PCs and servers on a regular basis and upgrading administrative tools and utilities. Ensuring all devices are properly configured with Anti-Virus software Maintaining operational, configuration, or other procedures in Wiki Performing ongoing capacity planning, performance tuning, hardware upgrades, and resource optimization and routine reporting. Configure CPU, memory, and disk partitions Maintaining and managing VMware environment to ensure that software and hardware are maintained and up to date Providing Service Desk support to users, fellow team members and support vendors Develop and maintain standards/ procedures, security requirements, software configuration, and other application support as needed Performing other related duties as required and assigned to facilitate the operations of the department. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES Good communication skills in person, by phone, or through written correspondence Effective interpersonal skills and ability to work with all levels of staff in a professional, approachable, and positive manner Work on projects as required Advanced proficiency with the Microsoft Office suite of products Execute with high quality and consistency Strong knowledge of Windows Server 2008 R2 and 2012 R2 servers, including knowledge of DHCP, DNS, Exchange, Active Directory, and Group Policy. Strong knowledge of Windows 7 and Office 2016. Experience working with Office 365 in a Hybrid environment Strong VMware knowledge for deploying and maintaining a virtual environment. Forward-thinking with high standards and an appropriate professional decorum Ability to handle multiple tasks and changing priorities in an efficient and effective manner Ability to maintain strict confidentiality Ability to conduct thorough research; interpret and understand laws and regulations, and provide workable recommendations and solutions to problems Detail-oriented, self-starter who is able to work independently Maintains thorough and current knowledge of internal policies, procedures, products, and services in a Wiki and other internal systems Ability to demonstrate commitment to self-improvement by taking the initiative of learning new skills, systems and procedures as well as taking advantage of the continuous education opportunities within and outside of the Credit Union Computer literate and proficient in software applications, financial analysis programs, Adobe Acrobat, online research tools and MS Office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook PHYSICAL REQUIERMENTS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Full-time hours required, with additional work hours as necessary to accomplish objectives, goals, and projects Regularly required to talk and hear Frequently required to sit; use hands and fingers, be able to handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms Occasionally required to stand and walk Occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds Occasionally required to exert up to 10 pounds of force Occasionally required to crawl under counter tops and furniture such as desks to perform electrical and data cable management. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, and ability to adjust focus OTHER REQUIERMENTS Must have your own, reliable transportation to visit branch locations Must be available for 24/7 rotational on-call responsibilities EEO STATEMENT SCCFCU does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, national origin, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related condition, ancestry, medical condition including genetic characteristics, veteran or military status, sexual orientation, gender expression, any persons holding an undocumented “AB” 60” driver’s license, or any other characteristic protected by law. This provision also includes the perception that anyone has any of the above characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any one of these characteristics. All such discrimination is unlawful. _This job description is not an exclusive or exhaustive list of all job functions that an employee in this position may be asked to perform from time to time. Santa Clara County Federal Credit Union reserves the right to revise or change job duties and responsibilities as the need arises._