Network and Datacenter Manager iboss has created the first and only Distributed Gateway Platform specifically designed to solve the challenge of securing distributed organizations. Built for the cloud, iboss leverages an elastic, node-based architecture that provides advanced security for today’s decentralized organizations and scales to meet the ever-increasing bandwidth needs of tomorrow. The iboss Distributed Gateway Platform is backed by more than 100 patents and protects over 4,000 organizations worldwide, making iboss one of the fastest growing cybersecurity companies in the world. Job Description: The Network and Datacenter Manager is responsible for supporting our datacenters. The ideal candidate will represent and manage the team to deliver on technical IT infrastructure capabilities and be accountable for service delivered and design approaches to achieve required service levels. They should possess strong organization and troubleshooting skills, and be able to effectively manage their time to meet company objectives. Responsibilities: Architect, implement, and maintain network hardware and configurations. Deliver stable and responsive application, server, data storage, and backup services and software for the Development, Corporate, and Production datacenter environments. Take a lead role in ensuring the security and compliance requirements of networks and protected data. Lead Disaster Recovery initiative from an infrastructure perspective including documenting recovery procedures of all critical components. Collaborate with business leaders to design solutions that meet evolving company objectives. New technology evaluation and ongoing vendor management. Contribute significantly to capacity, scalability, and budget planning. Perform maintenance and upgrades during off-hours and provide 24 X 7 on-call network support. Required Technical Skills : Data Center design and installation. Data Storage architecture including FC Switching and Zoning. Broad understanding of IP protocols, at all layers of the stack. Extensive experience with firewall, routing, and switching technologies. Deep understanding of Windows Active Directory. Familiarity with MS IIS, Cold Fusion, SQL. Experience with Mail and Web Security Gateway products. Remote access Design- RDP, VNC, VPN with RSA. Security monitoring and awareness techniques including IPS and SEIM. Required Background : Bachelor’s degree Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience Recent experience architecting and deploying a highly segmented network with a focus on security. 5+ years’ experience in direct support of IT Technical Infrastructure components at multiple sites required. Strong experience managing a diverse environment that includes, Microsoft Server Operating Systems, Routing-Firewall and IP Network Technologies, Storage Area Networks (SAN), multisite data networks, Unified Communications, MS SQL Server Database, and VMWare for server virtualization. Familiar with HIPAA, ISO 27001 or experience with other security and compliance related regulations. Proven track record of managing complex technical projects. Certifications preferred but not required. Previous experience with 24 X 7 support. Candidate Profile : Ability to manage multiple projects concurrently in a fast-paced environment. Develops processes and performs activities to ensure consistent, high quality service/support levels and identifies potential problems/trends. Supports infrastructure consistency with adherence to Best-Practice technology strategies. Performs advanced troubleshooting independently as well as demonstrates ability to lead with a focus on teamwork and persistence. Demonstrates high analytical skills through troubleshooting and maintenance of complex technical environments. Interacts well with other managers, engineering managers, and project managers. Ability to translate technical discussions into business terms. Creates and sustains high level relationships with vendors, providers, and contractors. Collaborates with other roles providing or using respective technical solutions. Aptitude for managing projects to completion. Proven ability to learn new technologies quickly to a high level of proficiency. Quick reaction time. Detail Oriented Adaptability and desire to contribute to company growth. Benefits Health Benefits: Medical, Vision, Dental and more 401K with company match Competitive paid time off policy with company paid holidays Fantastic quarterly company events Catered lunches every Friday Free snacks The duties and responsibilities described above are essential functions of the job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, status as a veteran or as an individual with a disability. This position is not eligible for sponsorship of work visas