ATS, LLC provides a full spectrum of services that include aircraft maintenance, airfield support services, fuels management, aviation ground equipment maintenance and overhaul, vehicle and equipment maintenance, transportation, material management, warehousing and distribution, equipment maintenance, and procurement. Today’s military, government agencies, and commercial enterprises depend on modern, sophisticated systems to provide critical operations and timely services. ATS focuses on providing the critical services required to enable these organizations to attain maximum efficiency and effectiveness. USACAPOC has a temporary Logistics Management Analyst position open in Mountain View, CA for an immediate fill. There is a temporary Logistics Management Analyst Position open at Mountain View, CA. The position will require an immediate fill Knowledge and Skills: A Logistics Management Analyst responsible logistics management that include the sustainment of USACAPOC CONUS and OCONUS units, assisting in log management areas that include: Property Accountability, Property Management, FAAST, Asset Visibility, managing Hand Receipts, Posting Documents, cutting Directives and Lateral Transfers (approved by the Property Book Officer), and working closely with offsite units, ensuring processes and procedures are followed and logistics information is submitted timely, accurate, and reflect real time data for the purpose of briefing the command group. Must have a thorough knowledge of USACAPOC/Logistics Units and the makeup of equipment that are assigned. Specific Tasks : Reviews and analyzes inventory documents such as monthly hand receipts, cyclic inventories and sensitive item inventories. Ensures the accurate processing of all property book documents to include Purchase Requests and Commitments, Lateral Transfers, Administrative Adjustments, Statements of Charges, Cash Collection Vouchers, Financial Liability Investigations of Property Loss (FLIPL), Receipt Documents, and Inventory Adjustment Documents. Ensures all valid authorizations in The Army Authorization Document System (TAADS) such as Modification Tables of Organization and Equipment (MTOE), Tables of Distribution and Allowances (TDA), TDA Section III Supplemental Items and Common Tables of Allowances (CTA) are on-hand or have a valid due-in requisition. Provides inventory oversight, accountability guidance, technical/administration assistance to all supported units on logistical matters involving the Property Book. Assist the Government with the disposition of excess equipment through cross-leveling by reviewing and analyzing authorization documents and property book records to achieve the highest combat equipment on-hand readiness for the Command, and advise on disposition of pure excess property. Assist in maintaining a formal set of property accounting records that show, on a continuing basis, the item identification, gains, loses, on hand balances, and the conditions and locations of all property assigned to the property account. Management of property book catalog data IAW Supply Bulletin (SB) 700-20, FEDLOG, and Army Enterprise System Integration Program (AESIP) databases. Conversion of user created catalog data: authorized substitutions of Line Item Numbers (LINs) IAW MTOE, TDA, and JTA authorization documents, Asset Description Up-dates (ADU) and accurate Non-Standard LIN item data (NSLIN). Provide to Government POC’s reports such as Lateral Transfer Directives update, FLIPL update, Inventory Update, Command and Staff Property Book Logistic slides, using Logistics systems in support of the Property Book Office and USACAPOC (A) G4, ensuring that all information provided is accurate, and a Quality Assurance and Quality Control (QAQC) assessment has been administered with the Contractor team lead prior to submission. Advises commanders on most efficient ways to manage their hand receipts Maintain automated hand receipts Primary Hand Receipts (PHR) files with accompanying documentation as required by the Property Book Officer (PBO) and IAW Army Regulations 25-400-2. (The Army Records Information Management System (ARIMS)) Perform Property Book Maintenance weekly or as required by the PBO. a. Review serial number balances for accuracy and correctness, as needed. Assist the Government with the identification of excess equipment; preparation of the re-distribution directive; coordination with and approval by the Government; distribution of the directive; tracking of status (frequency determined by PBO); and providing status re-ports. Monitor daily operations, to include all Logistics Systems such as the Force and Asset Search Tool (FAAST) that provide visibility and tracking of assets; identify/dedicate an Asset Visibility Manager /Coordinator for daily operations and teleconferences as required: Provide supply guidance and support to units in accordance with Army Regulations 710-1,710-2, DA PAM 710-2-1, 710-2-2, DA EXORD 259-10, Campaign for Property Accountability (COPA), Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: All on-site personnel shall have the following skills, abilities and experience: Must have Property Book Level PBUSE Training from an accredited source and be technically proficient (Certificate / proof of accreditation must be provided upon request). Personnel must possess strong communication skills to interact with the commands and team leader, helping to increase effective operability. Must possess an understanding of proper procedures for reviewing administrative correspondence for the team leader and Property Book Officer Must have achieved a skill level commensurate to that of a retired E7, E8 or Chief Warrant Officer with steady logistic 92Y experience or 920A Property Book experience, working at the Group or Brigade Property Book level. Must be a US Citizen with the ability to obtain and maintain a Government Clearance. Must be able to stand, sit and walk for long periods of time. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you have a physical and/or mental disability and are interested in applying for employment and need special accommodations to use our website to apply for a position please contact, Recruiting Services at job-assist@akima.com or 571-353-7053. Reasonable accommodation requests are considered on a case-by- case basis. The dedicated email and telephonic options above are reserved only for individuals with disabilities needing accessibility assistance to apply to an open position using our website. Please do not use the dedicated email or phone number above to inquire on the status of your job application. We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for the position; however, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted. _In order for our company to stay compliant with government regulations, please apply on line. Please DO NOT email resumes or call in lieu of applying online unless you have a physical and/or mental disability and need assistance with the online application._ Shift : Day Job Primary Location : US-CA-Mountain View Organization : ATS Job : Installation, Maintenance & Repair Schedule : Full-time Closing Date (Period for Applying) - External : Ongoing