Deskside Support Technician (Job Number:439030) Description: JOB DESCRIPTON: The Desktop/Deskside Tier 2 Technical Support Specialist will ensure that professional support and response standards are met and maintained. Must have comprehensive knowledge in the use of personal computers and a solid understanding of software fundamentals. Must be proficient with a variety of domain and email account administration tools and familiar with standard corporate security policies, specifically MS Windows and Office, VPN, remote access, and anti-virus software. The Specialist will communicate moderately complex or technical information, ideas and results effectively in both oral and written form; and compose correspondence and reports. They will provide troubleshooting/repair within desktop and networking support, IT concepts and software applications. The Tier 2 Support Specialist must be able to think logically and act decisively in critical situations. They will provide second level technical support to users with questions regarding account administration, distribution of software and documentation, system and network status, incident entry via incident management tool and problem management and root cause analysis processes. They will follow and create detailed operational procedures and help improve the quality of service delivery and provide value added customer services. The Specialist will also ensure project schedules and performance requirements are met. They will contribute to the development of the organization's goals and objectives and interact daily with supervisors and/or functional peer groups and customers. The Specialist must develop a thorough understanding of client's applicable hardware/software configurations. This includes system backup/recovery, basis software management, security management, service desk management software, and asset management. They must successfully resolve moderate to more difficult technical issues (related to hardware and software) from incoming customer contacts and proactive notification systems. The Specialist will serve as the initial point of contact for troubleshooting hardware, software, PC, and printer problems. Qualifications: EDUCATION REQUIREMENT: AA Degree in related field or HS Diploma + experience in lie of degree SECURITY CLEARANCE REQUIREMENT: Candidates must be eligible for Public Trust Clearance. REQUIRED SKILLS/EXPERIENCE: Desktop support experience in a Windows Active Directory environment. \- Thorough understanding of programming, relational database, and client- server concepts. Must be capable of providing customer consulting services with minimal supervision. Proven strong oral/written communication and customer interface skills. Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of personnel. Strong Motivational skills. Excellent planning/time management skills, ability to prioritize tasks effectively and experience working in a fast-paced work environment. Excellent client-facing skills. Proven project management skills. Ability to work seamlessly across organizational boundaries. SOFTWARE EXPERIENCE: MS Windows and Office Active Directory Anti-Virus CA Incident Management Tool VPN Avaya Remote Management Experience Knowledge Management Web Support Previous Desk-Side Support IT Hardware Technical Troubleshooting Repair SAIC Overview:SAIC is a premier technology integrator providing full life cycle services and solutions in the technical, engineering, intelligence, and enterprise information technology markets. SAIC is Redefining Ingenuity through its deep customer and domain knowledge to enable the delivery of systems engineering and integration offerings for large, complex projects. SAIC's approximately 15,000 employees are driven by integrity and mission focus to serve customers in the U.S. federal government. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $4.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For information on the benefits SAIC offers, see My SAIC Benefits. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability Job Posting: Aug 8, 2018, 4:20:03 PM Primary Location: United States-WA-SEATTLE Clearance Level Must Currently Possess: None Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: Other Clearance Potential for Teleworking: No Travel: None Shift: Day Job Schedule: Full-time