As the leading digitial innovator in Robotic Process Automation, we are seeking to meet our increasing capability in RPA by actively growing our team across the US and Canada. Responsibilities: As a Senior RPA Consultant, you will be responsible for coding and configuring automation process components from low-level design (LLD) or technical design documents (TDD) to meet defined requirements. You will also validate automations by performing unit testing and ensuring that configuration control is maintained at all times. Develop new processes, tasks and objects using core workflow principles that are efficient, well structured, maintainable and easy to understand Comply with and help enforce design and coding standards, policies and procedures Work collaboratively with test teams during the product test and UAT phases to fix assigned bugs Report status, issues and risks to tech leads on a regular basis Improve skills in automation products by completing automation certification Travel as required About Avanade Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud services, business solutions and design-led experiences delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Our professionals bring bold, fresh thinking combined with technology, business and industry expertise to help fuel transformation and growth for our clients and their customers. Avanade has 30,000 digitally connected people across 24 countries, bringing clients the best thinking through a collaborative culture that honors diversity and reflects the communities in which we operate. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation. Learn more at www.avanade.com. Qualifications A programming background on any coding language (preferably .NET) five years experience Development experience with one of the following RPA tools: Blue Prism, Automation Anywhere, or UIPath Understanding of automation components and features in RPA products Understanding of process design documents and technical design documents in the RPA space Requisition ID - 54936 Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.com.