PIMCO is refactoring its software systems to a distributed micro-services model. To facilitate this we have created a core set of libraries built on popular open source code. As use has increased we need to grow our development team and are after a senior java developer with a deep understanding of the JVM, open source libraries, java language constructs, debugging techniques, linux operating system and computer architectures. The team is the ‘goto’ place for resolving design and performance issues in application code. We are also migrating from a static deployment approach to a ‘cloud’ model with a view to using public clouds. This requires enhancements to many aspects of how we architect and write software and the Core team is leading the way. Job Responsibilities: Develop and support the PIMCO core java libraries and services. (foundation for all PIMCO software) Improve performance and quality of java code at PIMCODevelop core data services and migrate them to a cloud approach Position Requirements Skills: Expert level knowledge of Java. Deep understanding of Spring, Guava and various Apache open source libraries. Attention to detail, quality and performance is essential. Good understanding of lower system layers (jvm, os (unix), hardware) Cloud technologies desirable. Education/Experience: Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent training required. 10+ years of experience required. Benefits: PIMCO is committed to offering a comprehensive portfolio of employee benefits designed to support the health and wellbeing of you and your family. These benefits include medical, dental and vision coverage from your first day of employment. 401k Savings and Retirement Plan Work/Life Programs such as Flexible Work Arrangements, Parental Leave & Support, Employee Assistance Plan, and Educational/CFA Certification Reimbursement Programs. Community involvement opportunities with The PIMCO Foundation in each PIMCO office. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.