Sysco Associate Apply - Click Here Company: CORP Enclave Location: US-TX-Cypress Zip Code: 77077 Minimum Level of Education: Bachelor's Degree Minimum Years of Experience: 3 Position Type: Exempt Travel Percentage: 0 More information about this job: OVERVIEW: At Sysco, we offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We are looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why good things really do come from Sysco. POSITION SUMMARY: The role is a blend of a menu analyst, designer and a consultant to Sysco customers. In the role the individual will provide expert menu strategies, conduct analysis, engineering and design menus that results in our customer becoming more profitable. The role will meet project deadlines through effective project management, accurate and timely production. RESPONSIBILITIES: Develop, analyze and consult with customers on their menu providing engineering strategies and menu design to maximize profit impact for the customer and Sysco. Provide excellent project management and customer service for menu analysis, design and production, including project workflow, timelines, customer communication and expectations. Build relationships to create regionalized Menu Services presence. Provide consulting services to OpCos and customers via one on one or via webinars. Contribute to organizational marketing efforts, such as blogs and newsletters. Identify and contribute to departmental improvement opportunities. Perform other duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS: Basic Qualifications: 3-5 years industry related experience Education and / or Experience: Bachelor’s Degree required Professional Skills: Ability to prepare and present data clearly and concisely to customers, peers, and upper management. Analytical savvy Creativity to develop unique menus for customers Industry knowledge to stay on top of restaurant and menu trends Ability to plan and carry out assigned projects and coordinate work with others Ability to build and maintain effective relationships within Sysco Opcos and customers Self-motivated, able to deliver results Business analysis skills, the ability to see implications and provide consultative solutions/recommendations Analytical and problem solving skills in fast pace environment Ability to work independently and as part of a team Ability to balance multiple priorities and meet deadlines Proficient in Word, Excel and PowerPoint Results orientated Ability to document and track project progress Ability to be creative with template based menus Excellent communication skills, ability to consult with customers Ability to make live presentation and web based presentations Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Working Conditions: The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by associates within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of associates assigned to this job. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States. Sysco is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law. This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates. Employment Type: Full Time