What you’ll be doing... Perform and support others with engineering Verizon’s telemetry networks, the ‘Internal Data Network’ (IDN), VzW EDN and the fXO telemetry network. Responsibilities vary across the following tasks: manage dependencies such as power, craft detailed equipment installation instructions, order material, update Verizon’s ICON inventory system/database and drive project deadlines with Verizon Install teams. Example equipment include: Cisco 2911s, 3650s and the 4506E. Engineering responsibilities include floor space, rack, power, card, port and cabling assignments all while following Verizon’s Network Equipment Engineering standards. Interface with Field Personnel via site surveys for site-specific challenges. Engineer has extensive knowledge and understanding of ICON and logical IP building including IP routing and subnet protocols. Issues occasionally arise during the port fulfilment process which will require the engineer to determine where the failure is occurring – is it a port or IP protocol/routing issue. The engineer works with IT and field organization as required to further troubleshoot and/or needed updates to the ICON database to resolve issues. Interacts with various engineering teams such as Data, Unified Transport, Access, IDN, VOIP, Public, etc. Engineer uses existing tools (ICON, SNM, VENUE, DNS, IPPOC) and processes to fulfill port assignment and manage/engineer capacity. What we’re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor's degree or four or more years of work experience. Four or more years of relevant work experience. Even better if you have: A degree. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Strong computer skills including proficiency in the MS Office suite. Detail oriented. Strong knowledge in job related functional area and of the telecommunications business. Knowledge of the following Verizon systems a plus: CCP, SRM/SAP, MECCA, ICON/SiteVu. CNA certifications. When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.