Under the direction of the Manager of Quality Measurement and Reporting, the Program Manager is responsible for coordinating and managing key components of Tufts Health Public Plan's Quality Measurement (QM) and Reporting Program with an emphasis on assisting the Manager of Quality Measurement and Reporting (QMR) in the oversight of ACO quality data exchange used and monitoring of performance to drive key regulatory reporting for HEDIS and CMS required metrics. The Program Manager will play a critical role in a multi-year implementation of a quality reporting software platform that will be used for HEDIS data collection and other required reporting. Additionally, the Program Manager will provide project management support in managing the development, implementation and execution of data exchange used in quality reporting for Tufts Health Public Plan's Regulatory and provider contracts. This includes but is not limited to, the health plan's Accountable Care Organization (ACO) contracts and other QM initiatives as indicated in accordance with all CMS and EOHHS regulatory requirements. Key Responsibilities: Functions include QM project management and oversight of project deliverables related to the collection, maintenance, and analysis of data, participation in workgroups related to quality performance and improvement and providing assistance to key quality measurement staff in enhancing provider performance efforts. Collaborates with THPP and provider partners including its ACO providers to facilitate data exchange and performance reporting. Represents the Quality Measurement and Reporting Department in cross-functional meetings. Supports the Manager of Quality Measurement and Reporting in meeting contractual quality measurement and reporting obligations related to Mass Health, CMS, the Commonwealth Health Insurance Connector Authority, and NCQA. Responsible for overseeing specific activities related to these obligations. Actively supports key components of regulatory data collection and reporting. Key components generally include understanding, managing and internally communicating technical specifications including accreditation standards; contractual and regulatory requirements related to measurement and reporting; reviewing data to identify improvement opportunities and developing, implementing and/or evaluating improvement activities. Supports the Manager of Quality Measurement and Reporting in actively managing vendor relationships and deliverables. Effectively communicates and collaborates with a matrixed team consisting of multiple stakeholders and departments. Participates in the development, implementation and ongoing review of initiatives which are designed to impact quality metrics. Provides project management and oversight of key deliverables related to the implementation of software used to support regulatory reporting. Provides analytic support to the Quality Measurement and Reporting Department for all regulatory performance reporting. Knowledge requirements (education & experience): 3-5 years of project management experience, including leading cross -functional high-level initiatives, preferably in a managed care setting emphasizing quality management and improvement Bachelor's Degree in a health care related field required. Advanced/Master's degree preferred. 5-7 years business or industry experience; health plan quality measurement and reporting experience preferred. Demonstrated analytic skills required Experience with vendor collaboration Experience with IT/and or software implementations preferred. Ability to work independently, and communicate back to management as required. Ability to shift between contributing role and oversight role. Proven contributor to successful team efforts. Ability to assume oversight of projects, specific tasks within complex projects, and / or dedicated work groups. Ability to apply analytical skills to process and outcome analyses, document findings, and define recommendations for improvement. Ability to format and present verbal and written information in a clear, concise, and articulate manner. Requires strong verbal and written skills to effectively communicate detailed and summary data to different levels across the organization. Must be highly organized with attention to detail. Must be able to maintain focus on the scope and desired outcomes. Must be able to contribute to problem solving, to shift priorities as needed. Skill requirements (include complexity of position): Highly developed verbal and written skills, ability to facilitate planning and review sessions with staff and management, highest level presentation skills including ability to interface with teams effectively. SQL proficiency preferred Project management experience. Advanced Excel and PowerPoint skills required. Interpersonal skills (include personal interaction): Ability to work on multiple projects in a fast paced environment Capable of making independent decisions and working as part of a team Self-motivated Creative thinking and problem solving skills Excellent customer service skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Requires excellent interpersonal skills in order to communicate and work with staff of all skill and experience levels. Must be able to exercise patience and high level of diplomacy to recognize politically sensitive issues. Must be able to work collaboratively and cooperatively as a team member, fostering an atmosphere of trust and respect. Ability to plan outcomes for a work group session and manage group dynamics to effectively reach a positive meeting outcome. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled