Role Summary: As an Enterprise Architect, is responsible for overall architectural direction of the enterprise technology systems in Commercial space, including significant enhancements to existing systems and architectural planning for complete end-to-end integrated initiatives. You will provide input to the oversight for other software/system architects within the team/affiliates, and will build key relationships within the organization to ensure technology system direction is aligned with business needs Essential Responsibilities: Drive future state architecture to support multiple business areas to ensure technology system direction is aligned with business needs and priorities. Attend governance and oversight committees related to technology planning, design, and decision making. Build strong relationships with business partners to ensure technology alignment with business priorities. Maintain familiarity with key regulatory/compliance issues and ensure system solutions meet all regulatory requirements. Create and drive best practices across architecture organization. Create business architecture models that reflect our strategies and goals Stay current with business and technical trends to propagate best in class thinking within organization. Develop expert knowledge of existing systems and facilitate creation of mechanisms to track current and future state architectures. Develop and oversee knowledge base regarding key interfaces and associated detail-level documentation. Ensure strong analysis of system change implications. Oversee and provide final approval for significant system architecture projects. Directly participate in design and decisioning related to business-critical and high-risk projects. Provide business architecture and systems processing guidance Create and implement a business vision and multi-year plan Qualifications/Requirements: Basic Qualifications: 10-12 years relevant experience in enterprise architecture in related industry. Graduate-level degree required. Eligibility Requirements: Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job Desired Characteristics: Functional Expertise: Extensive experience with enterprise architecture’s best practices and goals. Federated Enterprise Architecture Certification preferred. Excellent leadership and motivational skills Proven track record of driving and leading large-scale architectural projects throughout an entire business through to completion Knowledge of IT Quality Assurance processes Possess 7-10 years hands-on experience and a comprehensive understanding working within Enterprise Architecture environments Experience within Solution Design & Architecture Robust knowledge within Security Architecture Experience of all aspects of the software development lifecycle Applications/Digital Agency background working within architecture Experience working within web, mobile, cloud and infrastructure solutions environments In depth ITIL Knowledge Technical Expertise: Experience in reviewing and selecting Technical and Applications Architectures solutions Experience of supporting procurement of IT Architecture. Experience of architecting digital services Experience of working with 3rd party Technical and Application Architects Outstanding analytical skills Experience with vast spread of Technologies across domains Exceptional strategic planning and problem-solving skills Ability working within pressurized environments whilst making decisive technical decisions. Key skills & Technology: Hands-on experience with software development and system administration. Experience in project management and service-oriented architecture (SOA). Knowledge of coding languages not limited to Java script, JS framework, NodeJS, Java & J2EE. Familiarity with various operating systems (e.g. Windows, UNIX) and databases (ORACLE, SQL and NoSQL databases) Experience in cloud technologies (e.g. AWS, Azure). Preferably a TOGAF certified. Experience with building and managing extranet site, intranet site, eCommerce and other customer facing device agnostic portals and applications. Worked on Commercial platforms like Salesforce.com, BigMachine, intelliquip, Marketo etc. or equivalent CRM, CPQ and marketing applications. Worked on SAP/ORACLE ERP and integration with commercial systems & platforms. Hands on experience in providing integrated solutions between eCommerce systems and marketing websites for unified customer experience in product navigation to product purchase. Business Acumen: Strong problem-solving abilities and capable of articulating specific technical topics or assignments. Experience in building scalable and highly available distributed systems. Expert in breaking down problems and estimate time for development tasks. Understand how our technology solves customer problems from a technology and business perspective. Leadership: Demonstrates clarity of thinking to work through limited information and vague problem definitions. Influences through others; builds direct and "behind the scenes" support for ideas. Proactively identifies and removes project obstacles or barriers on behalf of the team. Shares knowledge, power, and credit, establishing trust, credibility, and goodwill. Personal Attributes: Able to work under minimal supervision. Excellent communication skills and the ability to interface with senior leadership with confidence and clarity. Able to work well with global teams, including time-zone flexibility. Skilled in providing oversight and mentoring team members. Shows ability to effectively delegate work DTR About Us: GE is the world's Digital Industrial Company, transforming industry with software-defined machines and solutions that are connected, responsive and predictive. Through our people, leadership development, services, technology and scale, GE delivers better outcomes for global customers by speaking the language of industry. GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Locations: United States; Texas; Houston GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening.