Job Description Job title: Cyber Threat Analyst Duration : 6+ Months Work Location: Bellevue, WA 98008 Minimum years of experience: 8+ As the Cyber Threat Analyst you will be in charge of conducting threat analysis; understand the tactics, techniques and procedures of newest advanced threats from cybersecurity criminals, foreign intelligence entities, hactivists, or other nefarious actors. You will conduct assessments of the threats compared to the Co-ops cyber landscape, assess the level of cyber security risk, and recommend appropriate mitigation countermeasures. You will collect, process, analyze, and disseminate cyber threat assessments. The position will require working in a collaborative environment to provide predictive analysis to help lower cyber security risk to the Co-op. Duties will include: Perform security reviews and identify security gaps in security architecture resulting in recommendations for inclusion in the risk mitigation strategy. Perform cyber defense trend analysis and reporting. Perform security risk analysis (e.g., threat, vulnerability, and probability of occurrence) whenever an application or system undergoes a major change. Uses data collected from a variety of cyber defense tools (e.g., IDS alerts, firewalls, network traffic logs) to analyze the environment and understand events that occur for the purposes of mitigating threats. Participate in an information security risk assessment during the Security Assessment and Authorization process. Communicate the value of information security throughout all levels of the organization stakeholders. Develop threat model based on customer interviews and requirements. Develop/integrate cybersecurity designs for systems and networks with multilevel security requirements or requirements for the processing of multiple levels of data. Develop specific cybersecurity countermeasures and risk mitigation strategies for systems and/or applications. Document and address organization's information security, cybersecurity architecture, and systems security engineering requirements throughout the acquisition life cycle. Draft statements of preliminary or residual security risks for system operation. Education Qualification: Bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent required. Will also consider three year of relevant work experience in lieu of every year of education At least 8 years of experience with Information Security. Knowledge and Skills: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, math, or engineering, or equivalent training and experience 5+ years Knowledge of computer networking activity concepts and protocols, and network security methodologies. Knowledge of network protocols such as TCP/IP, Dynamic Host Configuration, DNS, and directory services. Knowledge of network design processes, to include understanding of security objectives, operational objectives, and trade-offs. Skill in assessing security controls based on cybersecurity principles and tenets. Skill in collecting data from a variety of cyber defense resources. Skill in evaluating the adequacy of security designs Qualifications null Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.