Job Description Join Intel's Silicon Photonics Product Division team as a Jnr Laser Designer. In this position you will aid the integration of semiconductor lasers with other silicon photonic components; including laser and test structure design, data analysis and validation. This is a highly collaborative role working across an interdisciplinary team of Design, Integration, Test, and Reliability engineers; and the successful candidate should have strong communication and presentation skills. They will also need to be self-motivated, creative, and have strong analytical and problem solving skills; with an ability to drive individual projects to success. Qualifications You should possess a M.S. or Ph.D. degree with equivalent experience in Electrical Engineering, Physics, Optical Science or related fields, and: 3+ years of hands-on experience in design, simulation, and characterization of semiconductor lasers. Experience could be obtained through your educational level research and/or relevant job/internship experiences. Additional qualifications include: Fundamental understanding of silicon photonics and its applications. Strong familiarity with data acquisition and analysis software tools such as LabView and Matlab. Familiarity with JMP or other statistical analysis software would be a plus Intel® Silicon Photonics Product Division (SPPD) is at the forefront of silicon photonics integration. Since announcing the world’s first hybrid silicon laser nearly a decade ago, our team continues to lead the industry with cutting-edge technology and efficient, scalable high-volume manufacturing. Our dedication to advanced development ensures that Intel Silicon Photonics continues to drive future data center bandwidth growth with smaller form factors and higher speeds, from 100G today to 400G and beyond tomorrow. We are looking for great talent to accelerate this journey, so if you are interested in joining our leading organization, then we want to hear from you! Inside this Business Group The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.