Bulk Receiver ( Job Number: R107427 ) Description JOB SUMMARY: Receives and processes all inbound freight, properly identifies merchandise to appropriate paperwork and computer data, and breaks down shipments into individual selling units. Also responsible for detailed checking-in of merchandise. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES & ACCOUNTABILITIES: Receives and processes all inbound freight, including proper identification of merchandise and the comparison to appropriate paperwork as well as computer data. Sorts packages by vendor and purchase order. Repalletizes freight as necessary for Putaway. Receives shipments into the Warehouse Computer System by identifying correct purchase order, item, quantity, and other item specifics as prompted by the computer system. If applicable, deliver paperwork and packing slip to the Control Desk. Takes appropriate products to Control Desk or Supervisor to be received immediately. Unloads trucks using power equipment. Participates in special projects and performs other duties as required. In addition to the essential duties and responsibilities listed above, all positions are also responsible for: Meeting company standards pertaining to quantity and quality of work performed on an ongoing basis, performing all work related tasks in a manner that is in compliance with all Company policies and procedures including WorldWide Business Standards. Adhering to Company policies, procedures, and directives regarding standards of workplace behavior in completing job duties and assignments. Qualifications Experience : Knowledge of basic warehousing operations preferred. Specialized Knowledge and Skills: Ability to pass machine driver safety training for all required equipment. Good reading, writing, math, and computer skills. Good communication (written/verbal) skills. Detail oriented and accountable for making accurate decisions under set guidelines. Good problem-solving skills. Ability to follow instructions, work under stress, and handle multiple assignments. Ability to read fine print and differentiate products with similar characteristics (size, color, vendor code). Other : High school diploma or equivalent preferred, or comparable work experience. __ _Henry Schein, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants or employees on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, disability that can be reasonably accommodated without undue hardship, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, citizenship, marital or veteran status, or any other legally protected status._ _For more information about career opportunities at Henry Schein, please visit our website at:_ _www.henryschein.com/careers_ _._ Primary Location : USA-TX-Grapevine