Job Description General Dynamics Information Technology will provide Information Assurance and cyber security services in support of the Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division Keyport A minimum of two years of experience preparing system accreditation documentation required by the Navy and/or DoD, evaluating security configurations of systems, and maintaining security configurations of production, development and test systems by applying and configuring security controls. Awarded and current certification(s) sufficient to be designated an Information Assurance Technician (IAT) Level II or higher in accordance with DoD 8570 requirements. Performs all procedures necessary to ensure the safety of information systems assets and to protect systems from intentional or inadvertent access or destruction. 1\. Performs Computer Security Incident Response activities for a large organization, coordinates with other government agencies to record and report incidents. 2\. Monitor and analyze Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) to identify security issues for remediation. 3\. Recognizes potential, successful, and unsuccessful intrusion attempts and compromises thorough reviews and analyses of relevant event detail and summary information. 4\. Evaluate firewall change requests and assess organizational risk. 5\. Communicates alerts to agencies regarding intrusions and compromises to their network infrastructure, applications and operating systems. 6\. Assists with implementation of counter-measures or mitigating controls. 7\. Ensures the integrity and protection of networks, systems, and applications by technical enforcement of organizational security policies, through monitoring of vulnerability scanning devices. 8\. Performs periodic and on-demand system audits and vulnerability assessments, including user accounts, application access, file system and external Web integrity scans to determine compliance. 9\. Prepares incident reports of analysis methodology and results. 10\. Maintains current knowledge of relevant technology as assigned. 11\. Participates in special projects as required. Education Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, professional training or work experience. Qualifications 2-5 years of related experience in data security administration. For more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology has served as a trusted provider of information technology, systems engineering, training and professional services to customers across federal, state, and local governments, and in the commercial sector. Over 40,000 GDIT professionals deliver enterprise solutions, manage mission-critical IT programs and provide mission support services worldwide. GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.