Employers Pro Advantage Inc. a Native Alaskan Women owned sdb specializing in the placement of highly skilled professionals in Accounting and Finance, IT/MIS and biomedical. Employers Pro Advantage Inc. has been in business since 1997 servicing New Mexico and the surrounding states with high results. We are currently seeking a Senior Analytics consultant for a large healthcare organization in Albuquerque, NM. Duties : Manage reporting/analytics/research solutions portfolios across the business units within the analytics organization. Perform advanced data research, management and analysis, prepare presentations to communicate results, and assist project leaders with development of solutions/tools. Serve as a subject matter expert in reporting/analytics area as needed driving all aspects of the initiative including identifying issues, forming hypotheses, planning and conducting interviews & analyses, synthesizing conclusions into recommendations and helping to implement the solution. Lead and manage several small to mid-size projects with cross functional teams as well as an individual contributor to implement, test and deploy the approved reporting/analytics solution in response to the business clinical, operational and financial needs. Responsible for mentoring consultants and analysts as well as creating and managing tactical work plan/ timelines for various reporting/analytics/research projects. Provide input to senior leadership in proactively identifying and forecasting future trends and needs in technology and analytical solutions from business stakeholders. Requirements: Bachelors degree in a quantitative, business, or healthcare related subject A Masters or a Ph.D. is highly preferred. Six or more years of combined experience in business intelligence, reporting, analytics and health services research. Demonstrated project management skills as well as the ability to efficiently work and manage teams and resources. Experience working on complex analytical projects with diverse teams and developing data driven and outcome based initiatives to improve business decision making and operational efficiencies. Knowledge of health plan and delivery system operations, health care informatics, and healthcare benefits and terminology (e.g., care management). Understanding of operations in the Health Care industry and a strong acumen of business processes, including operations, delivery models and revenue models. Understanding of program evaluation life cycle, predictive modeling, data mining, and clinical best practices preferred. Experience in financial modeling, value analysis, and other financial management. Experience in health system finance, strategic planning or decision support analytics preferred. Content knowledge related to program outcomes evaluation, BI tools (e.g., BO), data visualizations tools (e.g., Tableau), statistical software such as SAS and Modeling techniques, as well as general health service research and outcomes reporting/analytics. Working knowledge of healthcare industry and healthcare information standards such as HL7, LOINC, FHIR, ICD 9/10 and CPT codes, industry standard groupers (e.g., ETGs, DRGs, DCGs, etc.) as well as of health care delivery system processes. Excellent written and oral communications is a MUST. "