We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Statistician Investigator at the HealthPartners Institute, an organization within HealthPartners focused on improving health and well-being through research, education, and practice. This individual is responsible for helping to develop and support programs of research to improve health and well-being through designing specific projects for submission to external funding agencies, implementing research projects, conducting and interpreting statistical analyses, preparing research results for presentation to scientific/professional organizations and for publication in the scientific/professional literature, and helping shape the Institute’s research agenda. At HealthPartners, you’ll find a culture where we live our values of excellence, compassion, integrity and most importantly, partnership. By working together, we will improve health and well-being, create exceptional experiences for those we serve and make care and coverage more affordable. ACCOUNTABILITIES : Conceptualize and design experimental and observational studies to advance knowledge about health and health care delivery and collaborate on developing them into research proposals for external funding; Conduct and oversee statistical analysis Facilitate the development of research with Institute researchers and HealthPartners health care professionals by providing methodological and statistical consulting and serve on various HealthPartners committees and task forces; Disseminate research results through presentations and publication in peer-reviewed, public domain scientific and professional journals, books, etc.; Provide service to the scientific community through membership on scientific peer review groups and national boards; and consult with local, state, and national voluntary and governmental agencies. Participate in the ongoing development and maintenance of the Institute through assisting in development of Institute policy, providing technical services and consulting, participating in management teams, and helping to define and refine the Institute’s mission, goals, objectives, and future research agenda. Perform other duties as requested. REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS : Ph.D. in health services research, biostatistics, epidemiology or other quantitative filed Experience with advanced statistical methods Experience in the design and analysis of observational studies, randomized trials, pragmatic trials, comparative effectiveness studies Experience writing proposals for external funding and publications for peer-reviewed scholarly journals Excellent written and interpersonal skills. Excellent communication skills with non-technical colleagues Experience as a collaborator on externally-funded research Experience with applied statistical consultationExperience with SAS, STATA, R or other statistical software packages or languages PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS : 2+ years health care research experience. Career focus in research field evidenced by professional publications/presentations. HealthPartners is recognized nationally for providing outstanding care and experience for patients and members. We offer an excellent salary and benefits package. For more information and to apply go to www.healthpartners.com/careers and search for job ID 49493. For more information on HealthPartners Institute go to www.healthpartners.com/institute/research. Additional Information: We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.