Access Sciences is looking for experienced Enterprise Architects to work on a state government project in Austin, Texas. The project may run between 6 months to 2 years in length. This IT position requires a deep understanding of Enterprise Information Management (EIM) principles, capabilities, and practices. They need to have extensive experience and domain knowledge in the areas of Master Data Management, Reference Data, Data Quality, Metadata Management and Data Governance capabilities of EIM. _Access Sciences is_ _not_ _able to sponsor H1B Visas at this time._ The EIM Architect’s responsibilities may include: Providing subject-matter-expertise and management in Master Data Management and Data Quality Managing deliverables of the functional teams, such as, Technical Design Documents or Data Models Facilitating cross-functional discussions working groups Identifying, defining, and communicating success factors Supporting the development of scorecards to track performance of the Master Data Governance program Partnering with IT to integrate MDM solutions for analytics and/ or operational purposes Building business cases to support MDM efforts and adoption Performing training and/or outreach Performing other duties as assigned Candidates will have advanced/expert skill level (typically 10 or more years experience) with the following: EIM Principles: architecture, sourcing, ETL, data modeling, pipelines and connectors, integration hubs, data access (SOA, API, SQL), platforms (traditional servers, cloud, hybrid), database types (traditional, proprietary MPP). Experience and domain knowledge in the areas of Master Data Management, Reference Data, Data Quality, Metadata Management, and Data Governance capabilities. Managing Master Data Management and Data Governance deliverables of functional teams, such as Strategic plans/roadmaps, Frameworks, Technical Design Documents and/or Data Models. Establishing Data Governance and stewardship organizations, defining business policies and procedures for governance (quality, integrity, access and security, backup/archiving), and defining KPIs for measuring success, technical implementation. Building MDM and Data Governance business cases to support MDM efforts and adoption and supporting the development of scorecards to track adoption and performance of the Master Data Governance program. Facilitating cross-functional discussions with working groups and Identifying, defining, and communicating MDM and Data Governance success factors to technical teams, stakeholders and sponsors. Master Data Management, authoritative sources, update and security strategies and replication. Assessment and remediation of existing data, definition of quality and integrity rules, dependencies, ongoing testing (ETL, SQL, ad-hoc) reporting. Metadata Management experience including business definitions, business processing rules, data lineage. Master Data Management experience, with a good understanding of MDM full-lifecycle concepts/techniques. Candidates should have intermediate/managerial skill level (typically 4 or more years of experience) with the following: Healthcare or Insurance business domains Informatica Experience Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills at all levels. Strong proven ability to work successfully with technical and non-technical groups and manage multiple responsibilities Strong technical writing skills Other Special Requirements: Must be authorized to work in the United States Must sign a Data Use Agreement (DUA) as a condition of employment Face-to-face interview required