GENERAL DESCRIPTION Want to make an impact? Use your BI and data analytics skills in a more meaningful way? Our expectations? Understand our vision and apply your intellect to draw insights from our data, create dashboards, visualizations and business tools for use throughout Finance and across the organization. Finance is a microcosm within a larger organization where we value outcomes and skill, where you can take your hard earned knowledge and make outsized impacts across the enterprise. Do you want to use your advanced knowledge at an organization that places a high-value on work-life balance, great benefits and a family atmosphere? Join our fast paced Finance team that's what you'll get plus a whole lot more! We'll add in 12 – 15 paid holidays a year plus great retirement benefits. Most of all, you'll be making a positive difference in the lives of over 1.5 million Texas public education employees. This is an excellent opportunity for a driven go-getter to show their initiative and grow professionally in a great team atmosphere! Here at TRS, we don't just fill positions. We recruit the best and brightest, and we'd love to hear more about you! State Classification: (0654/Data Analyst V/B26/Exempt) ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES Business Information Analysis Defines, develops, and implements Financial data standards Identifies data gaps, errors, anomalies, inconsistencies, and redundancies by analyzing the content, structure, and relationships within data. Identifies and interprets data sources, patterns and trends and assesses data quality. Interprets and translates accounting and finance business needs into effective application and operational requirements to assist IT staff with implementation of finance and accounting system applications, software, and hardware. Develops automated solutions for monthly and annual reconciliations between the general ledger and sub-ledgers or Comptroller Statewide Financial Systems. Troubleshoots and resolves problems related to accounting and finance systems and applications. Performs analysis and maintenance of accounting systems to ensure compliance with federal and state laws and rules, and conformance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and Governmental Accounting Standards Board (GASB) statements. Reporting Consults with Financial staff and TRS management to identify financial information needs. Extracts and compiles data from multiple financial systems, including writing SQL queries and using various business information software applications (such as Workiva and PowerBI). Develops periodic and ad hoc reports, dashboards and visualizations to keep management informed and help with decision making. Coordinates between Information Technology and Financial staff to facilitate implementation of new applications and automation of reports, processes, and interfaces. Training and Technical Guidance Provides training and technical assistance to agency staff on the accounting system and financial information. Participates on finance related agency committees and special projects as assigned. May perform quality assurance and serve as a subject matter expert on data integrity, extraction, and compilation. Performs related work as assigned MINIMUM QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS/LICENSES AND CERTIFICATIONS Education: Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in Finance, Accounting, Business Administration, Information Technology or a related field. Experience: Six (6) years of full-time business analyst, systems analyst, financial analyst, accounting, financial reporting, or related experience. Three (3) years of business or data analysis experience. Two (2) years of finance, accounting or related experience. Experience with SQL and at least two business information tools such as Cognos, Microstrategy, OBIEE, Hyperion, Tableau, Business Objects, Pentaho, ProClarity, BIRST, QlikView/QlikSense, or PowerPivot/PowerQuery/PowerBI. Experience may be concurrent. Registration, Certification, or Licensure: None. _Preferred_ Qualifications Graduate degree in Finance, Accounting, Business Administration, Information Technology or a related field. Experience with PowerBI. Experience working with a star-schema data warehouse or other data analytic data structures such as Hive, Hadoop, SSAS, Snowflake, etc. Knowledge of R, Python or Matlab. Knowledge of State of Texas accounting and budgeting procedures, practices, and terminology. Veterans / Military Crosswalk: TRS is committed to maintaining a veteran-friendly workplace and attracting, developing and retaining military service members as employees. To assist in determining whether your military experience may relate to the minimum qualifications for this position, Military Occupational Specialty (MOS) codes from each branch of the armed forces have been assigned to each state classification title where applicable. Depending upon actual duties, the following fields may pertain to the minimum qualifications of this position. Candidates who meet the minimum qualifications for this position are highly encouraged to apply. U.S. Army Occupational Codes – Enlisted: 25B, 35F, 35G, 35L, 35M, 35X. Officer: 255A, 352N. U.S. Navy Ratings and Designators – Enlisted: CT, CTT, IT. Officer: 181X, 182X, 681X, 682X, 781X, 782X. U.S. Coast Guard Ratings – Enlisted: IS, IT. Officer: 22, 26, 030, C4I10, C4I11, ISM, MGT15. U.S. Marine Corps Occupational Fields – Enlisted: 0239, 6046, 6049. Officer: 8051, 8825, 8846, 8848, 8850. U.S. Air Force Specialty Codes – Enlisted: 1N0X1, 1N1X1, 1N4X1, 2R0X1, 3D0X1, 3D0X2, 3D0X4. Officer: 14NX, 61AX, 65FX, 65WX, 86P0. Please contact the TRS Human Resources Department or the TRS Veterans Liaison (Download PDF reader) with questions or for additional information. Additional Military Crosswalk information can be found at: http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx KNOWLEDGE SKILLS AND ABILITIES/PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS Knowledge of: Database modeling and data warehousing principles. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and/or Governmental Accounting Standards Board (GASB). Project management and system development life cycle concepts. Skill in: Analyzing detailed accounting system data, troubleshooting associated problems, and interpreting and applying applicable laws, policies, and procedures. Writing report queries, including an understanding of relational databases. Business process analysis. Completing detailed work with a high degree of accuracy. Planning, organizing, and prioritizing work assignments to manage a high-volume workload in a fast-paced and changing environment. Using a computer in a Windows environment with Microsoft Office word processing, spreadsheet, and other business software. Effective written and verbal communications, including explaining complex information to others in an understandable manner, and writing clear and precise policies, procedures, and training or other materials. Ability to: Establish and maintain harmonious working relationships with co-workers, agency staff, and external contacts. Work effectively in a professional team environment. Physical Requirements and/or Working Conditions Work is performed in a standard office environment and requires: normal cognitive abilities including the ability to learn, recall, and apply certain practices and policies; marginal or corrected visual and auditory requirements; constant use of personal computers, copiers, printers, and telephones; the ability to move about the office to access file cabinets and office machinery; frequent sitting and/or remaining in a stationary position; and the ability to work under deadlines, as a team member, and in direct contact with others. Workforce Expectations Must be able to: regularly, reliably, and punctually attend work; work extended hours as necessary; travel occasionally for work assignments and trainings; show flexibility and adaptability toward changes in assignments and work schedules; adhere to the agency's internal management policies and procedures; and exhibit work behaviors consistent with agency core values.