POSITION SUMMARY Aetna Consumer Health & Products mandate is to transform health and wellness via products that enable consumer engagement and best-in-class experience. This team is responsible for Aetna's digital transformation and all digital products; as well as the development and execution of the digital roadmap. A key part of the responsibility is to build an integrated platform that enables the delivery of products to drive engagement and revolutionize health and wellness. We want you to be apart of the team that will build this next generation platform. Leveraging your expertise in _Big Data, IoT, Native Cloud Engineering, Machine Learning_ or Current Architectural Patterns, you will join the product team that will deliver the platform that will disrupt the healthcare industry and improve the lives of hundreds of millions of people. _Aetna Digital is a highly energetic, highly collaborative team that operates as a startup within the Aetna Enterprise_. We want you to bring forward your talent and expertise to drive the change the is desperately needed within the healthcare industry. Come Join Aetna Digital! Aetna Digital is looking for a Lead Cloud Architect who will help lead the architecture and design of our health and wellness digital platform. In this role you will interface with engineering teams, product management, and business units to define and deliver robust, scalable and agile architectures in support of the rapidly growing portfolio of digital wellness capabilities. This platform will include massive big data capabilities and analytics, machine learning, and sophisticated decision logic that will power Aetna’s next generation digital health and wellness offerings. This role focusses on the architecture of the foundational cloud infrastructure, shared services, and DevOps processes and tooling that will underpin the next generation platform. This includes storage, compute, and networking for data intensive workloads and services deployed across multiple cloud providers and datacenter; building a multitenant-capable microservices offering that can support apps and services developed from various Aetna business units and outside partners; and a strong, forward-looking security architecture that can support healthcare workloads and HIPAA governed data for growing range of compliance standards. This role will require strategic thinking and vision, excellent coalition building skills, solid technical knowledge up and down the stack, outstanding communication skills. _Accountabilities_ In this role you will: Lead the architecture for a technical domain or initiative, working with multiple scrum teams, engineering managers and architects to deliver a well-architected, principled technology platform; Provide deep domain knowledge on the technical domain and a range of technologies within that technical area; Drive the creation of technical roadmaps and vision for the technology platform, in alignment with product vision, while working with Product Management to ensure that larger-scale feature roadmaps are aligned with the technical vision and roadmap; Build and nurture an effective architecture community of practice, and drive the definition of design principles and best practices across the technical platform; Mentor and manage technical architects; Guide and develop communication strategies for persuading executive stakeholders and driving adoption of architectural patterns and technology roadmaps; Support vendor management activities with key vendors such as cloud providers, and drive early adoption activities and vendor technology roadmap discussions; Management the relationship between Enterprise Architecture and Aetna Digital for services related to the technical domain; Facilitate technical training and learning opportunities for architects and engineers within the technical domain. _Technologies and Experience_ 10+ years of recent and related experience delivering infrastructure and systems engineering solutions; Deep knowledge of a wide breadth of infrastructure services on at least one major cloud platform (preferably AWS); Significant experience doing end-to-end architecture of highly available, fault tolerant systems; Experience delivering infrastructure solutions that meet HIPAA or similar compliance requirements, and deep insight into the enterprise security and compliance infrastructure needed to meet those requirements; Knowledge and experience with containers, microservices and microservice patterns, API gateways, and modern secrets management; Cloud networking patterns and services, such as load balancing, overlay networking, VPN and multi-datacenter networking; Experience architecting robust multi-cloud solutions; Understanding of and experience designing systems for security in depth, and the standard patterns, architectures and technologies needed to ensure security at all levels; Experience designing control plane services and control data flows, including monitoring and logging, traceability data, provisioning and deployment; Deep knowledge of DevOps tooling and principles, including infrastructure as code, immutable infrastructure, and continual integration, release and deployment patterns and practices; Vendor assessment and choice; Agile methods and practices, including scaled agile frameworks; Success persuading and influencing senior stakeholders on vendor choice and technical roadmaps; A proven track record of driving effective, secure and scalable architectures into production through leadership and collaboration. _Education:_ Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience; graduate degree in engineering or business strongly preferred. ADDITIONAL JOB INFORMATION Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come. We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence. Together we will empower people to live healthier lives. Aetna is an equal opportunity & affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard. Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position. Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.