Responsibilities: Exhibits the technical knowledge and ability to directfield work on assigned engagements from engagement planning to completion,including assuming responsibility for timely and accurate status reports,completion of work paper review including self-review, engagement follow-up ofopen items, monitoring of the completion of assigned tasks in a timely andefficient manner (e.g. engagement file completion, engagement binderclosing, completion of staff evaluations, etc.), and other similar items. Demonstrates appropriate leadership skills including, but not limited to,timely and accurate communicating with supervisors and staff personnel,identification of technical issues, identification of any staff issues and/orconcerns and other similar items. Self monitors accomplishments toward defined performance goals. Monitors workload to meet billable hour and realization expectations and toensure efficient scheduling of staff. Performs assigned tasks with enthusiasm and professionalism includingassisting with the internal and on-the-job training of staff members. Exhibits strong analytical ability and diligently performs assigned taskswith the highest degree of professionalism and integrity. Demonstrates respectful and professional behavior and communications toothers (internal and external). Exhibits excellent client service skills including the identification ofopportunities to provide additional services to clients and/or non-clients. Responsible for ensuring that engagement procedures comply with professionalrequirements and to identify engagement efficiencies. Exhibits excellent listening skills with internal personnel and clients. Begins to demonstrate the ability to research technical issues asappropriate. Maintains the required CPE for firm and licensing standards. Proactively informs engagement Manager/Associate Director/Director of statusof engagement and other pertinent aspects of engagement. Complies with professional and firm requirements (e.g. personnel manualrequirements, time entry procedures, audit quality control documentrequirements, etc.) including complying with confidentiality requirements (e.g.client information, proposal information, personnel information, job-relatedinformation, etc.). Maintains a continuing base knowledge of applicabletechnical requirements/regulations. Maintains a positive attitude and is receptive to constructive criticism. Demonstrates ethical behavior. Demonstrates the ability to learn through form and/or on-the-job training thetasks assigned and the ability to excel in such areas. Exhibits appropriate written communication skills. Identifies opportunities and recommends methods to improve service, workprocesses and financial performance, e.g. expense management. Demonstrates an ability to adjust to non-routine assignments and unexpectedsituations. Assists co-workers in the completion of tasks and assignments as requested bysupervisors, demonstrating team work skills. Demonstrates the ability to manage job pressure and demands while maintainingquality of life objectives. Performs other services as required. Skills, Education, and/or Experience Required: The successful candidate will meet the followingrequirements: Bachelor’s degree in ISDS, Accounting, Internal Audit or other specializationas approved by the Directors. CPA, CISA __ , CISSP or CIA certification is required. 3+ years of IT Audit experience, ideally in public accounting Internal control and/or project management experience preferred Must be highly organized and capable of performing multi-tasking in afast-paced environment. Must have the capability to professionally and appropriately communicate witha diverse group of individuals. Must be able to work within a diverse team and demonstrate excellentinterpersonal skills. Must exhibit a high degree of professionalism including the ability tomaintain the highest level of confidentiality. Must have a desire to learn and be flexible. Must have self-discipline to complete and finalize engagements and openitems. Must be computer literate with the capability of performing at anintermediate or advanced level with respect to the Microsoft Office Suite ofproducts or similar software applications. Must be able to demonstrate critical thinking skill capabilities. Must have effective leadership skills Must have appropriate technical knowledge. This position requires that the individual have a vehicle and be able to drive/commuteto client locations. Light to moderate levels of lifting, kneeling, bending, sitting and walkingis required. Lifting requirements will not typically exceed 25 pounds. This position averages approximately 25% - 30% overnight travel. This position requires the incumbent to be able to reach a client’slocation/P&N; office in a timely manner and to be on site at client and/orP&N; offices to perform job responsibilities. This position requires overtime and the capability of working at least a 50hour week based on the needs of the client.