As an Ad Ops Coordinator, you’ll work with multiple clients to implement digital advertising campaigns - all for some of the most recognized brands in the world. You will own client campaigns from initial setup to completion and beyond, while providing support and making recommendations throughout the life of the campaign. What does a great Ad Ops Coordinator do? Implement online media campaigns for clients through the company’s third party ad server and proprietary systems in a timely manner. Analyze results and generate status reports. Provide technical expertise to identify and resolve any issues with campaign tracking and/or reporting. Assist with enhancements and testing of proprietary systems. Ensure all launched campaigns continue to serve correctly. Maintain and build relationships with outside vendors, including but not limited to applicant tracking systems, 3rd party ad serving vendors and media vendors as well as TMP team members. Troubleshoot technical issues, including malfunctioning tags, ad creative, click-through URLs, and landing pages, etc. and correct problems with client advertising campaigns. Requirements for Consideration Bachelor’s Degree required. Knowledge of basic html editing; familiarity with Flash, JavaScript code and/or 3rd party ad tags. Experience with 3rd party ad servers such as Doubleclick/DFA or MediaMind/Eyeblaster a plus Exceptional communication skills (both written and verbal) and openness to providing feedback to help iterate the business. Extremely detail-oriented and organized with a high level of commitment and follow-through Strong interpersonal, customer service, organizational and problem-solving skills Strong Microsoft office skills, especially Microsoft Excel Ability to manage multiple priorities in an fast-paced, ever-changing environment Media planning background a plus Join the global leader in talent acquisition technologies that’s committed to finding new ways to leverage software, strategy and creative to enhance our clients’ employer brands – across every connection point. We’re looking for unconventional thinkers. Relentless collaborators. And ferocious innovators. Talented individuals who are ready to work towards solutions that transform the way employers and job seekers connect. _We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law._ _GDMetrics_