As part of the application process, a candidate account is required to log in and view application(s). Please be sure to check email regularly for information regarding our employment process. Profile Summary: The Solution Architect is accountable for proactively and holistically leading or supporting design/architecture activities that create deliverables that guide business models, people, process, organizational change, and technology investments in response to disruptive forces and toward achieving targeted business outcomes. The role focuses on business technology strategy and targeted business outcomes — clarifying strategic intentions; identifying business outcomes; exploring implications, impacts and risks; and addressing stakeholder questions. This role is responsible for facilitating the construction of business models, which may include business capabilities, functions and processes and organization design, as well as working collaboratively with business strategists, process owners and subject matter experts. Profile Description: Support business and technology innovation that drives the organization's top and bottom lines. Detail potential competitive threats from external challenges that are generally considered outside of your traditional realm of competition. Engage key business stakeholders to facilitate both strategy and innovation planning. Work with stakeholders involved in business technology strategy and innovation to develop an IT investment roadmap. Review the organization's business technology strategy and how the organization currently approaches innovation. Create deliverables that illustrate how to strategically move the business forward. Work with enterprise architecture to define a clear plan and governance for ensuring the business architecture work is in lock step with the other enterprise architecture viewpoints. Provide strategic consultation to assigned line-of-business (LOB) or business unit (BU) partners in defining or designing business capabilities, processes, functions and organizational structures, as well as in researching, identifying and internally marketing, selling and enabling technologies based on business and end-user requirements. Work on enterprise architecture development, including business architecture, information architecture, application portfolio and technical architecture. Facilitate agreement on organizational work models and processes to meet business requirements. Consult on business-facing programs and large projects, and maintain knowledge of their progress. Work with the enterprise program management office on reporting program and large project status, issues, risks and benefits. Seek ways to apply new technology to, and reuse existing technology for, business processes. Research and provide information on technical trends and competitors' practices relevant to assigned line-of-business (LOB) or business unit (BU) partners. Assess near-term needs, using structured interview processes, to establish business priorities. Consult with technical subject matter experts, and develop alternative technical solutions. Advise on options, risks, costs versus benefits, and impact on other business processes and system priorities. Work with other IT functional areas to remain apprised of program and large project status, and inform line-of-business (LOB) or business unit (BU partner management of progress. Conversely, keep IT's technology and service managers aware of key line-of-business (LOB) or business unit (BU) partner issues, identifying and resolving potential problems and conflicts. Knowledge & Experience: Bachelor's degree in business, computer science, information systems or related discipline, or equivalent and extensive related project experience. 3.5 years of progressive experience as data architect. 3-5 years of experience as a Data modeler 2-3 years of experience in Data warehousing experience 4+ years of business or IT experience with a direct responsibility for strategy formulation and/or translation, business analytics, and program management, application development , middleware, database management or operations. A good knowledge of operating systems A good knowledge of physical/cloud database design A good knowledge of Oracle, SQL Server and other Data base technologies . A good knowledge of Big Data and technologies. Experience and knowledge in migrating code, database changes, data and menus through the various stages of the development life cycle. A good knowledge of the way DBs enforces data integrity. A sound knowledge of both database and program code performance tuning A sound understanding of Financial services business with priority of Employee Benefits Sound communication skills with management, development teams, vendors, systems administrators and other related service providers CB LI-RM1 Critical Skills At Voya, we have identified the following critical skills which are key to success in our culture: Customer Focused: Passionate drive to delight our customers and offer unique solutions that deliver on their expectations. Critical Thinking: Thoughtful process of analyzing data and problem solving data to reach a well-reasoned solution. Team Mentality: Partnering effectively to drive our culture and execute on our common goals. Business Acumen: Appreciation and understanding of the financial services industry in order to make sound business decisions. Learning Agility: Openness to new ways of thinking and acquiring new skills to retain a competitive advantage. Learn more about Critical Skills .