Our Global Technology Infrastructure group is a team of innovators rewarded with innovators who love technology as much as you do. Together, you’ll use a disciplined, innovative and a business focused approach to develop a wide variety of high-quality products and solutions. You’ll work in a stable, resilient and secure operating environment where you—and the products you deliver—will thrive. As an experienced Software Engineer, your mission is to help lead our team of innovators and technologists toward creating next-level solutions that improve the way our business is run. Your deep knowledge of design, analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming will help your team raise their game, meeting your standards, as well as satisfying both business and functional requirements. Your expertise in various technology domains will be counted on to set strategic direction and solve complex and mission critical problems, internally and externally. Your quest to embracing leading- edge technologies and methodologies inspires your team to follow suit. And best of all, you’ll be able to harness massive amounts of brainpower through our global network of technologists from around the world. We are looking for someone who can be a full stack java developer and build an end to end application which includes: User interfaces Creating API’s and service layers Architecting and developing a data layer to persist information Distributed streaming and messaging layers As part of the Configuration Management and Automation Services (CMAS) team you will help deliver on the next generation of automation frameworks to be adopted by all technology teams that transforms how JP Morgan Chase approaches resiliency, operational efficiencies, and adoption of modern DevOps practices. In the role of Software Engineer, you will be responsible for: Developing applications end to end Analyzing, designing, and writing applications Developing tests and test-automation Collaborate cross functionality with infrastructure developers, support teams, and other software engineering teams Working with a team of software engineers and infrastructure developers to deliver automation frameworks that will be adopted by all technologists Provide recommendations for continuous improvements Qualifications for Software Engineer: BS/BA degree or equivalent experience Expertise in application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines Advanced knowledge of architecture, design and business processes Proficiency in modern programming languages Keen understanding of financial control and budget management Ability to work collaboratively in teams and develop meaningful relationships to achieve common goals Hands-on experience developing in Java frameworks such as AngularJS and Spring Boot Strong knowledge of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery Experience with Scrum/Agile development methodologies Capable of delivering on multiple competing priorities with little supervision Excellent verbal and written communication skills Computer Science or similar degree with experience in the following software/tools: Infrastructure automation technologies: Ansible, Puppet, Chef, etc. Build automation technologies: Maven, Jenkins, etc. Monitoring technologies: Nagios, Tivoli, SCOM, etc. Modern programming languages: Java, Python, etc. Building APIs and services using REST, SOAP, etc. Creating a distributed streaming or messaging layer using QPID, RabbitMQ, Kafka, etc. Scripting languages like Perl, Shell, etc. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you.