Senior Full Stack Developer 3 (JoinOCI-UDX) - 18000WUS Preferred Qualifications Oracle’s Cloud Infrastructure Group is Hiring Full Stack Software Engineers Oracle Public Cloud Infrastructure User Experience Group Seattle, WA Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Group (Seattle, WA) _The Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) team can provide you the opportunity to build and operate a suite of massive scale, integrated cloud services in a broadly distributed, multi-tenant cloud environment. OCI is committed to providing the best in cloud products that meet the needs of our customers who are tackling some of the world’s biggest challenges._ _We offer unique opportunities for smart, hands-on engineers with the expertise and passion to solve difficult problems in distributed highly available services and virtualized infrastructure. At every level, our engineers have a significant technical and business impact designing and building innovative new systems to power our customer’s business critical applications._ Oracle’s Cloud Infrastructure team is building new Infrastructure-as-a-Service technologies that operate at high scale in a broadly distributed multi-tenant cloud environment. Our customers run their businesses on our cloud, and our mission is to provide them with best-in-class compute, storage, networking, database, security, and an ever-expanding set of foundational cloud-based services. As a Senior Developer on the IaaS Platform team, you will be involved in all stages of product development, working with individuals from product management, design, documentation, engineering, and QA to help define, design, develop, and release the right products and features, for the right people, at the right time. From a technology perspective, this is a green-field development environment with a huge amount of autonomy, leaving us free to build and innovate without being encumbered by legacy products and services. We’re on a TypeScript, JavaScript, React and Redux stack, and communicate with other services via well-defined RESTful interfaces. We’re into imperative as well as functional programming, immutable data structures, one-way data flow, engineering best practices and keeping things simple. About You: You work backward, starting from the user. You care about creating usable, useful software that solves real problems and brings delight to users. You have solid communication skills. You can clearly explain complex technical concepts. You work well with non-engineers. You can lead a conversation in a room with designers, engineers, and product managers. You are comfortable with ambiguity. You have a strong sense of ownership, and are able to drive development of new projects and features to completion. You are comfortable working at all levels of the stack. Minimum Qualifications 5+ years of experience shipping software Proficient in at least one (preferably two) of the following languages: Java, C, Go, Rust, Scala, Ruby, Python, JavaScript, TypeScript, ClojureScript or another object-oriented language BS in Computer Science, or equivalent experience Ability to work in a collaborative, cross-functional team environment Strong grasp of Computer Science concepts (data structures, algorithms, and programming paradigms) Preferred Qualifications: Experience in a start-up environment Experience building rich, browser-based applications Experience designing, developing, and maintaining web services operating at great scale Experience in at least one of the following languages: Scala, F, OCaml, ML, Clojure, Erlang, Haskell, Rust, Common Lisp, JavaScript, or another functional programming or hybrid/FP-inspired language Strong grasp of Unix-like operating systems Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law. Detailed Description and Job Requirements Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will assist in defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, debugging or designing of software applications or operating systems. Provide technical leadership to other software developers. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture to meet changing needs. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.