A World-Changing Company At Palantir, we’re passionate about building software that solves problems. We partner with the most important institutions in the world to transform how they use data and technology. Our software has been used to stop terrorist attacks, discover new medicines, gain an edge in global financial markets, and more. If these types of projects excite you, we'd love for you to join us. The Role We build software that helps our customers answer their most critical questions: what is causing the products we manufacture to fail? Are our traders engaging in risky activity? Where did this strain of E. coli originate, and who else could it affect? As a Full Stack Developer, you architect the interfaces that our customers use to solve their biggest problems. The mission of a Full Stack Developer is to design and build capabilities that let users visualize and interact with their data to meet their analytical needs. To achieve that mission, Full Stack Developers are involved in all stages of the product development and deployment lifecycle: idea generation, user interviews, planning, design, prototyping, execution, shipping, and iteration. You might spend one day interviewing users to suss out the questions they need to ask of their data and the next brainstorming mockups with Product Designers. Then it's time to take on the hard technical problems: figuring out how to make it possible for a user to explore the full range of data, at vast scale, then dive deep to understand each data point at a granular level. Technologies We Use Core Palantir products provide the foundations for our deployments. Typescript and React are central to our front-end development. Blueprint as a re-useable frontend component library. A combination of open-source and internal technologies that suit the problems at hand. Industry-standard build tooling, including Gradle, Webpack, and Github. What We Value You are a strong front-end coder. Regardless of which frameworks you use or how you learned them, we’re looking for people who can write clean, effective code. You should already have proficiency in Javascript and an understanding of how web technologies work. You are passionate about building user interfaces that enable users to solve their problems. Strong engineering background, preferably in fields such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Software Engineering, Physics. Familiarity with data structures, storage systems, cloud infrastructure, front-end frameworks, and other technical tools. Understanding of how technical decisions impact the people who will use what you're building. Proficiency with programming languages such as Java, C++, Python, JavaScript, or similar languages. Ability to work effectively in teams of technical and non-technical individuals. Skill and comfort working in a rapidly changing environment with dynamic objectives and iteration with users. Demonstrated ability to learn continuously, work independently, and make decisions with minimal supervision. Palantir is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations@palantir.com.