Position Overview The Software Developer brings significant experience in the design and development of high reliability, high quality enterprise applications. In this role, the Software Developer will contribute to the concept, development and implementation of enterprise applications. The Developer will have strong and effective communications skills to coordinate across the team to meet very aggressive goals. These communication skills will be critical when partnering with other software team members (developers, UI/UX, research and development) to insure effective collaboration and delivery a highly reliable and functional application. The right candidate will write high quality, documented code. Candidate must display the ability to solve complex problems independently. The candidate must be motivated to drive projects to completion. Join us as we build a new department focused on revolutionizing the way things are done in our industry. We are performing cutting edge research and developing innovative tools to solve challenging problems. This role brings you the opportunity to firmly apply your stamp to our products, now and well into the future. Join us in creating amazing, beautiful and functional experiences. The Position Responsible for architecting and building applications ranging from prototypes to delivered products Will work cross-functionally to understand and address EcoSense needs Collaborates with product managers and designers to innovate and shape products as we develop exciting capabilities Work in a small team on game-changing products so you will need to be flexible, proactive and forward thinking Keep up to date with the state of the art technology help maintain our edge Ability and willingness to quickly adapt to new technologies The Person It is desired that the candidate has the following qualifications for the position: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or related field required 10+ years of developing across a broad range of technologies including Android, iOS, Java, C++ Exceptional written and verbal communication skills Basic understanding of control theory Experience developing applications to interface with external hardware via Bluetooth or others Familiarity with mesh networks Test Driven Development practices and write readable, maintainable code Strong communication skills Experience with service-oriented architecture or micro services Experience with AWS or other cloud technologies Possess a strong drive for results, with the ability to manage independently and take calculated risks Decisive, action-oriented, and able to motivate, and inspire Demonstrates a strong attention to detail, excellent organization skills, and ability to manage multiple projects and responsibilities on-time (and without the need for outside prompting) Ability and willingness to roll up sleeves and execute to get the job done Compensation A detailed and compelling compensation package will be outlined for the selected candidate. _All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, or covered veteran status. This position is not eligible for sponsorship._