We are now looking for a Deep Learning Performance Architect: NVIDIA is seeking extraordinary architects to develop processor and system architectures that accelerate machine learning, data analytics and high performance computing applications. This position offers the chance to create a significant impact in a dynamic, technology focused company. What you will be doing: As a member of our deep learning architecture team, you will craft system and processor architectures to extend the state of the art in deep learning efficiency and performance. Prototype key deep learning and data analytics algorithms and applications. Analyze trade-offs in performance, cost and power developing analytical models, simulators and test suites. Understand and analyze the interplay of hardware and software architectures on future algorithms, programming models and applications. Collaborate across the company to guide the direction of machine learning, working with software, research and product teams. What we need to see: You have a MS or PhD in relevant discipline (CS, EE, CE) with 3+ years of relevant work or research experience. Your resume includes a strong foundation in machine learning and deep learning fundamentals with an expertise in computer architecture. You have demonstrated fluency in programming languages such as Python, C, C++. Do you have experience and familiarity with GPU computing and parallel programming models? Experience with analytical performance modeling, profiling, and analysis. Intelligent machines powered by AI computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. Today, a self-driving car powered by artificial intelligence can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error. This is truly an extraordinary time. The era of AI has begun. Image recognition and speech recognition — GPU deep learning has provided the foundation for machines to learn, perceive, reason and solve problems. The GPU started out as the engine for simulating human imagination, conjuring up the amazing virtual worlds of video games and Hollywood films. Now, Nvidia’s GPU runs deep learning algorithms, simulating human intelligence, and acts as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Just as human creativity and intelligence are linked, computer graphics and artificial intelligence come together in our architecture. Two modes of the human brain, two modes of GPU. This may explain why Nvidia GPUs are used broadly for deep learning, and Nvidia is increasingly known as “the AI computing company.” Come and join our DL Architecture team, where you can help build the real- time, cost-effective computing platform driving our success in this exciting and quickly growing field. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning