Purpose & Overall Relevance for the Organization: This role will organize, facilitate, and make compelling and attractive internal networks of Subject Matter Experts across ZF in the different areas of analytics and data science such as: Predictive Maintenance; Intelligent Diagnostics; and Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. The role will be tightly interlinked to ZF’s division / function technical communities, closely partnering with technical leaders in CDO to create vibrant learning communities. The role will serve as a focal point for drawing technical people together through programming that is compelling, educational, and entertaining. Community Organizer: Serve as the advocate for shared learning and engagement in the different flavors of Data and Analytics across ZF. Identify the technical contributors, engage with them and create a compelling value for them to engage in the community. For external engagement: identify and attract world class experts to provide exciting educational opportunities to the ZF Analytics communities. Strong background, knowledge and understanding of technical career development, engaging with technical communities, and building compelling technical engagement programs. Community Management: Systematically maintain rosters, produce events, identify and invite speakers. Identify and develop internal ambassadors to attract all data science technical contributors at ZF to participate. Coach young community members on presentation skills and shepherd them towards independent presentations. Serve as a cheer leader and booster for the communities. Manage and Oversee Data Science Communities Events: Plan and produce face to face meetings, webinars, seminars, speaker series, and other events that draw the community together. Collaborate with the IoT Platform team to create joint events to educate the communities on the latest capabilities of the platform and how to leverage it to accelerate the delivery of business results. Manage the Transformational Change: Foster company-wide commitment for Data Science Communities as part of the digital strategy and prioritize education opportunities per the company needs, and align it with the overall strategy of the company. Act as the ambassador within the company for Digital transformation Act as a spokesperson in the external community helping ZF positioning as a Digital leader, attracting highly talented external speakers. Key Responsibilities: Relationship management with Divisions/Functions technical leaders to ensure buy in to internal community opportunities. Assure no conflicts with external monetization opportunities. Coordination work and relevant communication with other cross functional community development and communications teams within the broader ZF organization (IT, R&D, …) to deliver a seamless overall community building experience. Act as the change agent in building credibility for the Digital organization by consistently delivering to stakeholder expectations Work with the internal teams (Digital Labs, Digital Factory, …) to maximize synergy. Facilitate and manage necessary self-organizing community teams to successfully deliver the stated objectives for their projects Use appropriate and effective communication methods to engage and manage stakeholder expectations. Authorities: Engagement with technical leaders and contributors across ZF Business Relationship Management Life cycle ownership for Data Science communities Responsibility for realizing the stated objectives for Data Science communities building Key Relationships: Divisional / Functional Technical leaders and contributors Data Science experts and Champions within Divisions/Functions Data Science Project teams within the ZF Digital Organization External subject matter experts Cross Functional Coordination with IT, R&D ~cb~ Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer M/F/Disability/Veteran Job Requirements Education Requirements A degree from an accredited college or university is required; an advanced degree or equivalent standing is a plus Experience and Skill Requirements Demonstrated experience building fun, compelling, and lively technical communities Passion for technology with the requisite entrepreneurial spirt A builder, not just a refiner, who is versatile and agile in an evolving environment Minimum of 5-10 years of experience in technical community building and communications Strong managing, organizing and evaluating skills with a track record of developing and implementing communities technical people want to join Demonstrated capability to communicate orally and visually, to team members and outside partners in the technology ecosystem Ability to impact outcomes via influence versus authority Effective negotiation and influencing skills, including strong written and verbal communication and strong presentation abilities Develops loyalty and commitment in others by articulating an appealing vision for the future, communicating high expectations and opportunities A player/coach who is focused on mentorship and development Can “work the matrix” and gain credibility quickly with internal and external constituents Creative and organized problem solver who is passionate about driving excitement and engagement through technology Strategic mind-set Inspires heartfelt engagement, a collaborator with the ability to influence and build consensus Consistently achieves results, even under tough circumstances Clear and efficient communicator Leader and collegial team player with strong interpersonal skills balancing low ego with management capabilities