The Information Security Operations Analyst is a member of the Information Risk and Security team. This individual will work closely with people throughout the business as well as across technology teams to develop security operations practices, review security reports, respond to system alerts and coordinate security incident response activities. The ideal candidate has a practical understanding of how technologies and processes operate across the technology stack (servers, networking, database, programming and business process), and is able to work in a highly collaborative team environment. Responsibilities: Work with information security leadership to develop security operational strategies and plans in support of corporate information security policies. Develop security metrics, operational reports, and notification alerts. Identify alert thresholds and develop response procedures. Perform daily security checks and review event logs. Report on the effectiveness of current tools and make recommendations for upgrades. Work with technology teams to address issues identified via metrics, reports, and alerts. Identify operational security issues within the environment and evaluate risk based on enterprise risk framework. Work with Security and Infrastructure Architects to address issues related to underlying design. Design security controls in support of the security risk management framework. Drive new security related operational projects and collaborate on other business and technology projects. Produce reports for management concerning vulnerabilities and other security exposures, including misuse of information assets and noncompliance. Play an advisory role in system acquisition projects to assess security requirements and controls and to ensure that security controls are implemented as planned. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, management information systems or equivalent work experience preferably in the financial services industry. Minimum of five years of experience in system security operations or related position. Experience with developing reports and alerts for various monitoring, reporting, and SEIM tools. Hands-on experience with security tools. Ability to extract and quickly analyze large sets of raw text log files. In-depth knowledge and understanding of information risk concepts and principles as a means of relating business needs to security controls. Strong customer/client focus, with the ability to manage expectations appropriately, to provide a superior customer/client experience and build long-term relationships. Strong written and verbal communication skills particularly with regards to explaining complex security concepts to non-technical audiences. Ability to interact with Dimensional’s personnel at all levels and across all business units. Knowledge of the fundamentals of project management, and experience creating project plans, forecasting resource utilization and managing project execution. It is the policy of the Company to provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. The Company does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, ancestry, medical condition, marital status, covered veteran status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, or any other protected status. This policy applies to all areas of employment including recruitment, hiring, training, job assignment, promotion, compensation, benefits, transfer, discipline, termination, and social and recreational programs.