NorthShore Resources has a contract opportunity for a Data Engineer with our client in Minnetonka, MN. Our client is looking for a Data Engineer to build an internally facing client-focused dashboard to improve the company’s ability to monitor metrics and identify clients that need attention. The ideal candidate will have experience with Java, Elasticsearch, Kibana, Grafana and/or SQL. MUST HAVE SKILLS/EXPERIENCE Experience in Web Development Experience with PHP Experience with cloud computing technologies and multi data center clusters Familiarity with system monitoring tools, and proficiency in automation and scripting Knowledge and experience working with Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) SKILLS/EXPERIENCE Experience with languages such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, XML, XSLT, AJAX, JSON, JSP Experience with Java, Elasticsearch, Kibana, Grafana, SQL Strong technical aptitude, including applicable engineering tools and systems Ability to perform duties independently with general supervision Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills Ability to multitask on competing priorities RESPONSIBILITIES Code, document, and implement Monitoring dashboard web application. Connect data feeds to dashboard. Ensure data is accurately feeding the dashboard and is flowing through client and site levels as desired. Maintain different versions for non-production/production deployment. Work with the Monitoring team to identify and include ideal metrics for reporting. Link Dashboard to supporting diagnostic information. Test and debug production quality software while meeting implementation deadlines. Use company's standard tools to monitor production environments. Implement fixes to production issues and identify root cause. Proactively identify performance issues and create and implement solutions. Evaluate new technologies in market place and see the fit for technology gaps in current practices. Conduct Proof of Concept (POC) of new technologies to understand the capabilities and implications of deployment of technologies. _Why work for NorthShore Resources?_ _NorthShore Resources is a Minneapolis-based IT consulting firm, who’s focus is to provide superior quality and unparalleled customer service in all aspects of our business. We offer great local jobs to local people, allowing us to build solid, long-term relationships with our clients and consultants._ _While working as a consultant for NorthShore Resources, you’ll receive benefits such as medical, dental, and 401(k) with company matching. You’ll also receive one of the best benefits an employer can offer – support! Our staff is here to help you every step of the way, ensuring that all of your questions are answered and that you’re placed on a path to success._ _If you have questions throughout your application process, you may contact us at gethired@gonorthshore.com._