Albertsons-Safeway Company is one of the largest food and drug retailers with 2,300+ stores. The Albertsons-Safeway family of brands includes some of the most prominent brands in food retailing, with a growing base of loyal shoppers. Thanks to the professionalism, diversity, spirit and friendliness of our people, we have locations across the U.S. The Information Technology Department has an opening for a Java EE full-stack Developer in the Digital Innovation team. Our toolbox includes stuff like Java EE, Play Framework, Cassandra, Oracle, WebLogic, AZURE cloud, OKTA, GIT, Angular, React, GIT, SVN, Jenkins between cloud and on-prem environments. This position is in Pleasanton, California and for some periods in San Francisco, California as we work with our partners at Pivotal Labs. Position Purpose The Digital Innovations team provides cutting edge solutions to experiment with unproven business ideas and technology solutions. The right candidate will be part of a fast moving and highly visible team and will have the opportunity to create industry leading solutions. Key Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: An expert in building digital solutions and comfortable with all layers of the application stack. Eager to learn new technology and business solutions. Self-motivated and engaged in the entire product cycle starting from inception to support and maintenance. Always practicing self-development to remain updated with the latest and greatest in the market. Open to learning and facilitating the implementation and adoption of new frameworks, tools and technologies. Provide guidance on the future direction of Digital technology usage Work closely with the business team in understanding and implementing the optimum solution. Be a mentor to others within and outside the team. Work with onsite and offshore vendors on key project deliverables. Qualifications: _Required_ : Minimum 8+ years of hands-on experience in developing software applications using Java EE Minimum 2+ years of experience with cloud platform services and application development using Microsoft Azure OR AWS. Extensive experience with Web-Services(SOAP/RESTful) web service or micro services using Spring or Spring Boot Extensive experience with messaging frameworks like JMS, MQ, Kafka, RabbitMQ Extensive experience with processing XML/JSON data, Ajax Experienced with analyzing and tuning code/application performance under High volume/High availability environments. Experienced with database design, writing and tuning queries. Experience with Linux/UNIX systems and the best practices for deploying applications to those stacks Knowledge various front-end technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript and popular JS frameworks. Creative problem solver. Experience with Agile development methodology. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to translate business requirements into working solutions. Results oriented with an ability to work in team and individual contributor work environments. Strong organization and interpersonal skills and a customer focused attitude. Experienced in developing and designing solutions for high traffic/high volume in consumer facing industry domains. _Desired_ : Preferred experience with NoSQL databases like Cassandra, Mongo db. etc. is a plus. Experience with cloud services (AWS, Azure, etc.). Familiarity and experience with private/hybrid cloud Technologies Knowledge of the operating models for private cloud, IaaS, and PaaS technologies Experience with automation Familiarity with continuous integration and delivery. How to Apply: Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume by visiting careersatsafeway.com Diversity is fundamental at Albertsons-Safeway. We foster an inclusive working environment where the different strengths and perspectives of each employee is both recognized and valued. We believe that building successful relationships with our customers and our communities is only possible through the diversity of our people. A diverse workforce leads to better teamwork and creative thinking, as well as mutual understanding and respect _._ The Albertsons-Safeway policy is to provide employment, training, compensation, promotion and other conditions of employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, medical condition, marital status or any other legally protected status. We support a drug-free workplace - all applicants offered a position are required to pass a pre-employment drug test before they are hired. AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER