A Career with Point72’s Analytics team At Point72, our Data Scientists sift through petabytes of unstructured data from diverse sources to discover trends and insights that help Point72’s Portfolio Managers create new investment theses. We combine an experiment- based approach with the strongest possible management support and the freedom to innovate unencumbered by bureaucracy. We encourage our Data Scientists to imagine the impossible, and provide the structure to bring those ideas to market in months, not years. What you’ll do Platform Engineers build solutions for processing big and unstructured data sets at Point72. Our team works closely with portfolio managers and data scientists to understand the potential business value of data sets and ultimately build data processing pipelines around those data sources. In this role, you will: Develop big data processing pipelines for new data sources containing structured and unstructured data Build platform infrastructure using Hadoop technologies Build and support visualization and exploration capabilities around our big data sets Maintain knowledge of new technology developments and conduct proof of concepts to evaluate new technologies What’s required We want you to join us if you have extensive experience or demonstrated interest in big data technologies. Other requirements include: Commitment to the highest ethical standards Strong experience in Java or Python Development Experience with Hadoop or other big data platforms Ability to devise novel and innovative solutions to challenges We take care of our people We invest in our people, their careers, their health, and their well-being. We want you to concentrate on success and leave the rest to us. When you work here, we provide: Fully-paid health care benefits Generous parental and family leave policies Mental and physical wellness programs Tuition assistance A 401(k) savings program with an employer match and more About Point72 Point72 is a global asset management firm led by Steven Cohen that uses Discretionary Long/Short, Macro, and Systematic strategies to invest in eight offices across the globe. We look for people who want to build a career with us – people who want to innovate, experiment, and be the best at what they do – while adhering to the highest ethical standards.