Company Overview At Proofpoint, we have a passion for protecting people, data, and brands from today’s advanced threats and compliance risks. We hire the best people in the business to: Build and enhance our proven security platform Blend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architecture Analyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intel Collaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges We are singularly devoted to helping our customers protect what matters most. That’s why we’re a leader in next- generation cybersecurity—and why more than half of the Fortune 100 trust us as a security partner. The Role The Proofpoint Technical Training organization educates customers, partners, and Proofpoint employees globally on Proofpoint products, solutions, and best practices. We are seeking a talented and experienced technical course developer to design and develop Proofpoint’s technical curriculum for these target audiences. The courseware is highly technical, covering Proofpoint’s Email security and advanced threat protection solutions reinforced with practical, real world hands-on lab exercises. This position will need to have a strong global background working closely with internal and external customers and guaranteeing high customer satisfaction. Your day-to-day Capture course requirement information from internal and external technical audiences and key stakeholders. Design, develop and deliver Instructor Led Training (ILT), Virtual Instructor-Led Training (VILT), Web-Based Training (WBT), and Mobile Learning content for diverse users of the Proofpoint family of enterprise protection and advanced threat protection products. Proofpoint courses are designed to teach installation, configuration, integration, management, troubleshooting, and maintenance for the entire Proofpoint product portfolio. Design and help support in-depth technical labs and lab environments tailored to help customers use Proofpoint products. Work independently and with a team of curriculum developers and technical trainers. Quickly learn complex technologies and tools and immediately "hit the ground running" in course development of technical training material. Approximately 90% of the position will be designing and developing technical curriculum; tasks include requirements gathering, research, experimentation and technical documentation evaluation. Ensure courses being developed are in-line with group and company short and long-term plans that translates to training plans, course design documents, and course descriptions. Design and develop comprehensive technical courseware that includes (presentation slides, application examples, and lab exercises). Design and facilitate lab environments and lab procedures as required. Attend TOIs and other product training and learn Proofpoint products from pre-release stage. Work with product development and engineering teams. Incorporate peer feedback to improve new or developed courses. Write and review certification exam questions and provide feedback. Follow team curriculum development processes and procedures. What you bring to the team In-depth technical knowledge of at least three of the following technologies: secure messaging, data security or another cyber-security related field Well versed in enterprise email solutions such as Exchange or Lotus Domino or expert level knowledge of SMTP You have worked with or understand Directory Services You understand networking and the most common protocols; SMTP, LDAP, HTTP, etc. 5+ years of technical training and/or courseware development experience in IT, Networking, or Telecommunications industries. People with equivalent experience that includes technical writing and communication skills will also be considered. Excellent inter-personal, written and verbal communication and documentation skills. Industry and vendor certifications in the listed technologies are a plus. Why Proofpoint As a customer focused and driven-to-win organization with leading edge products, there are many exciting reasons to join the Proofpoint team. We believe in hiring the best the brightest and cultivating a culture of collaboration and appreciation. As we continue to grow and expand globally, we understand that hiring the right people and treating them well is key to our success! We are a multi-national company with locations in 10 countries, with each location contributing to Proofpoint’s amazing culture! LI-SW1