The Role We’re looking for a Full Stack Developer who will take a key role on our team. Our Full Stack developer must have knowledge in all stages of software development with a focus on a pure JS stack. You’ll be working alongside other engineers and developers, collaborating on the various layers of the infrastructure for our AR platform, advertising platform, and 3D asset management platform. Responsibilities Aid in design of our overall architecture for our various software products. Maintain quality and ensure responsiveness of applications. Collaborate with the rest of the engineering team to design and launch new features. Maintain code integrity and organization leaving code in better shape than before. Experience working with graphic designers and converting designs to visual elements. Understanding and implementation of security and data protection. Highly experienced with back-end programming languages, NodeJS preferred. Development experience for both mobile and desktop. Work with non-technical teams as well as technical terms in a solutions oriented manner. Maintain and build data pipelines and assist in ad-hoc data reporting requests. Experience & Skills Requirements 2+ years experience in vanilla JavaScript without a framework (ES6 experience a plus) Solid understanding of CS fundamentals such as data types, inheritance, OO vs. functional programming, control structures, HTTP, etc. 2+ years experience working with Node.JS Solid understanding of databases, both relational and NoSQL 1+ years experience working with React+Redux, HyperApp, Mithril or similar frameworks Solid understanding of HTML5, CSS3, layouts and UI/UX Experience with 3D and frameworks such as Three.js a plus AWS experience a plus WebXR, ARKit or ARCore experience a plus DevOps and Linux experience a plus (Not afraid to work with CLI and a terminal) Ability to communicate clearly to non-technical employees while participating in a friendly, team environment Benefits & Perks Office is a 5-minute walk from the beach. Coffee, espresso, La Croix, and lots of snacks! Catered lunches delivered twice weekly at no cost to staff. Close to Third Street Promenade and downtown Santa Monica Metro Expo Line. Bi-weekly happy hour.