Responsible for assessing new technologies and developing new services for Ensono’s AWS managed clients as well as lifecycle management of existing services and technologies. Ensono’s Hyperscale Cloud (HSC) division is entirely focused on the delivery, architecture, and automation required to run mission-critical applications on Amazon Web Services (AWS). Day to day you will be keeping up to date with what’s new in (and around) AWS and working with Product management and Engineering teams to assess new technologies and develop new services for Ensono’s AWS managed clients, while providing lifecycle management of existing services and technologies. You will be working on a variety of projects and solutions for household names using the latest technology including: Terraform, Ansible, Datadog, Bitbucket etc. A passion for AWS, client service, and automation is a must. Key Responsibilities: Act as the lead engineer assessing new technologies Work with Product Management team to develop new managed services Work with Engineering teams to assess and onboard new AWS technologies Lifecycle management of existing services and products Training other teams on new services and technologies Ensure high quality documentation is created and maintained Provide AWS subject matter expertise advice and assistance to pre-sales architects Ability and willingness to proactively improve ways of working and processes Proactively keep up to date on AWS services and developments Qualifications: 10+ years’ experience in supporting highly customer-focused mission critical environments (e.g. high-profile internet based applications or enterprise infrastructure) is essential. 2+ years’ experience of engineering, architecting, or supporting AWS solutions. Excellent Linux knowledge – RHCE or equivalent level of knowledge. Experience of implementing and supporting AWS based instances and services (e.g. EC2, S3, EBS, ELB, RDS, IAM, Route53, Cloudfront, Elasticache). Experience of building and maintaining scalable and auto-scaled environments using automation and configuration management tools (e.g. Cloudformation/Terraform and Ansible/Puppet) beneficial or can be gained. Ability to work on multiple challenging projects in parallel Scripting ability in Bash/Perl with Python useful. Experience of using Git for version control useful Knowledge of ECS and/or Docker containers useful Experience of Continuous Integration/CD pipelines and technology advantageous Windows experience/knowledge useful or can be gained. Good knowledge of TCP/IP. A degree in a computing-related discipline or equivalent ability and knowledge. Hold a number of current AWS Associate Level Certification, ideally including AWS Pro Architect. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Experience working in an ITIL environment beneficial. Desire to continually grow, develop and improve. Travel: < 5% Primary Location City/State: Downers Grove - Finley, Illinois Additional Locations (if applicable): Ensono is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Ensono provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, sex, sexual orientation _,_ gender identity, national origin, color, age, religion, protected veteran or disability status _,_ or genetic information.