HR Manager – Growth & Ecosystems The Cloud & Artificial Intelligence (C&AI) HR team is currently seeking an HR Manager to help support the Growth & Ecosystems (G&E) organization within the Cloud and Enterprise Division. Growth and Ecosystems is a new organization who’s charter is to drive growth, adoption, consumption and usage of the Azure platform. This is an opportunity to get in on the ground floor to shape the organization agenda and develop the HR team supporting the business. The ideal candidate for this role is someone who likes to turn ideas into reality and deliver substantive business impact. Strength in building trusted relationships with leaders, and the ability to leverage those relationship to diagnose and coach leaders on team, organization, and their own effectiveness is highly desired. Experience in Program and Project Management to ensure delivery improvement of client-ready solutions, including initiatives geared at diversity & inclusion, manager capability and excellence, and leadership effectiveness is ideal for this position. This role is ideally suited for an HR professional with a desire to grow. You will get transparent exposure to the context of the business, decision making processes, and priority setting. You will receive regular coaching and feedback on your development including direct commentary on your blockers and on how to use your strengths more effectively. And you will work across the business and be engaged in projects across the C&E organization to broaden your exposure and impact. About the Organization At Microsoft, our mission is to _empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more_. Today, we live in a mobile-first, cloud-first world, and the transformation we are driving across our businesses is designed to enable Microsoft and our customers to thrive in this world. The Cloud and Artificial Intelligence group is leading the way to enable Microsoft’s Cloud-First/Mobile-First strategy, and to transform both the industry and enterprise computing by creating the Intelligent Cloud. The role of the Growth & Ecosystems (G&E) org is to 1.) to attract more developers, enterprises, partners, and ISVs into our ecosystem, and 2.) to make sure they are successful so they continue to do more with us. While the two are intertwined, they represent distinct focus areas. “Growth and Adoption” covers our efforts to attract more participants to our ecosystem. We drive “Consumption and Usage” by reducing complexity to provide a more seamless experience for customers, and also by leveraging our data and analytics capabilities to provide customers with the right resources at the right time. In this way, we empower them to manage their cloud usage comprehensively and economically. The organization is comprised of several teams across multiple disciplines. The engineering teams focus on modernizing our billing platform and developing great online content (docs, demos, videos, code) for our customers and partners. The data science teams work across C+E to understand our customers usage patterns and create insights for the engineering teams who build the services. And we have evangelism teams who develop and execute on key programs (start-ups, students, ImagineCup, meetups and more) designed to reach and build relationships with key communities. The organization has gone through many changes in the last 12 months; having been defined by the coming together of several established teams and a few newly formed focus areas. Exciting work lies ahead for the organization as its charter continues to deepen and the organization takes shape. This is a great time to join the team and help shape the outcomes for the organization. Responsibilities HR Management at Microsoft As a line HR Manager at Microsoft, you'll be doing dynamic work including: Influencing cultural evolution through talent acquisition, rewards systems, employee engagement, leadership development, talent diversity, and creating an inclusive environment Providing coaching to business leaders and working to improve effectiveness of leadership teams Growing your HR and business understanding as you partner with leaders on varying team/business needs, pace and configurations (acquired employees, newly established teams, teams going through change) Partnering across all HR disciplines/functions to effectively manage and deliver HR Programs in a complex and matrixed business environment Providing stellar communication, collaboration, project management, computer, and presentation skills. Expanding your analytical skills to form hypotheses, draw insights, form narratives, prioritize, and influence decisions. Applying your experience working on diversity and inclusion initiatives Qualifications Education and Experience BS/BA degree is required. MBA or MA in HR-related field, is preferred. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.