What You'll Do Supply Chain Product Ops Product Data Team (PDT) is in the process of digital transformation. We are in the journey of transitioning Products and Services configuration to automation and partner self-services. As part of the PDT, you will be responsible for enable products and service configuration for orderability in the Cisco ordering tools. More specifically, you will Drive NPI configuration service delivery to enable Cisco products and services orderable in Cisco ordering tools. Lead the partner engagement on gathering the business requirement and lead the expectation Lead the issues related to the configuration setup Identify the process and tools improvement ideas, and convert them into action items to execute Lead the managed services to scale the service delivery Who You'll Work With When you work with us, you'll work with major partners, including but not limited: Cisco engineering teams, Customers experience teams, Supply Chain PLMs Offer Lifecycle Enablement Customer Partner Services Operation Capabilities teams, and IT function. Who You Are The Analyst is a self-motivated fast learner, who can lead the partners expectations, and deliver high quality configuration services with multi- functional teams. The analyst also needs to understand the configuration data flow in the ordering tools and systems, be able to identify root causes and critical issues, and propose improvement on the process and tool capabilities. You should Have a deep understanding of Cisco Business fundamentals and confirmed experience of working with cross functional team Be high energy, highly motivated, and a self starter Work independently and be a rapid learner, able to move fast and adapt to changing pace Be able to identify root causes of any configuration issues At minimum, we require: Degree in Engineering required, MS or MBA a plus. Strong technical background. 3-5 years experience in a manufacturing test environment ideal; can relate to processes and products. Excellent written and oral interpersonal skills and ability to work with remote teams. Phenomenal MS Excel and PowerPoint skills. Good presentation skills. Why Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to craft the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with rare personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. We are leaders with vision, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers. We Are Cisco. Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and you will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, all applicants who meet qualifications with arrest and conviction records.