We are a family of Fjordians. Our living culture and borderless playground provide us with space to thrive, following simple core values that inform everything we do. Be adventurous. Bring a vision. Make an impact. Rely on empathy. Nurture collaboration. Stay transparent. Be bold and generous in all you do. Thanks to a unique partnership with Accenture, we’re able to do work that changes the world, and we’re always looking for kindred spirits. Data Design strives to create dynamic and engaging data experiences for humans and machines which enable substantive action and meaningful change. We leverage a combination of user-centered thinking and data-driven methods to create cross-disciplinary solutions spanning every industry. Data Designers create the essential pieces for these solutions, be it beautiful bespoke data visualizations or thoughtful user experiences. Data Design at Fjord breaks down the walls between design and engineering to synthesize data solutions that improve the human experience. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: As a team, we: Unlock the power of data for clients by evaluating and building solutions through a holistic design-driven lens. Must be flexible and deep in our understanding of both technical and design fields and how they interact. Are hungry to learn about fields and modes of thinking that are unfamiliar and exciting so that we can deliver not only proven but also innovative answers for our clients. As a Data Designer, you: Design with and leverage data to enhance human experiences at work and in life. Understand Data Design as a series of disciplines and a practice. Synthesize materials and construct meaningful data stories to ground the design work in the client’s measurable reality. Communicate and share interests, data, and analytical insights with the project team to broaden their own perspectives of their work. Research and communicate insightful, fresh messages for our clients and colleagues such that you establish trust and contribute to thought leadership. Support new business development efforts by providing expert information in pitch efforts and client meetings. Attend studio and community events and workshops. Working together, we will: Change the way that our clients view and use data and the role that data plays in everyday life. Push each other out of our comfort zone, to continuously learn, practice, and evolve Data Design. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Your experience: 3-5 years of technology of design experience. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Set yourself apart: Experience with some of the following: Microsoft Office, Adobe Creative Suite, Sketch, InVision, Axure, Confluence, JIRA, and the ability to learn how to use new tools in real time. Working knowledge of the Data Design landscape, including but not limited to data intelligence, instrumentation, organizational integration, data storytelling, design thinking, culture change, coaching, data valuation, and product management. Experience with the following programming languages and packages (or similar): JavaScript (React, D3, Node), Python, Scala, R, Matlab, HTML and CSS through the most recent version. Experience with the following tools (or similar): Git, AWS, GCP, SQL. Familiar with distributed data storage technologies (or similar): Spark, Hadoop, Postgres, and Cassandra. Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent experience in Data Design. 1-2 years of big data, analytics, or data visualization experience; prior consultancy experience 2-3 years of development or strategy experience; preferred. _Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture._ _Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration._ _Accenture is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities._ _Equal Employment Opportunity_ _All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law._ _Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process._ _Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women._ To apply Please note: In proceeding you will be redirected to the careers site of Accenture in order to complete your application. Accenture has extended its digital offerings to encompass Fjord’s service design expertise. The opportunities this offers in terms of project scope and career development simply makes for an even more exciting and rewarding place to work! Apply for this position