SEPTA is currently recruiting a Deputy Chief Information Officer for our Philadelphia headquarters. This is a key leadership in our Information Technology department. Salary range: $114,426 - $143,026. OVERALL RESPONSIBILITY Reporting directly to the Chief Information Officer, the Deputy CIO directs, coordinates, organizes, and controls the development, reporting, and continued operation of all information systems and related technology solutions throughout the Authority. Manages the business flow and technology projects across all areas of the Information Technology Department for strategic and tactical direction for the Authority-s technology goals and objectives. As part of the Information Technology leadership team, this position influences business decisions regarding the use of technology and manages and communicates direction to staff and peers. SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES 1.Works with the Chief Information Officer developing the short term and long term plans that anticipate and satisfy the Authority's current and projected technology needs. Identifies the resources necessary to implement the plans and initiatives within the Information Technology Department, and justify economic benefits/impacts in the budget process. Responsible for aligning Information Technology leadership team and projects with the needs of the business, enterprise-wide. 2.Reviews and approves submissions for all technology-related procurements and policies. 3.Presents at the request of the Chief Information Officer or as delegate, to Board members, GM Management Team, and department heads current and new technology initiatives, contract renewals, and new purchases as well as the technology strategy for the Authority's operating goals and objectives. Develops priorities for systems design and development. Provides technology related recommendations to executives at all levels. 4.Directs the departmental operations of the following groups: a)Application Delivery Services Unit - responsible for new projects, application development, and enhancements to current systems spanning operations, finance, human resource information systems, customer information systems, engineering, maintenance, and legal. b)Records Management - Responsible for the preservation and proper destruction of Authority records and documents per the records management retention schedule. Works with the Office of General Counsel with respect to identifying and providing Authority records for legal cases. Manages the off-site storage of Authority documents and records both hard copy and digital media. 5.Manages projects and their status for all groups within the Information Technology Department. This includes Emerging and Specialty Technologies, Infrastructure Services, Cyber Security, Application Development, and Records Management. 6.Recruits and organizes the necessary technical and operational expertise through the General Consultant-s Contract Services (GITC) to implement, test, and rollout of the Authority's technology initiatives in an effective and efficient manner. 7.Assists with the administration of the annual operating and capital budgets. 8.Assumes accountability for IT staff, including employment and hiring responsibilities. 9.Controls and maintains the operational data flow by supplying accurate, timely, and relevant information to the Chief Information Officer for periodic and ad hoc information needs. 10.Assists with the review and approval all IT related Authority wide expenditures for systems hardware, software and services. Develops the methodology for managing new and existing projects with detailed reporting for the Chief Information Officer. 11.Assists with the development of policies and procedures to standardize system expansion, distribution and operation as well as assure the security and integrity of the Authority's technology infrastructure. 12.Improves technology competencies, enterprise-wide. 13.Assists the Chief Information Officer regarding Technology Strategies corresponding to business objectives. 14.Presents information related to Information Technology to the Authority-s Board or Board Committees at the request of the Chief Information Officer. 15.Performs other duties as assigned. BASIC ADMINISTRATIVE RESPONSIBILITIES 1.Participates in the development of policies in the immediate manager-s organization, and interprets such policies throughout the department. 2.Develops departmental goals and objectives for the approval of immediate manager. 3.Interprets and administers programs and initiatives in accordance with approved policies. 4.Performs special assignments for immediate manager as requested. 5.Reports performance to immediate manager. 6.Oversees and manages IT operations throughout all groups and maintains detailed listing of projects and initiatives within the Department. 7.Develops a suitable successor and be responsible for training replacements at all levels within the department. QUALIFICATIONS/DIMENSIONS -Bachelor-s Degree in Computer Science or related field with fifteen (15) years of relevant work experience including a supervisory/managerial role within Information Technology required. -Must possess business acumen with information technology and technology infrastructure experience in a mid-to-large sized organization required. -Excellent verbal and written communication skills for interaction with all levels of Authority management and technical personnel required. -Demonstrated competence in using structured project management methodology preferred. -Team player with strong leadership qualities and superior presentation, written, and verbal communication skills on technical and contractual matters required. SEPTA is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.