At Micro Focus, everything we do is based on a simple idea: The fastest way to get results is to build on what you have. Our software solutions enable organizations to do just that. Secure and scalable, with analytics built in, they bridge the gap between existing and emerging IT—fast-tracking digital transformations across DevOps, Hybrid IT, Security, and Predictive Analytics. In the race to innovate, Micro Focus customers have the clear advantage. Our portfolio spans the following areas: DevOps | IT Operations| Cloud | Security | Info Governance | Big Data, Machine Learning, & Analytics Sales Specialists & Consultants are product, services, software or solution specialists that are responsible for leading pursuit in their assigned focus areas. Collaborates with and supports Account Managers and provides specialist expertise within the sales team. Drives proactive campaigns to build the pipeline, uses specialized knowledge and skills to prospect, qualify, negotiate and close opportunities. May have named accounts allocated, cover a designated geography, or may be allocated to one high-potential, competitive attack account. _Responsibilities:_ Actively prospects within accounts to discover or cultivate solutions sales opportunities within area of technical specialty (in close cooperation with the account manager. Manage sales pipeline. Formulate and expand solutions to generate additional product or service attachments and up sell revenue. Certain roles may also sell through the channel. Establish a professional, working, and consultative, relationship with the client, by developing a core understanding of the unique business needs of the client within their industry. Work with the client up to IT management level. Contribute to building of the pipeline by generating leads and referrals and new customer opportunities within specialty area. May focus on growing contractual renewals for small-to-mid size accounts with limited complexity, to higher-total contract-value renewals. Interface with both internal and external/industry experts to anticipate customer needs and facilitate solutions development. Build sales readiness and reduce client learning curve through effective knowledge transfer in area of specialization. _Education and Experience Required:_ University or Bachelor's degree preferred.Demonstrated achievement of progressively higher quota, diversity of business customer and higher level customer interface. Detailed knowledge of key customer types or customers on given products. Typically 3-5 years of experience in specialty sales. _Knowledge and Skills:_ In depth knowledge about product, service, solution and differentiators between own offerings and what competitor's offerings. Applies specialized technical product/service/ solution knowledge in working with account teams to screen and prioritize multiple leads for feasibility. Use knowledge in specialty, and consultative selling skills, to proactively help customers with making IT business decisions. Assesses solution feasibility from a technical and business perspective to determine "qualify-in"/"qualify-out" status Solid communication and presentation skills within IT at the manager level. Product demonstration, customer training, product installation skills. (for product specialty roles) Conceptualizes and articulates well-targeted solutions in area of specialty - product, service, solution - from proposal to contract sign- off. Have enough knowledge about a product, service or solution to be able to qualify a deal. Negotiates profitable deals so that the company can expand opportunities based on the existing business and increase the company's footprint and revenue. Opportunity prospecting as related to specialty area and in expanding existing client business, in order to generate leads/referrals to account team. Maintain knowledge of industry trends, associated solutions, and key partner/ISV solutions. Regular use of Siebel updating deal profile and forecasting accurately. LI-MC1