Essential Responsibilities: Responsible for multiple data and information integration projects and projects for components of the domain. Analyze, design and develop integration roadmap, design, patterns and implementations based upon a current vs future state architecture. Participate in the data domain technical and business discussions related to future architect direction. Gather and analyze data and develop architectural requirements at project level. Support the development of integration platforms that are service-oriented with reusable components that can be orchestrated together into different methods for different businesses. Research and evaluate emerging integration technology, industry and market trends to assist in project development and/or operational support activities. Monitor and control costs in the organization. Coach and mentor team members. Qualifications/Requirements: Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's degree, or foreign degree equivalent, in STEM major (Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics) and 7 years of progressively responsible post-Bachelor’s degree related experience. Position also requires 5 years of experience with system analysis, design and modeling; 3 years of experience with integration architectures and implementing interfaces for Oracle EBS or SAP using middleware solutions like Oracle SOA Suite, WebMethods or SAP PI/PO; and 1 year of experience integrating with third parties or using cloud integrations platforms. Eligibility Requirements: GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation and drug screen. About Us: GE is the world's Digital Industrial Company, transforming industry with software-defined machines and solutions that are connected, responsive and predictive. Through our people, leadership development, services, technology and scale, GE delivers better outcomes for global customers by speaking the language of industry. GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Locations: United States; Michigan; Van Buren Township GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening.