Software Applications Architect Are you ready to work with a purpose? At ABB, you can be sure you’re helping to create a better world. Our customers operate the largest electrical transmission and distribution networks that keep power and other essential services operating daily around the world. ABB’s development teams write the software to make this possible. Come join us in an environment that welcomes innovation and rewards your ability to get the job done while you build highly available, scalable, and reliable features on a leading power systems applications. We are looking for an hands-on Application Software Architect who has strong software skills and experience on micro-services, componentizing monolithic software, and system integration and can guide power system engineers to design and develop modularized application software built using micro-services architecture. The applications run on a high performance platform for real time mission critical operation of electric transmission and distribution networks. The Application Software Architect is expected to promote best- practice software development methodologies, including Agile, SCRUM, CI/CD. Tasks Typical duties/responsibilities may include, but are not limited to, the following: Transform monolithic software into a highly componentized software product. Guide the development and integration of software with micro-services architecture and service oriented architecture. Be a system integrator Drive continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD). Be customer focused. Understand requirements and translate them into technical functionalities to deliver customer value. Design, develop, review, re-factor, and maintain software with quality and performance in mind. Collaborate on planning, development, and testing to meet “definition of done” criteria. Take initiative to identify issues and work collaboratively across teams to resolve problems. Identify and manage risks for schedule and quality with the team and ask for help when needed. Be inquisitive. Try new things. Fail fast when needed. Help others learn from mistakes. Be effective in reflection, retrospection, and constant incremental improvement. Be Agile by being adaptive according to business needs and obtaining frequent feedback from stakeholders. Requirements Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science with 5+ years of experience in software development; OR Master’s degree in Computer Science with 3+ years of experience in software development Alternatively, this position may be filled at the senior level for the successful candidate meeting this basic qualification: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science with 8+ years of experience in software development; OR Master’s degree in Computer Science with 6+ years of experience in software development Preferred Qualifications: Strong hands-on experience on software development and system integration. Strong knowledge and practical experience on programming and integration with micro-services architecture and service oriented architecture is required. Demonstrated experience on transforming monolithic software into modular software. Proficiency / experience with C, .Net, Windows development, C/C++, C, Java, Python, SQL Strong experience in developing, debugging, performance tuning mission critical software on servers and on clients in Linux, Windows environment with database and message buses.Demonstrated experience where you owned developing a complete application or module in an application and you went about from designing to integrating it Experience in Agile development as a member of scrum teams and practice CI / CD (continuous integration and continuous deployment). Knowledge and experience with power system modeling and simulation, analysis and operation, optimization and numerical analysis methodology is a plus. Ability to work independently and collaboratively. Interact effectively with team members, product management, and customers. Good oral and written communication skills. Be able to effectively present information to and get information from peers, product management, project team, sales, customers, management and other stakeholders. Candidate must be highly motivated and be able to produce effective results within scheduled budgets and tight deadlines. Additional Information LI-USA Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action at ABB ABB is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, citizen status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, marital status, family medical leave status, or protected veterans status. For more information regarding your (EEO) rights as an applicant, please visit the following websites: http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf As an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer, applicants may request to review the Affirmative Action Plan of a particular ABB facility between the hours of 9:00 A.M. - 5:00 P.M. EST Monday through Friday by contacting an ABB HR Representative at 1-888-694-7762. Protected veterans and qualified individuals with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access ABB's career site as a result of your disability. You may request reasonable accommodations by calling an ABB HR Representative at 1-888-694-7762 or by sending an email to US-AskHR@abb.com. Resumes and applications will not be accepted in this manner. Location Sugar Land, Texas, USA Business Unit Business Unit Grid Automation Date posted 2018-07-05 Job Function Research and Development Publication ID US64551531_E4