Job Details Description Company: Alliance Inspection Management Position: Senior Systems Administrator Location: Farmington Hills, MI Alliance Inspection Management (AiM) is at the forefront of technology breakthroughs that are revolutionizing the vehicle inspection industry. AiM is the premier new and pre-owned vehicle inspection partnership in North America that combines breakthrough technology with deep industry experience to provide a trustworthy, independent bridge between buyers and sellers. We offer a comprehensive range of vehicle inspection services to verify the condition of new, off-lease and fleet vehicles at assembly plants, railyards, ports, homes, dealerships and auctions. _We are early in defining an ecosystem_ _._ We are re-engineering our infrastructure to include a hybrid mix of on premise, Amazon Web Services and Virtual Private Cloud (Hosting). This is a very exciting time for us with many challenges and learning opportunities for the right candidate. _The automotive industry is undergoing a revolution. Be a part of it_ _._ Contribute to the next generation of software solutions for the secondary car market, touching more than 10 million transactions a year. Position Responsibilities: Administer server operating systems including performance monitoring, operations planning, troubleshooting and preventative maintenance Administer VMWare Office cluster Setup, secure, and manage AiM’s AWS presence Monitor Bandwidth utilization, uptime, and Security logs Troubleshoot hardware, software and operating systems Utilize procedures and standards to ensure operational consistency on a nationwide basis and update documentation as required Work with Business Analysts and Developers to support product rollouts Provide specialized technical support and planning guidance to development team. Maintain records on repairs, down time, and configuration changes Assist in disaster recovery and business continuity planning and support Participate in capacity planning including forecasting of needs for future infrastructure related purchases Monitor system and network performance and tune performance as necessary Participate in on-call rotation to provide off-hours support Knowledge of standard network protocols and principles including TCP/IP, and iSCSI Knowledge of firewalls and VPN Tunnels Knowledge of Remote User VPN access Qualifications: Proficient in VMWare Expert with SAN, both configuring and implementing Expert in the use of Linux servers Proficient in the Administration of Microsoft networks, including operating systems on servers, AD administration, Exchange and Office365 Experience with firewalls and routers Able to troubleshooting issues and find both tactical and strategic solutions Excellent communication skills, both written and spoken, at all levels within the organization You are a driven individual who looks for challenges and solutions proactively A desire to continuously improve your existing skills and to constantly learn new ones Participation in the rotation of after-hours support Skills & Abilities: Easily adapts to evolving priorities with the ability to maintain a high level of flexibility Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills Strong analytical and decision-making skills Excellent time and project management skills with the ability to multi-task and prioritize day- to-day responsibilities Self-directed, detail oriented, highly focused and very organized Ability to maintain a high level of energy, enthusiasm and highly motivated Excellent teamwork skills with the ability to establish and maintain positive and effective working relationships Extensive knowledge of business operations, objectives, strategies and business process and information flow Must be willing to travel in the US, Canada and Mexico No relocation will be paid Physical Requirements: The physical requirements described below are representative of those an employee must normally meet to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable otherwise qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions. Travel: Some to frequent overnight travel. Attendance/Availability: Regular and consistent attendance and availability Compensation: This position is Exempt (salary) and not eligible for overtime. Full Time employees are eligible to participate in AIM’s benefit plans, including medical, dental and 401k (upon completion of the first 60 days of employment, 90 for 401k, and beginning on the first of the next month). All offers would be made conditional upon passing a background check. AiM provides equal employment opportunity without regard to an applicant’s race, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, religion, or veteran status. Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodation under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act and certain state or local laws. A reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done which will ensure an equal employment opportunity without imposing undue hardship on AiM. Please inform us if you need assistance completing any forms or to otherwise participate in the application process. To comply with Federal law, Alliance Inspection Management LLC, participates in E-Verify.