Overview Updike Distribution Logistics provides innovative, cost-effective logistics services across virtually all realms of the supply chain spectrum. We have a unique capability to offer a full array of integrated, in-house logistics solutions, and we have the demonstrated skills to perform. Whether it involves public or contract warehousing, direct-to-store or direct-to-consumer order fulfillment, dedicated or line-haul transportation, and even residential delivery services, you can count on us. You can expect us to execute with a fundamental focus on efficiency and value, utilizing the principles of integrity and responsibility, in all that we do. At the end of the day, we exist to merely be an extension of our customers, and, as your entrusted partner, we stand resolute in achieving total success together. Our people help make up that success. Our team of extraordinary people has enabled us to grow and expand our reach, year after year, by making the collective, unwavering commitment to exceed the expectations of our customers each and every day. Simply put, our culture is purely one of service excellence. We are a team of highly motivated, fun, goal-oriented, bright individuals who continuously strive to offer our customers services to help meet their business goals and work toward building long-term partnerships. We need more people who share in that same philosophy. If _you_ do, please continue to read about the awesome opportunity we have to offer another bright, fun, motivated individual. Responsibilities Updike Distribution Logistics is currently seeking a Warehouse Lead to oversee a wide variety of warehouse activities at our Goodyear, AZ facility (Indian School and 303 freeway) including inbound/outbound loads and inventory maintenance. In addition, the Warehouse Lead will be included in the recruiting and hiring of warehouse personnel, labor planning, and workload allocation, conducting performance appraisals, addressing performance issues and resolving problems. Most of your day will be: To LEAD. We need someone who supports the team, creates a respectful and professional working environment, and inspires the team to work hard and care about their job. To act as a working lead, this is a hands-on job that will require you to work alongside the team. To maintain inventory accuracy - our customers rely on us to protect their product; from damage, loss/theft, and always work in a safe manner. To establish, maintain, and promote high standards of customer service. We are in the business of not telling our customers no, we need employees to think creatively and outside-of-the-box to accommodate their requests and always be professional under any circumstances. To recommend measures to improve the quality of service, increase efficiency, and recommend cost-cutting measures. To work collaboratively with our transportation carriers, internal and external to meet customers expectations. To interpret company policies to workers and enforce safety regulations. To have a flexible schedule in order to accommodate our customers requests, even if it is outside of normal business/shift hours Qualifications We'd love if you had prior experience in: Working in a 3PL environment (or warehouse) Assist in oversight of a team of warehouse professionals and CSR's (employees and temporary workers) - at least 4 years experience is recommended Inventory, cycle counting, working with data, and computer systems Forklift use - this is a working lead position Delegating work to teams and most of all prioritizing Establishing and maintaining customer relationships, this is key to ones sucess in our company Holding the team accountable to their actions (or inactions for that matter) Computers - we need someone who is computer literate as this position will be exposed to multiple customer systems as well as our own WMS