Qualifications Required: Employee must hold a Ph.D. in Physics, Astronomy or a related field with one or more years of research training and it is preferred that they have experience with high-energy astrophysics and/or high-energy physics instrumentation and data analysis. Preferred: The Postdoctoral Research Associate must have excellent analytical skills, excellent computer programming and hardware skills, the ability to manage multiple projects, excellent organizational, presentation and writing skills, and demonstrated self-motivation and creativity. While based in Minneapolis, the successful applicant will be expected to spend time at the VERITAS site for observing shifts. About the Job The University of Minnesota has an opening for a research associate to work in the High Energy Astrophysics program. The researcher will work with Prof Lucy Fortson in the High Energy Astrophysics program in the School of Physics & Astronomy. The U of M is a collaborating institution on the Very Energetic Radiation Imaging Telescope Array System (VERITAS), a ground-based gamma ray observatory located at the FLWO basecamp of Mt. Hopkins, AZ. VERITAS probes the extreme physics of sources such as the jets of Active Galactic Nuclei, Starburst Galaxies and Supernova Remnants. The Minnesota group is also a member of CTA-US, the US team involved in the next generation gamma-ray array. The successful applicant would also be expected to contribute to the development of novel gamma-hadron separation techniques using machine learning. See detail on researcher duties below. The position would be for a one-year junior post-doc with expected renewal for a second year based on performance and funding. The researcher’s duties will include the following: 10% Taking data collection shifts at the VERITAS telescope site. Participation in weekly working group calls and mentoring of undergraduates or graduate students as needed. 25% Evaluate current techniques applied to the UMN Blazar Science research program and modify as needed to carry out spectral investigations of UMN Blazar targets. In particular, the research will evaluate the impact of the low gain diagnostics algorithm on the energy resolution of VERITAS at the highest energy range of its sensitivity. Analyze data from proprietary software to conduct statistical data analyses including integration of multiple datasets. This includes production of the lookup tables and effective areas for the low gain diagnostic version of the VEGAS software package proprietary to VERITAS and applying these appropriately to the data sets. In addition, the work will also involve analysis of data taken in other wavebands that complement the VERITAS data sets as needed. Timing analyses will also be expected. 20% Implement machine learning techniques using gamma-ray data and simulations to develop novel approaches to improving gamma-hadron separation. Development of techniques using human classifiers from the Zooniverse platform is encouraged. 25% Based on the implementation of new techniques and analyses described above, prepare manuscripts for publication and work with journal editors/reviewers for publication of the full source analysis on several UMN Blazar and Radio Galaxy targets as well as any novel analysis or Machine Learning techniques. 20% Pursue self-motivated, open research related to gamma-ray astrophysics as defined by researcher in consultation with supervisor. About the Department The School of Physics and Astronomy is a unit in the College of Science and Engineering. See more information at www.physics.umn.edu How To Apply On-line applications including a cover letter, curriculum vitae, a brief (one page) research summary and the names and complete contact information for three references. Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter, resume, and the names and contact information for three professional references. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.