Overview Liv Ahwatukee Leasing Consultant Pay Range is $12.91 to $18.08 _“I’m friends with the new neighbors before they unpack. I fit 30 minutes into 20. I don’t like sitting too long. I can juggle while talking on the phone. What can I say? People seem to like me.”_ Sound like you? Apply to be a Leasing Consultant with Liv Communities today. When you’re a leasing consultant, you’re a one-person welcome wagon for your Liv community. It’s your job to learn about people’s needs and help them find the perfect place to live. And once they become part of the neighborhood, you help them get connected so their new home feels like home. At Liv Communities, we are in the people business. Ask our employees why and they’ll say, “Because we can help people live fuller lives.” But that doesn’t just apply to our residents. We invest in our team members and promote from within so we can build a long-lasting, sustainable team for our residents. We demand quality, but we know you’ll have fun in the process. The word “boredom” is not in our vocabulary. Can you thrive in a culture like that? Do you believe serving others is the best thing a person can do? Whether you’ve worked in property management before or not, you’re someone we’d like to talk to. Of course, work wouldn’t be work without some responsibilities. You’ll work for the Property Manager and Assistant Property Manager. You’ll keep prospective residents up to date on availability, application requirements, and new promotions. You’ll do some marketing, keeping in touch with local businesses. You’ll renew leases for residents who love Liv Communities as much as you do. You’ll keep common areas and model apartments in tip-top shape. If you can do all of these things, and you’re outgoing, passionate, and ethical, then what are you waiting for? Apply today. Primary Purpose of Position: To answer inquiries, present apartment homes and amenities, and provide accurate information about the community and apartment homes. People First! | Live It: Support Liv Communities LLC’s Why, People First Promise, Model, and Values. Incorporate the People First! | Live It concept and SPIRIT behaviors into strategy, daily decision making, and relationships. Responsibilities Duties and Responsibilities: Prospective Resident Relations Answers telephone and e-mail inquiries about apartment homes, assesses prospects housing needs and desires, and encourages prospects to make appointments at represented community. Presents model(s), apartment homes, and amenities to prospects visiting the community, and helps prospects make their housing decisions at the represented community. Follows up with prospects to offer further assistance with the prospect’s housing needs with the primary purpose of closing a sale at represented community. Requests and accepts deposits and applications fees. Provides Applications for Residency, Employment and Rental Verification forms and ensures that application(s) and verification forms are completed properly and returned timely. Corresponds with prospective Residents regarding their Application for Residency, approval of the application, desired apartment home and move-in date. Completes Waiting List and Reservation Agreements. Completes a guest card for each prospect visiting community or when follow-up is made from an e-mail inquiry or fulfilling request for more information. Accurately records all traffic. Inspections Inspects common areas, community amenities, clubhouse and model daily to ensure that they are in good condition and ready to show to prospects. Inspects market ready apartment homes before showing prospects and prepares for new resident’s occupancy. Prepares service requests for areas that need repair or clean-up. Renewals Develops, updates and implements an approved renewal program. Follows community’s Renewal Program from the beginning to end and contacts Resident’s prior to lease expiration date to negotiate a lease renewal or accept a notice to move-out. Negotiates new lease terms and monetary/non-monetary benefits. Prepares Lease Expiration Checklist with the pertinent information needed to process the renewal / move-out. Prepares and updates Monthly Lease Expiration Report. Prepares and delivers Lease, addenda, correspondence, and follows and updates Lease Expiration Checklist; Accepts move-out notices and follows and updates Lease Expiration Checklist; Prepares Monthly Turnover Activity Report Marketing & Advertising Communicates and maintains relationships with established businesses participating in the community’s furnished unit and preferred employer programs. Seeks out new businesses of 50 or more employees with the intent of providing information on available programs and to promote the distribution of apartment community’s publications to employees. Seeks out and builds relationships with various small (service, retail and restaurant) businesses to promote the distribution of apartment community publications to their customers. Assists in the creation and distribution of periodic direct mail pieces. Plans and coordinates ‘Open House’ and other related events. Prepares and maintains Client Tracking Forms and related reports as directed by the Property Manager. Proposes and submits for approval new print media ad designs. Keeps record of all advertising mediums, their expirations, and updates as necessary. Presents ideas for themes to market or other advertising mediums. Submits updates for all marketing, printed or otherwise. Maintains brochure boxes and signage at community. General Support Assists in implementing marketing & advertising program. Assists Assistant Manager or Manager in brainstorming new marketing ideas and themes. Helps plan or offers ideas for new advertising mediums or assists in the conceptual design of print media advertising. Assists Assistant Manager or Manager in preparing for and implementing community events. Maintains information about surrounding community including, but not limited to, schools, entertainment, human services, parks and recreation. Prepares and displays refreshments for visitors. Answers all incoming telephone calls. Greets all persons coming into the office. Assists Property Manager on special projects. Administrative Support Processes Applications for Residency for approval. Prepares new Resident file with checklist, Lease, addenda, and all other related documents. Corresponds with prospective Residents regarding their Application for Residency, approval of the application, desired apartment home and move-in date. Assists in delivering possession to new residents by collecting monies due, signed Lease documents and applicable addenda. Requests new home telephone number, email address and sets up a follow-up appointment with a member of the maintenance / management staff; Takes maintenance service requests from residents. Prepares and displays refreshments for visitors. Prepares and distributes Welcome packets for new residents. Prepares move-in packets and gifts for new residents. Evaluates resident services and offers ideas to improve services. Implements new services and leads team in providing exemplary customer service. Prepares periodic newsletter and other marketing material to help retain residents. Records complaints or incidents on appropriate format. Keeps inventory of brochures, applications and any other related leasing information. Communication Maintains a professional and friendly rapport with Residents, team members and contractors. Notifies Maintenance Supervisor of urgent service requests, angry Residents or a prospect/resident requesting a change of their move-in/move-out date. Keeps Property Manager apprised of unhappy team members, angry Residents, complaints, alleged neighbor disputes or incidents believed to have violated a community policy or term of the Lease. Other Reporting Keeps daily Telephone/Traffic Card. Prepares Traffic Report. Records all changes regarding leasing activity and receipt of move-out notices on Weekly Availability Report and second page of Weekly Occupancy Report. Updates software regarding traffic and leasing activity daily. Visits and calls on area competitors in order to obtain information for updating Quarterly Market Surveys and Summaries. Maintains prospective Resident Waiting List. Safety Complies with the Liv Communities LLC Employee Safety and Compliance manual. Expectations: Obtains and maintains score of 80% or higher on periodic Shopping Reports Maintains an average closing ratio of 17% or higher from total traffic count. Obtains 50% of signed leased renewals from Residents to renew their Lease at least 50 days prior to the Resident’s Lease expiration date. Commitment will be evaluated based on completed Lease Expiration Checklists. This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee occupying this position. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform other job-related duties requested by their supervisor. Qualifications High school diploma or equivalent GED. Minimum of six months prior customer service experience. Completion of one approved fair housing seminar within one year, and every two years thereafter.