Overview Sr. Data Quality Specialist/Tester We are assisting a client, a large financial institution in downtown Los Angeles, in their search for a Sr. Data Quality Specialist. This is a Full Time or contract to hire opportunity for the right candidate. The position will be based out of Los Angeles, CA. The Data Quality Specialist will be responsible for testing data accuracy and performing data analysis and record keeping in order to improve quality of data on key reports, data sets and databases. The Analyst works with reporting teams, business and IT to identify and document quality rules, requirements and lineage of data for various reports. The Analyst will be responsible for design and execution of necessary tests in diverse development platforms and computing environments including MS SQL, Oracle, Informatica, Excel VBA, and third party application. Responsibilities Participate in and leading discussions with cross-functional teams to identify and document data quality rules for critical reports and data sets. Deconstruct complex Excel workbooks and SQL scripts to identify data lineage, transformations and dependencies. Profile data manually and set up profiling tasks in Informatica or other tools. Write SQL queries to test data based on various dimensions (i.e., Completeness, Accuracy, Conformity, Precision, Validity, Uniqueness, Timeliness) Draft SQL rules (in Oracle, Informatica or other tools), and create test case. Validate existing Data Quality rules to ensure they meet Data Governance requirements. Review the transformation specifications written by various work streams to propose additional DQ rules. Identify Data Quality issues and escalate issues to the Remediation team. Qualifications Minimum 5 years of experience with data quality testing; Minimum 7 years of experience with data analysis and reporting; Bachelor’s degree in science or engineering Bachelor’s Degree preferably in Information Systems; Master’s Degree in a related field is strongly desired. Knowledge of information access and delivery methods, analytics applications and tool portfolio, data sourcing and integration methods. Understanding of data warehouse, ETL, data cleansing, and architecture. Ability to write SQL queries independently. Knowledge of advanced formulas & pivot tables in excel. Ability to understand financial institutions Regulatory initiatives like - Basel II, Basel III, Dodd Frank and CCAR. Proficient in MS Office applications; MS Project, MS Visio, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel, MS Access. Knowledge of working on Informatica would be an added advantage. Experience in any data quality and reporting tools/applications is highly desired (tools like: Informatica, Collibra, IBM Analytics) Ability and knowledge for effectively interacting with data users, managers, and other stakeholders. Experience working and effectively collaborating with reporting, operations and technology teams. Strong critical thinking ability and problem resolution skills. Ability to work independently with light to moderate supervision in various areas of responsibility