Business Summary: As a Customer Success Architect you will work directly with customers, field sales, delivery and product development teams. Your mission is to help ensure the successful incubation, adoption and enablement of VMware’s SDDC solutions and services for select Customers. Earning the right as a trusted advisor requires a rare blend of being polished with customers. As well as being technically savvy, incorporating out of the box thinking, and having the ability to drive and engage multiple customers. You will be translating and communicating business requirements into a solution vision that meets our customer's business needs. This person will be highly organized, thorough and motivated professional. They will understand the importance of being a strong teammate and leader when it comes to crafting a solution and liaising with customers. The role will include being a key field partner for engineering teams, working closely with customers, as well as assisting initial sales and delivery to customers who require advanced architecture designs and services. You will wear many hats in this role. Your work will have a real impact on the success of VMware Customers and their business. We are an agile and bright team that adopts open communication, empowerment, innovation, collaboration and a shared focus on customer success. Job Role and Responsibilities: Assist with customer deployments based on cloud management related solutions; vRealize Automation, vRealize Operations, vRealize Log Insight, vRealize Business. Your knowledge and experiences will also be a crucial part of continuous feedback loop to drive architectural practices and tooling required to increase adoption, retention and overall customer experience. Gather detailed business and technical requirements from customers and field teams to craft specifications that enable the team to implement apropos post-sales solutions for customers. Provide architectural mentorship for the integration of VMware management products with third-party products within the customer’s IT environment. Ranging from storage, networking, systems management, capacity management and monitoring, high availability solutions, security infrastructures, etc. Work independently or as part of a team on engagements with customer. This is often in a technical leadership role to ensure customer retention, product adoption, and to drive customer value realization. Maintain current knowledge of the entire VMware product line with focus on vSphere, vRealize, and NSX. Maintain per-customer view of reported issues, regularly communicate with customers, sales account teams and Engineering. Participate and partner with product development to help refine products to address customer needs in the field Document the best methodologies in developing and deploying VMware management solutions, and feed them into our knowledge base for reuse by customers and partners. Support various customer and team enablement events - deliver public speaking and presentations. Willingness to spend significant time interacting with customers remotely on solutions engagements Required Skills: Thorough knowledge of VMware products with a specific emphasis on cloud management related solutions; vRealize Operations, vRealize Log Insight, vRealize Automation, vRealize Business. Added exposure to NSX and VSAN is highly desirable but not required. Prior experience in a customer facing, technical role and shown success in deploying technical solutions to meet customer's business goals. Ability to travel up to 40% when necessary.