The challenge We’re looking for a senior level developer to bring Adobe’s heritage of content and data management tools to the world in an entirely new way. You will be working on a small, innovative team with little hierarchy. You will directly influence engineering and product decisions. We are already working with modern technologies and practices, come help us take it to the next level. You will be joining a diverse team that knows when it is time to cut loose and have some fun and when it is time to be heads down working towards a goal. You get the agility of a startup and the work/life balance of an established business. You will be working on an emerging project designing and implementing the future of content management. As we grow, we need to ensure that our backend evolves with the rest of the product. We will be looking for your backend leadership. _What you’ll do_ Ensure backend meets needs for feature development Drive next generation of backend architecture Innovate and identify opportunities Work in an agile team environment Participate in defining team culture and product vision Design, develop and run experiments to measure impact of your work Develop efficient solutions that scale for millions of users _What we are looking for_ Expertise in Javascript, HTML, CSS; Node.js and Git(Hub) Experienced in content management systems and solutions Experience building backend components for web applications Entrepreneurial spirit and focus on delivering value into customers hands Focus on data-driven decision making and learning by experimentation Ability to contribute anywhere in the stack and wear multiple hats. A focus on Quality. Write your own unit tests, integration tests and champion quality interested in working in a lean/adaptive environment At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status. At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age , sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.