Job Description Position Overview/Description: Seeking a Manufacturing Research Engineer to work in the Research and Advanced Engineering organization with a focus on the Factory of the Future leading development in the area of human-robot interface and collaborative robotics. Responsibilities: Identify, design and proveout potential applications for next generation collaborative robots use in automotive applications. Assess manufacturing processes for the feasibility of the use of collaborative robot applications. Lead and implement research projects using innovative manufacturing concepts focused at improving process efficiency. Develop and identify state-of-the-art processes for manufacturing a vehicle. Develop cost effective solutions to support next generation electric vehicles. Identify and prove-out novel materials and manufacturing processes for the Factory of the Future. Examine & assess the business case & trade-offs of using new innovative manufacturing concepts for high volume automotive applications. Work with and direct Ford suppliers on new technology to improve factory efficiency. Characterize mechanical properties of new materials for automotive use. (Composites, plastics and lightweight metals.) Assess robustness of new technologies and materials via DOE's, testing and data analysis. Interface with Ford internal customers (PD, Assembly Operations) to ensure research alignment with stakeholder needs and requirements. Document findings via oral presentations and written technical reports. Develop innovative solutions using new concepts and/or design optimization. Required Qualifications : Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Computer Science 2+ years of industry experience in manufacturing with focus on Robotic's/Controls/Robotic Applications (coursework allowed) Preferred Qualifications: MS in Engineering Highly motivated, self-starter attributes. Strong Written and Oral Communication Skills. College or Industry Experience in Mechatronics. Proven ability to initiate and lead research projects. Extensive background in lightweight materials specifically composites, plastics and lightweight metals. Familiarity with tools for statistical analysis. Demonstrated capability in data analysis and documentation. Excellent leadership, communication and project management skills. Minimum of 5+ years of Experience in fast paced automotive engineering environment. Proven skills to innovate and implement. New position in Research to develop innovative solutions for Factory of the Future. Background and knowledge in manufacturing areas such as: Robotics, - Artificial Intelligence, Human-Robot Interface and Advanced Processes i.e.: (additive manufacturing). Fundamental Experience with vision systems. The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position, TN visa holders may be considered. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.