Interpret business requirements into technical network solutions framework. Provide technology roadmaps governed by strategic direction, business requirements as well as resourcing and financial constraints. Liaise with enterprise, server and applications architects to ensure alignment across technology portfolios. PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Provide technical direction and frameworks to meet business needs Provide expert consultation for major network initiatives or incidents Produce and/or endorse network standards Provide advice and recommendations specific to customer requirements Evaluate emerging technologies against business and IT strategic needs Serve as a key representative on major network initiatives Analyze technical needs, requirements, and state of the network's infrastructure design, integration, and operations Work with technical management to architect networks that effectively reflect business needs, service-level and availability requirements, and other technology parameters Develop design principles, models, plans, internal standards, budgets, and processes based on industry best practices Establish governing principles for network design and deployment Participate in selection of networking technologies and products for implementation Continually update understanding of business and technology status and objectives and respond to strategic design requests as the business evolves Update standards and guidelines Write technical and business documentation Liaise with management and support teams Assist in scoping and costing of projects Guide and influence team members and business colleagues Work with other SMEs and technical support teams in the pursuit of technically excellent solutions. Produce technically excellent solutions architecture that is aligned to business needs and direction EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology or related field, or 10 year of related work experience. 8 years or more experience designing and implementing comprehensive network solutions using Avaya, Cisco, or other major network Products Additional Skills Advanced knowledge of protocols including BGP, IS-IS, OSPF, and EIGRP, SPB, TRILL Strong IPV4 and IPV6 skills Knowledge of WAN technologies Knowledge of redundancy and high availability protocols such as VRRP, HSRP, GLBP, SLB, LACP, PAGP Technologies Advanced knowledge of network virtualization technologies including MPLS, VRF, VLAN, VSS Advanced knowledge of tunneling protocols including IPSEC, GRE, L2TPv3 Data Center and high availability design experience Advanced knowledge of Quality of Service Experience with VOIP components and converged networks Experience with network security standards Hardware Knowledge of Avaya, Cisco, and other major network hardware models including: Routers Switches Firewalls Load balancers Packet Analysis WAN Accelerators Overview Henry Ford Health System, one of the largest and most comprehensive integrated U.S. health care systems, is a national leader in clinical care, research and education. The system includes the 1,200-member Henry Ford Medical Group, five hospitals, Health Alliance Plan (a health insurance and wellness company), Henry Ford Physician Network, a 150-site ambulatory network and many other health-related entities throughout southeast Michigan, providing a full continuum of care. In 2015, Henry Ford provided $299 million in uncompensated care. The health system also is a major economic driver in Michigan and employs more than 24,600 employees. Henry Ford is a 2011Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award recipient. The health system is led by President and CEO Wright Lassiter III. To learn more, visit HenryFord.com. Benefits Whether it's offering a new medical option, helping you make healthier lifestyle choices or making the employee enrollment selection experience easier, it's all about choice. Henry Ford Health System has a new approach for its employee benefits program - My Choice Rewards. My Choice Rewards is a program as diverse as the people it serves. There are dozens of options for all of our employees including compensation, benefits, work/life balance and learning - options that enhance your career and add value to your personal life. As an employee you are provided access to Retirement Programs, an Employee Assistance Program (Henry Ford Enhanced), Tuition Reimbursement, Paid Time Off, Employee Health and Wellness and access to day care services at Bright Horizons Midtown Detroit, and a whole host of other benefits and services. Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer Henry Ford Health System is committed to the hiring, advancement and fair treatment of all individuals without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, size, height, weight, marital status, family status, gender identity, sexual orientation, and genetic information, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable federal and state laws.