NYC Parks is an award-winning city agency that builds and cares for public spaces for New Yorkers to connect, play and enjoy. The Innovation & Performance Management (IPM) division is responsible for improving NYC Parks from two complementary perspectives: developing and implementing standardized operating policies and procedures, and leveraging data as an asset to improve the effectiveness of Parks programs. ? Lead IPM?s Data Analytics staff to conduct research and deliver products that solve operational challenges and improve outcomes. Co-lead IPM's cross-functional team of project managers and coordinators to identify, scope and deliver change initiatives in collaboration with divisions across Parks.? Provide data and analytical expertise to the Parks executive leadership team, identifying opportunities and developing projects that serve the needs of the agency and can measurably improve service delivery through the lens of data.? Advance the Data Analytics strategic roadmap to foster a culture of data analysis and knowledge sharing, increasing collaboration and communication across divisions and subject areas.? Serve as Open Data Coordinator and broaden the focus of the Open Data initiative in a manner that democratizes access to and fosters better use of the data both internally and externally.? Collaborate with Information Technology to develop governance practices, standards and technical infrastructure to make Parks' data interoperable and easy to access, use and understand.? Oversee the delivery of the Data Analytics training program for Parks' employees. ? Manage relationships with partners and academic institutions that contribute to or use city data. Identify and engage with outside researchers, partners and data users that can help Parks derive value from data.? Research, recommend and implement new methodologies and solutions to support the agency's business practices through the use of technology. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. For Assignment Level I (only physical, biological and environmental sciences and public health) A master's degree from an accredited college or university with a specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological or environmental science or in public health. To be appointed to Assignment Level II and above, candidates must have: 1. A doctorate degree from an accredited college or university with specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological, environmental or social science and one year of full-time experience in a responsible supervisory, administrative or research capacity in the appropriate field of specialization; or 2. A master's degree from an accredited college or university with specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological, environmental or social science and three years of responsible full-time research experience in the appropriate field of specialization; or 3. Education and/or experience which is equivalent to "1" or "2" above. However, all candidates must have at least a master's degree in an appropriate field of specialization and at least two years of experience described in "2" above. Two years as a City Research Scientist Level I can be substituted for the experience required in "1" and "2" above. NOTE: Probationary Period Appointments to this position are subject to a minimum probationary period of one year. Preferred Skills 1\. Extensive experience analyzing and identifying appropriate business solutions to meet operational needs, and developing research plans to answer complex questions.2. Demonstrated knowledge and experience with technical aspects of analytics, including geospatial analysis, data science and statistical methodologies, data management, analytical and data visualization software tools and coding languages.3. Extensive project management and team leader experience. Practical experience in product development and application of user-research, design-thinking and agile methodologies is preferred.4. Track record of fostering innovation, prioritizing initiatives and coordinating the deployment of complex projects across departments and different groups of stakeholders. 5. Comfortable working in a fast-paced environment and navigating ambiguity.6. Strong writing, administrative and interpersonal skills. Additional Information NOTE: References will be required upon request. MOVEMENT IN THE FACE OF CIVIL SERVICE LISTS IS PROHIBITED UNDER CIVIL SERVICE LAW.nyc.gov/parks To Apply Parks Employees: 1) From a Parks computer: Access Employee Self Service (ESS) from the Parks Intranet under Applications or use this link: https://hrb.nycaps.nycnet/. Once in ESS, go to Recruiting then Careers and search for Job ID 348157. Do not access ESS using nyc.gov/ess from a Parks computer.Parks & City Employees: 2) From a Non-Parks computer: Access Employee Self Service (ESS) by going to nyc.gov/ess or use this link: https://a127-ess.nyc.gov/. Once in ESS, go to Recruiting then Careers and search for Job ID 348157. Include your ERN and Job ID 348157 on your cover letter and resume.All other applicants: Go to nyc.gov/careers/search and search for Job ID 348157. Work Location Arsenal, Manhattan Residency Requirement Residency in New York City, Nassau, Orange, Rockland, Suffolk, Putnam or Westchester counties required for employees with over two years of city service. New York City residency required for all other candidates.