Overview At BBVA, we are working to make banking better for everyone. That is where you come in. We are looking for smart, team oriented people who want to be part of a first-class workforce that gives people the tools they need to meet their financial goals, all while delivering an outstanding client experience. Learn more below. General Summary: Supports Bank Campaign initiatives by developing and maintaining processes to extract data from enterprise datamarts and create rules based engines to target customers through multiple communication channels. Also produce reports and presenting recommendations that management can use to make product & market decisions, determine behavior patterns, and provide support for sound business development strategy with the ultimate goal of improvement on overall profitability and efficiency. Responsibilities Primary Duties and Responsibilities: Support campaign execution including development and maintenance of processes to load enterprise data into campaign sandbox for analysis, and event and rule driven calculations. Includes such programs as Customer Onboarding and Account Service Online banking ads. Understand and analyze data findings to formulate sound business strategy. Data Integration, Development and Support for Sales Force Marketing Cloud. Support Customer Journey Building Execution in Sales Force Marketing Cloud. Support campaign integration into multiple channels: Email, CRM, Teller, Mail, Call Center, Online banking, Mobile, Push Notification Data Integration and Development on Corporate Datamart Understanding detailed client objectives and develop customized programming/automation solutions for each. Design and develop effective analytics, reports and presentations for management. Leverage data to formulate revenue opportunity triggers and alerts for the sales team. Track customer metrics to identify cross sell opportunities, improve retention and minimize attrition. Perform data mining to identify patterns, trend & revenue opportunities. Maintain existing code based Customer Dashboard Qualifications Qualifications: Bachelor degree in MIS, Computer Science, Finance, Statistics, Mathematics or equivalent professional experience. Previous work experience related to financial institutions would be a strong plus. 5 – 8 years of related work experience Proficient in SQL queries PL/SQL on Oracle Databases or other SQL languages Proficient in using data management tool such as TOAD, Oracle SQL developer etc Proficient in creating batch scripts (PL/SQL, Python) or ETL tools Proficient in working with relational databases (Datamarts, Data Warehouses), and data modeling concepts Experience with reporting and analysis tools a plus (SAS, Tableau, Microstrategy, etc) Strong quantitative and analytical skill. Excellent communication skills and must be able to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical employees both orally and in writing. Familiar with MVC, MVVM, Visual Studio, C, JavaScript, JQuery and MS a strong plus Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite ( Access, Excel, etc)