Albertsons-Safeway Company is one of the largest food and drug retailers with 2,300+ stores. The Albertsons-Safeway family of brands includes some of the most prominent brands in food retailing, with a growing base of loyal shoppers. Thanks to the professionalism, diversity, spirit and friendliness of our people, we have locations across the U.S. The Information Technology Department has an opening for a Network Engineer. This position is located in Pleasanton, California. Position Purpose The IT Network Services team is responsible for network engineering, deployment and support. In addition, the team design, plans, and execute network projects in supply chain, Retail, backstage and data centers. The objective of this position is to establish Sr. Network Engineer and supporting technology standards in Networking and Network Security, and Information Management. Key Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Network delivery comprises of Cisco LAN/WAN, load balancers and Cisco/Checkpoint security at the corporate data centers. The engineer should be able to work independently by using the Albertsons infrastructure standards/guidelines, work directly with PMO for delivery and architect team for remediation. The engineer should be available with short notice for L3 troubleshooting as needed basis. Network engineers should look at complicated network systems to find flaws or room for improvement. Network engineers should create complex blueprints for communication networks, and must make sure the systems will work together. Network engineers may be a leader of other engineers to create the network. Sometimes many different networks come together at once. Keeping them all organized will take skill. Larger firms have many employees and many engineers working together. Qualifications: BS in computer Science or equivalent network engineering experience 7+ years of engineering and deployment experience with CCIE certification. Experience with selection, design, implementation and support of enterprise network systems and diagnostic tools. Experience of working in ITIL environments. Strong oral and written English communication skills. Ability to communicate technical proposals to management. Excellent organizational, project management, interpersonal, time management, written and oral communication skills. Subject matter expert in Meraki, Cisco and Aruba wireless technologies. Thorough knowledge of wireless architecture, and strong experience of WLAN switching technologies. Working knowledge with network and wireless troubleshooting tools. How to Apply : Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume by visiting careersatsafeway.com Diversity is fundamental at Albertsons-Safeway. We foster an inclusive working environment where the different strengths and perspectives of each employee is both recognized and valued. We believe that building successful relationships with our customers and our communities is only possible through the diversity of our people. A diverse workforce leads to better teamwork and creative thinking, as well as mutual understanding and respect _._ The Albertsons-Safeway policy is to provide employment, training, compensation, promotion and other conditions of employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, medical condition, marital status or any other legally protected status. We support a drug-free workplace - all applicants offered a position are required to pass a pre-employment drug test before they are hired. AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER