Who We Are We’re America’s largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D Power ranked Quicken Loans “Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination” for the past eight consecutive years, 2010 – 2017. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for four consecutive years, 2014 through 2017, each year the company was eligible. There’s a simple reason we’ve been so successful: We care about the people we work with. If you’re tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then you’ll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply won’t find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named 1 in ESSENCE Magazine’s first ever list of “Best Places to Work for African Americans” in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's "Best Places to Work in IT" list for 13 years running, hitting 1 the last five years. We were also ranked 14 in FORTUNE Magazine’s list of "100 Best Companies to Work For" in 2018, remaining in the top-30 for the past 15 years. What You'll Do/Need The SQL Database Administrator builds high-quality, high-performance, scalable database systems to meet the demands of our rapidly growing and ever-changing environment. This team member uses repeatable practices to ensure data availability, integrity and security. The SQL Database Administrator interacts with Developers, Business Analysts, and Network and SAN Engineers, as well as other team members involved in project planning, development and testing. Responsibilities Install and configure SQL servers Perform regular database maintenance tasks such as rebuilding indexes, performing upgrades and regulating storage management Manage database availability, backup/restoration and recovery systems Monitor database system resources and performance Oversee data consistency and third-party interfaces Design high availability architecture and handle disaster recovery planning Initiate and lead project deliverables; drive a high sense of urgency for risk reduction Set the technical direction through the definition and implementation of standards, technical roadmaps, processes and control documents Develop strategic and tactical solutions for the team Participate in the on-call rotation Requirements Bachelor's degree with five years of database administration experience Database administration, design and architecture experience in Windows/SQL server environment Experience as a database administrator working on SQL Server 2012 and higher versions Knowledge of public cloud infrastructures and migration of on-premises SQL Server databases into the cloud (AWS and/or Azure) Thorough understanding of AWS cloud technologies, such as RDS, EC2, S3 Storage, EBS Volumes and CloudWatch Knowledge of high availability technologies and disaster recovery, including AlwaysOn, replication, clustering, log shipping and database partitioning Knowledge of T-SQL and the ability to review the code Knowledge of SQL Server management in cloud environments, specifically PaaS, SaaS and IaaS Thorough understanding of networks, storage, tiered application environments and security Expertise in performance tuning/optimization and the ability to troubleshoot problems and quickly resolve issues What You'll Get Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision insurance and much more Opportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth training Other incentives, contests and rewards, including trips, event tickets, cash prizes and more Why We're Different Corporate politics not your strong suit? The anti-corporate culture of Quicken Loans gives our team members the initiative to build solutions together and grow both personally and professionally. At Quicken Loans, we’re in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly aren’t putting ceilings on our team members’ careers. If you’re interested in working in a place with a philosophy that’s truly different, apply today. Quicken Loans is an equal opportunity employer. _Disclaimer: Quicken Loans received the highest numerical score in the proprietary J.D. Power 2010 – 2016 Primary Mortgage Origination studies and the 2014 – 2017 Primary Mortgage Servicer studies. 2016 Origination (or Sales) based on 5,182 total responses and measures the opinions of customers who originated a new mortgage or refinanced within the past 12 months, surveyed in July – August 2016. 2017 Servicing based on 7,374 total responses and measures the opinions of homeowners on their mortgage servicing company, surveyed in March – April 2017. Your experiences may vary. Visit JDPower.com._ __ _Quicken Loans is the 1 online lender based on the ranking of Quicken Loans in comparison to online residential mortgage lenders included in the Inside Mortgage Finance "Top 50 Mortgage Lenders" report from Q2 2017._