Main Line Health is suburban Philadelphia's most comprehensive health care resource with over 11,000 employees, offering a full range of medical, surgical, obstetric, pediatric, psychiatric and emergency services. Composed of five hospitals, a medical research institute, physician practices and other specialized facilities and services. Recognized as a Magnet system Main Line Health is committed to the highest standards of patient care, education and research. Mirmont Main Line Health’s Mirmont Treatment Center has provided inpatient and outpatient treatment for patients with drug and alcohol dependence since 1985. Mirmont Treatment Center is located on 33 acres in Lima, Delaware County, in a spacious facility that includes treatment areas for individual and group therapy, a fitness center, and 900-square-foot meditation hall. Our nationally acclaimed Valor with Integrity Program for Emergency Responders (V.I.P.E.R.) provides addiction and trauma treatment for law enforcement/police, firefighters, EMTs and combat veterans. We understand that many people who struggle with substance use have experienced severe trauma and have been deeply wounded. Mirmont is a place for healing those wounds and beginning the journey to wellness and renewal. Why work at Mirmont? We have consistently been ranked among the best places to work by Best Places to Work in PA and the Philadelphia Business Journal. We also rank among Modern Healthcare's top 100 places in the nation to work in health care. Our physicians and employees speak highly of the work environment at Main Line Health We are committed to providing exceptional care with empathy and compassion for people at all stages in life. Our Diversity, Respect and Inclusion Initiative celebrates our differences and our similarities. Ultimately, we want everyone to feel respected for who they are. We have made it our mission to provide patients with a superior patient experience. This translates to the consistent delivery of safe, high quality clinical care in the absence of preventable harm. EAP Consultant Provides assessment and referral services to clients of the employee assistance program, conducts periodic follow-up with clients receiving treatment, and provides account management, training and educational services to client organizations. Minimum of a Masters Degree in Social Work, Psychology, Counseling or Family Therapy. Must be licensed to practice his/her profession in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. If his/her discipline is not licensed in Pennsylvania, he/she must hold a nationally recognized certification in his/her field. Certification as an Employee Assistance Professional (CEAP) is preferred. Minimum of two years post-Masters clinical experience, preferably in employee assistance. Must have experience in assessing emotional disorders and psychoactive substance use disorders. Must be experienced in designing and delivering training/educational programs on a variety and topics related to psychosocial health, interpersonal skill- building, and optimal occupational and organization performance. We offer competitive compensation and outstanding comprehensive benefits including tuition reimbursement, 403B matching savings plan, a pension plan, and a generous paid time off program. _Applicants must certify that they have not used tobacco products or nicotine in any form in the 90-days prior to submitting an application to Main Line Health. This will be verified during pre-employment testing. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. Please, no agency calls._ __ Primary Location : United States-Pennsylvania-BrynMawr Work Locations : Founders Bank Building 101 S Bryn Mawr Avenue BrynMawr 19010 Job : Professional/Technical Organization : S06565-EAP Operations - MLH Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Job Employee Status : Regular Job Posting : Aug 10, 2018, 1:29:50 PM Shift Details : 1