Job ID : 148875 Location Name: CA-FSC SF Off (0174) Address: 525 Market St, 32nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States (US) Job Type: Full Time Position Type (Regular/Temporary): Regular Job Function: Finance Our North American operations are based in the heart of San Francisco’s Financial District, but you won’t hear us call it a headquarters –it’s the Field Support Center (FSC). At the FSC, we support our stores in providing the best possible experience for every client. Dedicated teams cater to our client’s every need by creating covetable assortments, curated content, compelling storytelling, smart strategy, skillful analysis, expert training, and more. It takes a lot of curious and confident individuals, disrupting the status quo and taking chances. The pace is fast, the fun is furious, and the passion is real. We never rest on our laurels. Our motto? If it’s not broken, fix it. Your role at Sephora: As a Manager-Analytics, this role resides within the Sephora inside JC Penney (SiJCP) business unit with exposure to the broader Sephora Analytics team. The ideal candidate will provide thought leadership and creative insight on SiJCP sales and loyalty program activities critical to SiJCP’s success. Reporting to the Sr. Finance Director, SiJCP you will work closely with business unit leadership as well as across multiple marketing channels, allowing broad exposure and impact to the organization. The role requires outstanding analytical skills, strong business acumen, and excellent interpersonal abilities. In addition, you will: Develop testing plans to measure KPIs and efficiency of programs Oversee forecasting of client-led programs Partner with US Retail analytics and campaign operations teams to ensure that data is collected and aggregated to enable effective targeting Conduct deep-dive analyses on SiJCP clients to provide data-driven insights on demographic data and shopping patterns. Serve as a strategic thought leader as we evolve our SiJCP marketing programs; Collaborate with key cross-functional partners to uncover and explain the drivers of business performance Communicate broadly to the organization to report on performance, learnings & insights of client led programs; Help the organization evolve to client centric marketing Manage and develop one direct report Demonstrate our Sephora values of Passion for Client Service, Innovation, Expertise, Balance, Respect for All, Teamwork, and Initiative. We’re excited about you if you have: Bachelor’s degree with at least 4 years of experience Strong Excel skills; Knowledge of SQL required Experience with SAS, APT and/or Tableau preferred Exceptional problem solving and analytic skills Demonstrated success in analyzing trends and providing actionable data-driven insights; Experience in database marketing preferred Ability to manage several projects simultaneously and prioritize appropriately Strong interpersonal skills to collaborate with cross-functional teams Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate findings to all levels of the organization You’ll love working here because: The people. You will be surrounded by some of the most talented, supportive, smart, and kind leaders and teams – people you can be proud to work with. The product. Employees enjoy a product discount and receive free product (“gratis”) various times throughout the year. (Think your friends and family love you now? Just wait until you work at Sephora!) The business. It feels good to win – and Sephora is a leader in the retail industry, defining experiential retail with a digital focus and creating the most loved beauty community in the world…with the awards and accolades to back it up. The perks. Sephora offers comprehensive medical benefits, generous vacation/holiday time off, commuter benefits, and “Summer Fridays” (half-days every Friday between Memorial and Labor Day)…and so much more. The LVMH family. Sephora’s parent company, LVMH, is one of the largest luxury groups in the world, providing support to over 70 brands such as Louis Vuitton, Celine, Marc Jacobs, and Dior. Sephora is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, military/veteran status, or disability status. Sephora is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Sephora will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law. LI-KH1 COMPANY OVERVIEW: SEPHORA has been changing the face of prestige cosmetics since its debut in 1970s Paris. Sephora was acquired by luxury group Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton (LVMH) in 1997 then launched stateside in 1998, and is currently home to 200 world-class brands - including its own private label, SEPHORA COLLECTION. Sephora's curated assortment features more than 14,000 products including makeup, skin care, perfume, hair care, body, professional tools and more. Sephora is the beauty education hub, offering consultations at the Beauty Studio, a variety of complimentary classes, one-on-one service from Personal Beauty Advisors, and exclusive retail technology SKINCARE IQ, COLOR IQ, and FRAGRANCE IQ. Sephora is an international force in beauty, and its award- winning website and ever-growing presence on social-media make it the world's premier digital beauty destination. Nearest Major Market: San Francisco Nearest Secondary Market: Oakland Job Segment: Developer, Marketing Manager, SQL, Database, Field Service, Technology, Marketing, Manufacturing