Requisition Number: 66209 As a Senior Architect , you will be the Subject Mater Expert assigned to Microsoft Cloud with concentration on Enterprise Mobility Suite and Security opportunities and work closely with the sales and the delivery team. You will be responsible for the technical direction, standard and process the customer drives within these technologies. You might be required to perform oversight, design, solutioning and pre-sales of Microsoft solutions and related technologies. Insight is looking for talented individuals who are passionate about emerging technologies and excited about the opportunity to work for industry-leading organizations! What you’ll do at Insight: Accountable for the overall technical solution of all projects Serve as the subject matter expert for Microsoft Cloud specifically around Enterprise Mobility Suite, Azure Active Directory. Active Directory and related technologies. Provide business direction and solutions around Security and threat management Engage with business stakeholders to understand required capabilities, integrating business knowledge with technical solutions Stay abreast of latest Microsoft-based technologies Provide technical oversight across multiple engagements as well as approve all technical deliverables Demonstrate broad solutions technical leadership, impacting significant technical direction, exerting influence outside of the immediate team and driving change Work with our resourcing on staffing all Microsoft based Projects Work closely with Insight teammates to ensure timely delivery of product and coordination of technology resources at client locations Provide Pre-Sales support for clients with complex requirements (deep technology / high risk) What you’ll need to join Insight: 5-10 years of relevant industry experience in an enterprise\Consulting environment Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university Experience working in a consulting environment is preferred Certifications in Microsoft Cloud and EMS is a Must Complete understanding of Security Compliance across organizations Extensive Experience in designing and implementing Office 365, Exchange, Skype for Business, Enterprise Mobility Suite, Azure Active Directory. Active Directory required. In-depth understanding of MDM's (Intune\Airwatch), Cloud Identity Manager, CASB, AIP Understanding of System Center CoManagement Experience in managing/working with Windows/iOS/Android Hold the basic understanding of networking, desktop/server level configuration and management Ability to present in front of customer and discuss in depth the above technologies in detail Provide an understanding of what is needed to implement the above technologies in a complex environment The position described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight. For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, click here. About Insight Insight’s success begins with our people making meaningful connections every day. Our culture lives in our teammates. Insight is looking for great people who will embrace our values of Hunger, Heart and Harmony. Hunger to create new opportunities for our clients. Heart to make a positive impact in people’s lives. Harmony to celebrate each other’s unique contributions to bring solutions to clients. Join our team as we work to deliver the best solutions through Intelligent Technology Solutions™, the new IT. Global technology provider of IT hardware, software and service solutions Fortune 500 company founded in 1988 with clients around the globe $5.5 billion in revenue for 2016 6,400+ teammates worldwide 2017 Arizona’s Most Admired Companies (AZ Business Magazine), 2016 Best Places to Work (Phoenix Business Journal) 2017 Dell EMC Titanium Black Partner, 2016 HP US Personal Systems Reseller of the Year, 2016 Cisco Gold Certification in North America, Microsoft’s largest global partner Today's talent leads tomorrow's success. Learn about careers at Insight: jobs.insight.com. Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. Posting Notes: New York || New York (US-NY) || United States (US) || MSOP-SC || None || US - New York, NY || LI-MC1