Constellis was established in 2010 by a group of operators and investors who sought to combine best-in-class brands, assets and people within the complex risk management industry. Today, the leading provider of risk management and operational support services worldwide, Constellis combines the legacy capabilities and experience of ACADEMI, AMK9, Triple Canopy, Olive Group, OMNIPLEX, Centerra, Edinburgh International, Strategic Social and all of their affiliates. From life support, procurement, operations and maintenance to high-threat protection, training, C4I systems integration and crisis response, Constellis helps its clients achieve and sustain success, no matter where they are in the world. Constellis operates in approximately 40 countries with regional offices in Africa, the Americas, Europe and the Middle East. Constellis is headquartered just outside of Washington, D.C. in Reston, VA POSITION: Background Investigator RESPONSIBILITIES: Conduct federal background investigations and prepare reports of investigations in compliance with ICD 704 standards, all laws, and other required federal agency regulations. Work cases throughout the geographic area of responsibility and travel to various places of employment, residence and education institutions. QUALIFICATIONS: U.S. Citizenship; H.S. Diploma or equivalent; Minimum of three (3) years within the last ten (10) years of investigations experience at the federal, state, or local level of government; Experience conducting one-on-one subject interviews is required; Reliable personal vehicle, valid driver's license, and satisfactory driving record; Willing to travel on temporary duty assignments as needed (by car or plane); Successfully pass background checks and all required training; Current (within the last 2 years) Single Scope Background Investigation (SSBI) or active Secret level security clearance based on an SSBI and able to obtain the required security clearance. WHY CONSTELLIS? With operations across every major continent and an annual revenue of $1.7 billion dollars, Constellis provides a wide array of opportunities for individuals looking to build successful careers in a fast-paced, growing industry. Legal, moral and ethical business practices remain at the cornerstone of our culture and Constellis continues to be recognized for our emphasis on quality and compliance. This strong track-record of performance is supported by our deep relationships across key government agencies and blue chip commercial customers. With more than 21,000 personnel worldwide, the majority of whom are military or law enforcement veterans, we leverage our employees' ambition and passion for creating a safer world. Our extensive operational expertise is augmented by our intimate knowledge of economies, communities and cultures. As a result, we share a willingness to support complex operations in some of the world's most demanding places. BENEFITS: Constellis offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation, a flexible benefits package, work-life balance, and tailored career development programs that reflect its commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace. Medical, Vision & Dental Insurance Paid Time-Off Program & Company Paid Holidays 401(k) Retirement Plan Insurance: Basic Life & Supplemental Life Health & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts Short-Term & Long-Term Disability Personal Development & Learning Opportunities On-the-job Training, Skills Development & Certifications Employee Referral Program Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach WORKING CONDITIONS: Work is typically based in a busy office environment and subject to frequent interruptions. Business work hours are Monday through Friday from 9 am to 6 pm, however, some extended or weekend hours may be required. The position does not require regular travel. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: May be required to lift and carry awkward items weighing up to 25 lbs. Requires intermittent standing, walking, sitting, squatting, stretching and bending throughout the workday. Equal Opportunity Employer Race/Color/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Disability/Vet Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled