Known for being a great place to work and build a career, KPMG provides audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today's most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It's also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it's no wonder we're consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you're as passionate about your future as we are, join our team. KPMG is currently seeking a Manager in Technology Enablement for our Management Consulting practice. Responsibilities: Lead client service delivery teams at Asset Management and major Financial Services clients in the active execution of data and analytics engagements in compliance with firm standards Utilize technical and industry knowledge to identify complex client issues and build long-term business relationships with key executives through engagement delivery and networking in professional organizations Participate in business development by identifying new opportunities and assisting with proposal development Research, experiment, and utilize leading Big Data and Machine Learning platforms to add business value Manage and provide leadership to teams of staff level professionals and become actively involved in staff development and practice management Qualifications: A minimum of five years of overall experience spanning Project Management, Information Technology and Data Management focused on developing business, process and technology solutions with three years of financial services industry experience with a professional services advisory firm or publicly traded company and Bachelor's degree from an accredited college/university; MBA or MIS from an accredited college/university is preferred Experience in Data & Analytics Strategy assessments, and the development of associated Business Case, Target Operating Model and Future State Roadmap Experience with implementing data and analytics projects on big data platforms, with a lead role on at least one production implementation Knowledge of information management, analytics applications, advanced visualization tools, data sourcing & integration method on big data platforms Familiarity with cloud and hybrid architectures for data and analytics, usage patterns, and implementation scenarios Strong understanding of governance, controls, process and procedures, centers of competency, change management, conceptual data modeling, master data management, data standardization and stewardship, information integrity and compliance, and data quality management and travel may be up to 80-100% of the time Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex/gender, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, physical or mental handicap unrelated to ability, pregnancy, veteran status, unfavorable discharge from military service, genetic information, personal appearance, family responsibility, matriculation or political affiliation, status with regard to public assistance, or other legally protected status. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192). No phone calls or agencies please.