Company Overview Company Overview GroupM is the largest media investment company in the world – purchasing more than $104 bn. in billings. (RECMA 2013) GroupM serves as the parent company to Maxus, MEC, Mediacom, Mindshare, MetaVision Media and Xaxis. GroupM and its agencies employ over seventeen thousand people in four hundred offices spanning eighty-one countries. GroupM Data & Analytics is a full service analytics, data, business, and marketing consultancy. We maximize our clients’ and agencies’ marketing ROI by providing leading edge data management tools, advanced analytics, and consulting to monitor, evaluate, and optimize media investments. Position Overview Candidates are expected to demonstrate the following skills/experience: hands- on skills in managing large data sets, familiarity with big-data concepts, cloud computing, open-source tools, and optimization techniques, excellent oral and written communication skills, client focus and the ability to support and enable teamwork, self-motivated and able to operate independently with limited guidance and direction. Responsibilities Identify and develop a strong understanding of client’s core objectives and challenge Document data architecture requirements and QA guidelines Retrieve, compile, and format large volumes of data Attend key design meetings and provide support Assist implementation lead in resolving database architecture questions Meet project timelines and deliverable schedules Ensure deliverable matches client’s requirements Support clients on a day to day basis to help resolve system issues and answer client questions REQUIREMENTS 3+ years’ experience in digital analytics, preferably in top tier media agency or Adtech vendor Previous commercial experience, preferably in the technology sector Advertising Agency experience (preferred) Deep understanding of the online advertising industry / eco-system BS in Computer Science or related technical field required. An MS is preferred. 1-2 years related work experience in the field of data management, marketing analytics, and technology Understand data processing, i.e. Extract/Transform/Load Good communication and written skills Ability to work on multiple projects at a time Experience with the full development life cycle of an application stack - from architecture through test and deployment. Skills in SQL and proven experience working with at least one of the major databases platforms (SQLServer, Oracle, DB2, MySQL, Sybase, or Postgres) Strong analytical skills; ability to analyze raw data, draw conclusions, and develop actionable recommendations Organized, detail-oriented, QA-focused Experience with visualization tools including Tableau, Spotfire, Omniscope and MicroStrategy will be highly valued Proficient in system architectures (translating application design to operational requirements) Prior knowledge of advertising ecosystem, understanding of marketing metrics, and analytical products offered as a service is preferred Familiarity with scripting like R, Python, VBA, Perl and cloud computing techniques is preferred JAVA