Functional Area: IT - Information Technology Estimated Travel Percentage (%): No Travel Relocation Provided: No VARIABLE ANNUITY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY INC Reporting Lead Your future team Our technology teams collaborate with their worldwide colleagues and partners every day to take on the challenges of providing IT support to one of the world’s leading financial services firm. We’re people who believe that with the right values and hard work, anything is possible. We know that if we’re at our best, that enables our customers to be their best and realize their dreams and hoped for successes. The Information Technology group provides enterprise- wide IT solutions for all of AIG’s specialized disciplines. Technology provides strategic and procedural support in all of AIG’s specialized disciplines, such as policy issuance, premium collection, claims handling, and administration. It enables AIG to deliver business strategies through efficient world-class IT and operations services, while ensuring the necessary IT risk management and security measures are in place. Your contribution at AIG As an influencer at AIG, people come to you as a “go-to” source for help and support because of your deep knowledge and expertise. As a more experienced team member, you are capable of driving continual improvement and impacting the way that things get done. Because of your influence, whether direct or indirect, we are able to deliver powerful outcomes for our clients Position Summary This position will be responsible for writing report automation business requirements for IT projects in the Career Distribution support area with a focus on the business reporting. This position is also responsible for many senior level reports that will be delivered to senior management on a set schedule. These reports are used to track a variety of sales performance metrics for the 1,200 VALIC Advisors. A strong understanding of Excel, SQL, Power BI, and/or QlikView. What we are looking for The ideal candidate for this position will have: Education/Experience: Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology or related field. 2-4 years of experience analyzing and solving business problems through the development and implementation of business applications preferred. Familiar with Excel formulas and macros. Familiar with SQL queries. Knowledge/Skills Knowledge of industry and company. Familiarity with PC and mainframe applications. Analytical, interpersonal and written/verbal communication skills. Knowledge of business analysis techniques. Data mapping. Work collaboratively among stakeholders.Experience with Business Intelligence such as Power BI and/or QlikView. What our IT Employees like most about working for AIG: Employee atmosphere and people approach Career path and growth potential Paid Time Off (AIG recognizes the importance of work life balance) Generous Benefits Plan: Medical, Dental & Vision Coverage Company opportunities for charitable participation and giving 401(k) Retirement Plan with company match Flexible spending accounts & Insurance Coverage It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives.