Company Description: Quartet is a pioneering technology company connecting physical and mental care to improve people’s health and quality of life. We are building a collaborative technology platform that brings together physicians, mental health providers, and insurance companies to effectively improve patient outcomes and drive down healthcare costs. Our data-driven platform identifies high-need patients and facilitates access to personalized care. Backed by $92MM in venture funding from top investors like GV (formerly Google Ventures) and Oak HC/FT, Quartet is headquartered in NYC and is currently operating in several markets across the US - Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Louisiana, Washington, Northern California, and New Jersey. Role Description Quartet is looking for a full stack engineer who wants to build products that help patients improve their lives through mental healthcare. You will be part of a cross-functional team of full-stack engineers, product managers, and designers, focused on complex engineering challenges unique to the healthcare industry. Who You Are You are a full stack engineer who has been in a hands-on role developing API- driven web applications for over 4 years. Your passion in collaboration stems from a ceaseless desire to learn from team members of all disciplines and experiences. React and Node.js are where you have made your mark in your career, and you are always looking for opportunities to broaden your technical skill set. You love finding simple, elegant solutions to complicated problems. Your Responsibilities at Quartet Develop responsive product features in Javascript on both the client and server sides Contribute to our code base and help ensure that our coding standards and patterns are observed through code reviews and pair programming Collaborate with our DevOps team to build and scale tools/libraries, streamlining developer workflows and improving the developer experience Feel inspired to refactor, implement changes, or develop processes that will improve everyone’s workflow. Benefits and Perks Medical, dental, vision and life insurance Enhanced mental health benefits Paid membership to One Medical Pre-tax health, transit and dependent care flexible spending accounts Fee-free 401(k) program Unlimited vacation and sick leave, and competitive family leave policy Amazing office with stocked kitchen, family room, weekly team lunches, and regular company gatherings Working with some of the most talented and mission-driven minds in the industry!