Overview About the company: We Began As An Original. We Remain An Original At The Top Of The Convenience Industry. 7-Eleven invented the concept of convenience retailing. But we didn’t stop there. 7-Eleven® has captured the world with a proven willingness and ability to innovate. We were the first company in America to offer fresh-brewed to-go coffee. We were also the first to operate 24 hours a day and have a self –serve soda fountain. Also, more than 6.5 billion of our Slurpee® beverages have been sipped since 1966. With over 63,000 global locations in 18 countries and over 20 Billion annual transactions, 7-Eleven Inc. is the world’s largest operator, franchisor and licensor of convenience stores and is also one of the nation’s largest independent gasoline retailers. The company continues to achieve operational accolades, win awards in franchising and drive innovation in retail in the mission to make life a little easier for our guests by being where they need us, when they need us. At 7-Eleven we are redefining convenience for our customers by building experiences of the future, powered by digital. We are utilizing Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to mine our customer transactions, text data and Images to provide personalized offers, build recommendation systems, chatbots, predictive models and other AI/ML solutions which makes business easy for our customers and stores. We also leverage Machine Learning to power our Loyalty program-7Rewards and our delivery program-7Now. 7-Eleven is making some serious moves to digitally transform into a store of the future, exploring e-commerce, augmented reality (AR), and artificial intelligence (AI) to meet the changing needs of customers. Below links tell more about 7-Eleven’s footprint in North America and 7-Eleven’s digital and Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning initiatives from the Chief Digital Officer: 7-Eleven digital transformation ushers in new era of convenience | CIO 7-Eleven CDO And CIO Creates Experiences Of The Future For Customers How 7-Eleven digitally transformed into the convenience store of the future Latest updates on 7-Eleven AI initiatives around the globe: 7-Eleven Expands Its Facial Recognition Tech 7-Eleven Taiwan opens first unmanned 'X-Store' Responsibilities BASIC QUALIFICATIONS In the process of obtaining Masters degree (Ph.D. preferred) in Computer Science Experience with Machine Learning models (using Python, R, etc) Hands on experience and thorough understanding of the deep learning models Experience with Natural Language Processing models Enthusiastic to learn and solve open ended business problems Able to write SQL scripts for analysis and reporting ( SQL, MySQL) Experience using one or more programming languages (e.g. Python, Java, C++) Experience with handling big data: processing, filtering, and presenting (100K - Millions of rows) of data Qualifications PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Preferred graduation date between May 2019 and May 2020 Experience in machine learning such as supervised and unsupervised learning, deep learning etc.) Exposure to Cloud environment such as AWS, Azure, etc. Experience with distributed modelling such as PySpark, H2o, etc. Experience in communicating technically, at a level appropriate for the audience Experience working on Retail Industry use cases such as Recommender systems, Product Assortment, etc.