Data Engineer - 256574 Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Primary Location IL-Chicago Full-time / Part-time Full-time Employee Status Regular Overtime Status Exempt Job Type Experienced Travel Yes, 5 % of the Time Shift Day Job Work Hours Full - Time Job Sensitivity Tier II - No Credit Check Job Summary: The Data Engineer creates and enhances data solutions enabling seamless delivery of data. This position is responsible for collecting, parsing, managing and analyzing large sets of data across different domains for analysis. This role designs and develops data pipelines (data ingestion and ETL processes) that are scalable, repeatable and secure for stakeholder needs. This role operates under minimal supervision and has no direct reports. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: _Data Management_ Assists in creating the data management strategies to support business intelligence efforts for various stakeholders Builds out data architecture to support data strategy Leads the design of the logical data model and implements the physical database structure Constructs and implements operational data stores and data marts Provide support for deployed data applications and analytical models by being a trusted advisor to Data Scientists and other data consumers by identifying data problems and guiding issue resolution _Data Pipeline Management_ Develops real-time and batch ETL data processes aligned with business needs Manages and augments the data pipeline from raw OLTP databases to data solution structures Documents data flow diagrams, security access, data quality and data availability across all business systems Education and Experience: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, related field or equivalent experience One or more years of relevant work experience Knowledge and Skills: Knowledge of data warehouse technical architectures and ETL/ELT processes Knowledge of scripting languages (ie. Python) Experience with Hadoop, Cloudera, Pig, Hive, Spark, Sqoop, etc. a plus Knowledge and proven understanding of big data tools and software Critical thinking and decision making abilities Possesses strong written and verbal communication skills Demonstrates excellent customer service skills Excellent attention to detail This document indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this position. It is not a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. An employee's responsibilities, tasks, and duties might differ from those outlined in the job description, and other duties, as assigned, are a part of the job. The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago reserves the right to modify the elements of this job description, as business needs require.