The Role We are seeking machine learning developers with natural language processing experience. In general, we are looking for people who are self-motivated and passionate about the field of machine learning and the vast applications of it. These folks will have the ability to work with / understand / and build on top of an existing code base using their deep knowledge of various machine learning algorithms (e.g. neural networks, bayesian methods, etc). Key responsibilities include, but not limited to: Build on top of an existing text processing/classification system Write, maintain, and develop python machine learning modules & repos Run hyperparameter optimizations + collect, analyze, visualize, and present results What You Need to Succeed BS or MS in computer science, mathematics, physics or other hard science/engineering discipline Programming in Python ~ 2+ years Numpy, scipy, pandas, Jupyter, and scikit-learn background Data visualization (e.g. matplotlib, seaborn, bokeh, mpld3, etc) Ability to implement machine learning algorithms from scratch Experience with full machine learning pipeline: from data preprocessing, to building/training various models, to hyperparameter optimization, testing, and visualization of results. Background in deep learning preferred but not required In Your Application Please Include A past machine learning project you worked on in which highlights your skills, including: What tools/models did you use? What were some problems you encountered along the way, and how did you solve them? What Brightidea Offers Market competitive salary and significant equity in a well-funded, growing company A chance to impact human creativity Generous vacation and holidays Top-notch benefits (healthcare, vision, dental, maternity, paternity, retirement) A unique opportunity to use your leadership skills, experience, and contacts to build a team and shape the culture of the company. An incredible team of fun, humble but brilliant co-workers Background Helping large companies innovate isn’t easy, but it is vital. Vital to creating new jobs. Vital to igniting growth. Vital to ensuring a safe, healthy and prosperous future of billions around the globe. But, Innovation at large companies is a mess. Employees have lots of ideas on how to improve a business, but with no formal process, their suggestions go unheard and they give up trying to make a difference. Corporate innovation labs are expected to support countless different activities to promote innovation but lack the right tools for the job. Executives are seeing disruption everywhere they look and investing millions, but still have no idea where their “next big thing” will come from, or if it will come at all. At Brightidea, we’ve built a platform that’s solving those problems. We’ve been helping corporate R &D teams be more efficient with the 1.5 Trillion dollars invested annually. Our Team We’re a tight-knit, entrepreneurial minded, team of self-starters who show up every day for the same reason: to create an impact on the way the world innovates. Our aim this year at Brightidea is to make it our Best Year Ever and we plan to accomplish that through our creative, focused, ambitious, and humble approach to change the way corporate R &D teams run innovation challenges. Anyone entering our company will have the opportunity to shape the culture and be an integral part of setting it up for long term success. If you can identify with being humble, T-shaped, and relentlessly resourceful than this could be the perfect team for you to add your contributions to and shine in. Brightidea believes that everyone has the ability to make a difference and that a diverse team generates more innovation and bigger ideas. Just as our product invites organizations to crowd source innovation across their workforce, Brightidea is inclusive and does not discriminate. We accept everybody.