Architect - 18000NE7 Preferred Qualifications The Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) team can provide you the opportunity to build and operate a suite of massive scale, integrated cloud services in a broadly distributed, multi-tenant cloud environment. OCI is committed to providing the best in cloud products that meet the needs of our customers who are tackling some of the world’s biggest challenges. We offer unique opportunities for smart, hands-on engineers with the expertise and passion to solve difficult problems in distributed highly available services and virtualized infrastructure. At every level, our engineers have a significant technical and business impact designing and building innovative new systems to power our customer’s business critical applications. Cloud Infrastructure Group (Seattle, WA) Are you interested in building large-scale distributed infrastructure for the cloud? Oracle’s Cloud Infrastructure team is building new Infrastructure- as-a-Service technologies that operate at high scale in a broadly distributed multi-tenant cloud environment. Our customers run their businesses on our cloud, and our mission is to provide them with best in class compute, storage, networking, database, security, and an ever expanding set of foundational cloud-based services. http://cloud.oracle.com/compute We’re looking for hands-on engineers with expertise and passion in solving difficult problems in distributed systems, virtualized infrastructure, and highly available services. If this is you, at Oracle you can design and build innovative new systems from the ground up. These are exciting times in our space - we are growing fast, still at an early stage, and working on ambitious new initiatives. An engineer at any level can have significant technical and business impact. As a member of our team you will own and lead software architecture and development for major components of Oracle’s Cloud Infrastructure. You should be a distributed systems generalist, able to architect broad systems interactions, while being very hands-on, able to dive deep into any part of the stack and lower level system interactions. You should value simplicity and scale, work comfortably in a collaborative, agile environment, and be excited to learn. Minimum Qualifications 8+ years’ experience delivering and operating large scale, highly available distributed systems. Strong knowledge of C, C++ or Java, and experience with scripting languages such as Python, Perl, etc. Strong knowledge of data structures, algorithms, operating systems, and distributed systems fundamentals. Working familiarity with networking protocols (TCP/IP, HTTP) and standard network architectures. Strong understanding of databases, NoSQL systems, storage and distributed persistence technologies. Strong troubleshooting and performance tuning skills. Experience building multi-tenant, virtualized infrastructure a strong plus. Detailed Description and Job Requirements Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will assist in defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, debugging or designing of software applications or operating systems. Provide technical leadership to other software developers. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture to meet changing needs. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.