Corporate quality team needs a new quality system manager position to work with IT to integrate the existing management systems, gather raw data from systems, translate into linkable/traceable data, analyze the data, find root cause, provide improvement plan, work with all related Depts. to implement the plan, measure the effectiveness of change repeatably, fine tune the solution until it reaches the goal throughout the organization. Establishes and ensures that adequate controls are implemented during the processing of raw materials, products and finished devices. Essential Duties and Responsibilities The responsibilities will include, but not limited to: Develop, implement, and maintain quality and process control systems, in compliance with corporate quality policies, coordinate with cross team personnel to ensure product quality meets design specifications and customer expectations. Develop, implement, and maintain Statistical Process Control (SPC) and Statistical Quality Control (SQC) data for consistency, accuracy and coordinate with cross team personnel to ensure compliance to internal standards, customer specifications, and control plan requirements. Effectively track all SPC data and communicate process performance. Effectively follow-up and implementation of corrective actions from Complaint system Train personnel in appropriate problem solving methodologies (6-Sigma, Lean Manufacturing, SPC, SQC, FMEA, Cause Mapping, 5-Whys, 8-D analysis, etc.). Qualifications : Bachelor’s degree preferred Minimum of 3 - 5 years’ experience in a quality professional role He/she should possess strong people skills, leadership qualities, managerial abilities, a sense of urgency, accountability, business ethics, professionalism, self-motivation and the desire and focus to improve the business. Experience in electronics/mechanical engineering/computer coding is preferred. About Super Micro Computer, Inc.: Supermicro® (NASDAQ: SMCI) is a Top Tier provider of advanced server, storage, and networking solutions for Data Center, Cloud Computing, Enterprise IT, Hadoop/ Big Data, Hyperscale, HPC and IoT/Embedded customers worldwide. We are the 5 fastest growing company among the Silicon Valley Top 50 technology firms. Our unprecedented global expansion has provided us with the opportunity to offer a large number of new positions to the technology community. We seek talented, passionate, and committed engineers, technologists, and business leaders to join us.