The Information Governance Analyst provides day to day services in support of the Firm and client needs relating to assuring electronic information is secured and monitored. The electronic information governance team is responsible for assessing and monitoring groups and processes that administer access, transfer electronic information and review privileges in the environment. The key operational responsibilities focus around assuring secure processes are in place at the firm and critical third parties around electronic information management. Relevant processes include reviews of client information storage and access management, privileged access reviews, legal hold management, inventorying data processes and workflows for IS operations as it relates to compliance with client and regulatory requirements. Responsibilities Directly provide services relating to governance and assurance for handling of the Firm's electronic information, including Assessing handling of matter-specific information within various areas of the firm Periodic reviews of business units that administer access management Periodic reviews of privileged access groups Periodic reviews and assessment of third parties with privileged access to firm and client information Ownership and upkeep of “data maps” i.e. workflows within the firm that handle personal information Review and monitor sensitive data flows to ensure requirements are legitimate Review Outside Client Guidelines as it relates to requirements for information security, information management and coordinate with various teams to ensure compliance Legal hold management Responsible for implementation of legal holds and managing all related legal hold and archiving systems, processes and data. Management of attorney move data transfers. Assist in information governance and compliance needs for the firm and clients as needed. Required Skills Bachelor's degree required. At least 4 years direct experience working in information governance or information assurance/ compliance, and at least 5 years of experience in a legal or professional services environment. Information assurance/compliance certification preferred. Expertise in the principles and best practices of information governance and assurance. Broad knowledge of compliance tools and processes Experience with writing policies and procedures Knowledge of relevant laws and best practices relating to information assurance. Experience responding to internal and external client IT audits. Able to handle multiple projects and priorities simultaneously with professionalism, client service orientation, attention to detail, and sense of urgency. Superior analytical and problem-solving abilities. Work requirements On site during normal working hours and available when necessary before or after normal working hours; a flexible schedule is required. Required to monitor and respond to email and phone calls after hours and weekends. Disclaimer Statement The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of the work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Required Experience