Overview Cures Start Here. At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, home to three Nobel laureates, interdisciplinary teams of world-renowned scientists seek new and innovative ways to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and other life-threatening diseases. Fred Hutch’s pioneering work in bone marrow transplantation led to the development of immunotherapy, which harnesses the power of the immune system to treat cancer. An independent, nonprofit research institute based in Seattle, Fred Hutch houses the nation’s first and largest cancer prevention research program, as well as the clinical coordinating center of the Women’s Health Initiative and the international headquarters of the HIV Vaccine Trials Network. Fred Hutch is an active partner in the Seattle Cancer Care Alliance (SCCA), which brings together the leading research teams and cancer specialists of Fred Hutch, Seattle Children’s and UW Medicine. Join us and make a difference! Careers Start Here. The Financial Management Systems Analyst I/II will provide support for business users of the Financial Management Systems (FMS), including PeopleSoft Financials, HARP (a BI/Reporting system), Hutch Grants (Grants Management system), and other ancillary financial systems. The position will have primary responsibility for the FMS Support Desk, providing tier 1 support for calls, emails and service tickets. The position will troubleshoot errors, work with users to identify solutions or workarounds, log issues internally and with vendors, and track resolutions. Partnering with FMIS staff, the Analyst may also play a role in supporting projects by identifying enhancement requests, testing new solutions/defect fixes and participating in training of end users. The Analyst may also identify training needs and deliver live or virtual training on the FMS systems. The ideal candidate possesses an interest and some background in information systems, natural curiosity about business and business systems, passion for customer service, and a positive attitude. Responsibilities Application Support Tier 1 support via the FMS Support Desk. Responsible for issue triage and resolution or escalation to various specialized analysts during support hours (8-5). Serve as a liaison between the FMS staff, end users, subject matter experts and technical support related to issue resolution. Document and communicate problem resolution. Own the “life cycle” of an issue from identification/logging, research, workaround/fix and communication with end user. Create/Manage knowledgebase related to end user help documentation. Serve as point of contact and provide documentation to support application security audits. Assist the Director and FMS Managers in creation and tracking of key performance metrics. Provide excellent customer service and advocate on behalf of customers’ needs. Projects and Training Collaborate with FMS Analysts to gather and document business requirements. Assist in testing. Create and maintain test scripts. Execute testing and track results. Assist in preparation and delivery of Training documentation. Assist FMS Analysts in project related tasks. Deliver periodic training on core FMS functionality (in class or virtual). Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Business, Accounting, Computer Science, or related field preferred Strong communication and customer service skills Demonstrated experience (2-4 years preferred) of customer support/help desk Strong organizational skills (multi-tasking) and a self-motivator Excel in detailed analysis and problem solving Ability to work independently and in a team environment Knowledge and understanding of Relational Database Systems preferred Experience in Financials Systems preferred (PeopleSoft Financials) A quick self-learner of software and motivated to learn new applications Display a strong sense of curiosity in all aspects of work Our Commitment to Diversity We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and VEVRAA Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at escmail@fredhutch.org or by calling 206-667-4700.