Campus Card Systems Administrator University of San Francisco Job Summary: The Campus Card Systems Administrator will apply values based and community policing principles when responding to the needs of the community. The Systems Administrator practices leadership that is collaborative, creative, adaptive, based on influence, is multi-directional, and non-coercive. The Systems Administrator provides services with the understanding that leaders, followers, and participants develop a common purpose to achieve mutual goals. Reporting directly to the One Card and Campus Securities Systems Assistant Director, the Systems Administrator is responsible for assisting with all technical aspects of the systems and devices administered by One Card and Campus Security Systems, and other duties. In addition, the Systems Administrator serves as the resident USF “Integrator” for all aspects of Access Control. As part of the larger staff in Student Life, One Card employees collaborate and cooperate across divisions and departments to create a supportive University community which encourages student learning and development in the Jesuit Catholic tradition. The mission of Student Life is to fully support holistic student development within a social justice framework centered in preparing students to be caring, socially responsible citizens in our global and local community. Job Responsibilities: ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: System Administration: Level 1 support of SHARE front desk computers. If escalation to ITS is required, open the ticket and coordinate each step of resolution with ITS until completion. Level 1 support of Dispatch computers, network, and systems. If escalation to ITS is required, open the ticket and coordinate each step of resolution with ITS until completion. Installation, maintenance, and support for all aspects of the campus Access Control system Install, maintain, and support one card POS devices (c2c machine, laundry, vending etc) Serves as the Application Expert of the CS Gold Campus Card system Level two support of credentialing Install, maintain and support Entitlement verification devices and system (ie Koret check-in, SRP, St Mary’s Clinic etc) In an Integrator role, coordinate and manage contractors (installers) from multiple trades, including but not limited to: o Low Voltage o Data/Networking/Signaling o Locksmith o Carpenters Access Control: Lead Integrator for all Access Control installations (ad-hoc as well as large construction projects) Administer all annual card access assignments for 20,000+ cardholders of the following types: o Residential o Administrative o Entitlements Process day-to-day supplemental card access requests received via the One Card website Ensure cardholder access database is accurate based on cardholder eligibility and building administrator approval Coordinate building schedules with building administrators, provision schedule changes based on academic calendar and holidays Administer the Access Control Operators program and provide support to Access Control Operators Alarm Access: Alarm Code Issuance Administer all alarm code assignments for a population of approx 2000 USF employees Process day-to-day supplemental alarm code requests received via the One Card website Ensure the alarm code database is accurate based on cardholder eligibility and building administrator approval Key Issuance: Key Issuance Administer the key issuance program for a population of approx 2000 USF employees Process day-to-day supplemental key requests received via TBD Ensure key issuance database is updated when keys are distributed SECONDARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Provide backup support to the Alarm, CCTV, and Emergency Phone devices and systems Provide backup support to the One Card front office Provide backup support to the Assistant Director Supervise and Manage 2 Graduate Student Assistants Supervise the setup and tear down of 7 SHARE systems on both move out may and move in day (total of 4x per year) Other duties as assigned Minimum Requirements: BA/BS degree required. At least two to three years’ experience in administration, business or higher education. Supervisory and or leadership experience required. Possess advance knowledge of windows office applications, computer software, databases and websites. Ability to work each weekend “move in” and “move out” day (4 days total per year). 2 years’ experience working with a production Access Control or Card Based Transactional system. Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively, independently and take initiative and use own discretion when completing projects. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Proven customer service skills and the ability to handle all situations in a highly professional manner. Additional Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Valid California Driver’s License \ Red Cross Basic First-Aid and CPR Certification are preferred. For information on how to apply, please visit the following link: www.usfjobs.com EEO Policy The University of San Francisco is an equal opportunity institution of higher education. As a matter of policy, the University does not discriminate in employment, educational services and academic programs on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, religious creed, ancestry, national origin, age (except minors), sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition (cancer-related and genetic-related) and disability, and the other bases prohibited by law. The University reasonably accommodates qualified individuals with disabilities under the law. Copyright ©2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved. Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency jeid-47025e4810f0e945ad316ed8335874c3