Overview TS, the leading global provider of multi-asset trading systems to the buy- side, sell-side and trading platforms, has provided connectivity and execution management services to the global financial markets for nearly two decades. From our multi-asset class electronic trading platforms to our market data to our global financial cloud infrastructure, we are the industry’s most comprehensive and compliant technology suite available to the investment management community. A job is never just a job, and we recognize that at TS. At TS we are passionate about employee engagement and make it our business to provide our employees a range of challenging and rewarding opportunities that align with business strategy and promote team work and inspire innovation. We have successfully built a company culture based on our single most important asset – our employees. Our passion for continuous growth and innovative approach have allowed us to become the company we are today. We believe our employees should have the opportunity to grow and be part of a company that is making a lasting contribution to the financial markets. We challenge our employees every day to think creatively and innovate across silos and across platforms. Join us! Responsibilities We are seeking a Web Developer - someone who has significant Java client side, web, multithreading, multi-user, and n-tier application development experience. This is a New York based position, requiring someone who has the aspiration to break into the financial services industry after seven or more years of successful professional web application development experience. The successful candidate will work closely with a small team of java developers, primarily focusing on the development, maintenance and support of its electronic trading and prime brokerage related services. The candidate will also interact with clients as well as TradingScreen peers in London and Tokyo. Qualifications Required skills and experience: Web development experience and understanding of performance and usability issues Web programming Java Script, Ajax, WebSockets, React, JSX, Redux, CSS, SASS, Bootstrap Multi-threaded Java programming Java-based multi-tiered and/or distributed enterpriseapplication development Object oriented design Automated unit and integration testing Excellent English communication skills, both written and verbal Experience with NGNIX webserver Preferable skills and experience: Web tools Webpack, ESLint Network protocols HTTP SSL Cloud based infrastructure Fixed income, foreign exchange or other financial domain experience