Verity Health System offers a dynamic environment for individuals dedicated to careers in health care whether you seek a clinical or administrative role. Created in December 2015, the new Verity Health System team is working to revitalize our facilities to create a more welcoming, healing environment for our patients. We are investing in new technology to advance our delivery of safe, quality patient care. If you welcome the challenge of re-inventing healthcare for the patients we serve at our Verity Health hospitals and through our Verity Medical Foundation, this could be the opportunity for you. With more than 8,000 employees and physicians, Verity Health is a non-profit, non-religious health care system with 1,650 inpatient beds, six active emergency rooms and host of medical specialties including: orthopedics, transplant surgery, cardiology, maternal/child health and wound care, among other specialties. We are committed to the Verity Values of Caring, Respect, Integrity, Passion and Stewardship and the goal of serving our communities for generations to come. GENERAL PURPOSE: The Sr. IT Operations Representative oversees operational support within the Hospital Data Center, and provides user access in a timely and appropriate manner. The focus of this position will be to proactively monitor systems within the Data Centers watching for potential, major outages, and to work with the Customer Support and IT Security Teams to improve upon the user access provisioning process. MAJOR JOB OBJECTIVES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Identifies areas of possible automation and/or improvement to provide better customer service and enhance problem resolution techniques. Understands and manages problems utilizing defined problem and change management policies and procedures. Conducts periodic inspections of assigned data centers to ensure production and data center logistic policies are being met. Responsible for capturing and reporting metrics to leadership. Responsible for controlling data center inventory. Provides user access provisioning to the Verity Network, Email, Distribution Groups, as well as to specific Applications. Provide assistance to the Verity IT Helpdesk as needed. Operates one or more computer systems and all associated peripheral equipment within data center or related facility. Monitors performance of on-line systems utilizing software support tools to complete all scheduled jobs in a timely manner. REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Education/Certification: High School Diploma or equivalent required Associates degree, technical college or some college course work preferred. Work Experience 9-18 months of relevant experience in a Healthcare environment Able to interface with customers and appropriate support groups to escalate issues for resolution Adept at performing standard maintenance and repair. Strong knowledge of job priorities according to precedent, policy, and procedure. Understands team objectives and service requirements Supports team to achieve goals Exchanges job related information to provide routine support on an ongoing basis