The Project Engineer assists and supports Project Manager and Superintendent on assigned projects. The position works under direct supervision, performs routine daily activities and gathers and distributes information. The Project Engineer must be a flexible and adaptable team-player, as well as have strong communication and client service skills. What You'll Do: Setup initial contracts and project information in PMIS; Receive, review, forward and track status of submittals; Initiate, prepare, review, track and distribute RFIs; Assist in management of project permit process; Assist in preparations of bid packages and procurement; Update construction schedule based on project team input, Trade Contractor progress and materials delivery; Change management systems, including soliciting, receiving, reviewing, and preparing quotations and change orders; Track and inspect material deliveries. We're Looking For: Computer knowledge and efficiency, including Microsoft Office products; Knowledge of Prolog; Knowledge of Suretrak or Primavera; Broad understanding of industry; Strong written and verbal communication skills; Basic math/accounting skills; Functions effectively as part of a team; Dependability; Ability to maintain discretion and confidentiality at all times; Ability to understand and follow directions; Good time management skills and organizational skills; Ability to read drawings and specifications. Bachelor’s Degree – Construction Management, Engineering or equivalent Entry-level to 3 years of industry experience. Developing Your Career at Skanska, You Will: Contribute to a sustainable future improving the lives of people, communities and companies; Collaborate in an open culture where sound values and dedicated people come together for greater results; Thrive in a people-driven international company with countless opportunities to learn and grow. Skanska is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to status as a protected veteran or a qualified individual with a disability, or other protected status, such as race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age. Skanska USA is one of the largest, most financially sound construction and development companies in the U.S., serving a broad range of clients including those in transportation, power, industrial, water/wastewater, healthcare, education, sports, data centers, government, aviation and commercial. Headquartered in New York with offices in 31 metro areas, we have more than 10,000 employees committed to being leaders in safety, project execution, sustainability, ethics and people development. In 2016, our work in building construction, civil and power/industrial construction, commercial development and infrastructure development (public-private partnerships) generated $6.8 billion in revenue. Global revenue of parent company Skanska AB, headquartered in Stockholm and listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange, totaled $17.7 billion in 2016. Skanska shares are publicly traded in the U.S. on the OTC market under the symbol SKBSY through a Level I American Depository Receipt program. We are proud to be named one of America's Best Employers of 2017 by Forbes.