Empowering The People Who Power The World Are you interested in a career opportunity with a growing software company? P2 Energy Solutions is dedicated to providing a positive culture where the ability to learn, collaborate, and make a difference is rewarded. We have a fast-paced, innovative culture where employees are empowered to provide a superior experience for internal and external customers. Upstream oil and gas professionals who are focused on solving tough challenges rely on P2 software, data and analytics solutions to optimize their business performance. We are currently developing our solutions on mobile and in the cloud! More than 1,600 companies from around the world use P2 solutions every day to manage their land assets, measure and process financial information, optimize production, and manage their reserves. With more than 80 years of experience in data and 30 years in software, P2 has offices around the world, and employs approximately 600 people. Responsibilities & Qualifications Responsibilities: Gain proficiency in upstream oil and gas land management, financial accounting, and production accounting concepts and practices. Assess customers' business objectives and technical requirements for developing specific artifacts, such as requirement traceability matricies, design documents, data collection templates, or test plans in support of assigned projects. Execute assigned project tasks, such as data validation, data migration, system configuration, customer training, and testing in concert with other team members to achieve project goals. Contribute to internal and external status meetings to assess progress against plan. Identify and assess project risks and work with team members to develop mitigation actions. May have regular interactions with the customer. Complete weekly administrative activities. Perform activities at a combination of P2 office as well as customer site. Travel may be required. Qualifications Include: Bachelors of science (B.S) degree preferred or equivalent relevant work experience Good verbal and written communication, interpersonal, problem solving, business knowledge, and organizational skills required. 0 - 2 years’ experience in oil and gas industry or commercial software implementation preferred Belief In The P2 Way Always be When in doubt, _talk it out._ Show up and _follow up._ Create _positive_ Think _beyond…_ Please note: Assessment testing may be required for this position. We offer a casual work environment, comprehensive benefits plan, generous PTO, and a competitive compensation structure. We have a positive culture designed around the philosophy of mutual respect and the challenge of contributing to the continued success of our organization. P2 is dedicated to individual and corporate growth opportunities, and we would love to talk to you further! P2 Energy Solutions and its affiliated companies is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We also participate in the E-Verify program, a service of DHS and SSA.