Google is known for our innovative technologies, products and services — and for the people behind them. The Google People Services (GPS) team focuses on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers. As a Programs Specialist, you will enthusiastically represent the Google brand and build our talent pipeline. Whether it’s making our staffing systems more efficient, planning for our growth, building relationships on college campuses or cultivating the next generation of computer scientists, you will have an eye on the staffing needs of Google and the broader hiring landscape. You'll be focused on cultivating outstanding candidates for Google's long-term hiring needs, and you are the glue that ties together a cross-functional and international group of staffing teams. The Global Immigration Team is an essential part of hiring at Google. You will work closely with the Compliance and Mobility Programs Manager, advising on specific immigration issues, fostering new ideas and supporting the immigration hiring process. You will be part of a global immigration and compliance team that leverages company philosophy, technology and your immigration expertise. You will also influence the business, create partnerships, manage and grow cross-functional relationships that will create a successful environment for the program's success. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Manage outside immigration counsel to ensure adherence to compliance, service level standards and communication protocol. Conduct office hours, training and hold meetings for and with internal stakeholders and partner groups (i.e. employees, recruiters, HR and business managers) to provide case status updates, information and advice on immigration requirements and related matters as necessary. Analyze complex immigration matters and effectively communicate solutions to internal clients in collaboration with outside immigration counsel. Participate in cross-group collaboration with other teams involved in the mobility process. Monitor status of pending immigration petitions. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in Global Mobility. Experience with U.S. immigration practices and processes. Preferred qualifications: Experience with in-house and as a vendor. Demonstrated program management and vendor management skills. Ability to work independently in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment. Ability to establish and maintain effective relationships and partnerships with key stakeholders. Developed interpersonal, teamwork and organizational skills. Effective verbal and written communication skills, with an emphasis on tact and diplomacy. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.