Oversee our team of paratransit drivers to ensure everyone in our community can get where they need to go. Job Summary The Solid Ground Transportation (SGT) Department includes programs that provides services under contract to King County Metro’s Accessible Services and Community Transportation Services. The Operations Manager manages the day- to day operations, participates in strategic planning and the delivery of quality transportation services. The position is customer-focused and dedicated to meeting the expectations of internal and external customers. This position motivates others and is responsible to supervising and creating a work space where people want to do their best. This position will manage performance by setting clear goals and expectations. This position is results driven, and has a strong ability to problem solve. The Operations Manager advises the Director of Transportation in areas of responsibility, supervises staff, reviews and takes appropriate action regarding operational transit issues. Essential Responsibilities, Duties & Tasks 35% Provide oversight and support to facilitate day-to-day operations, strategic planning, and delivery of services within the Operations of SGT. Advises the Director of Transportation of operational issues and/or concerns and recommends courses of action that impact operations. Participates in the development and implementation of policies. Supervises staff to include: prioritizing and assigning work; conducting performance evaluations; ensuring staff are trained; and making hiring, termination and disciplinary recommendations. Assume responsibility for SGT operations in the absence of the Director 20% Partner with the Safety Trainer and Director to manage and direct the hiring, review, training, evaluation, investigation of transit Operators and Supervisors attendance records, accident and incident reports, customer comments and complaints and other performance indicators. Resolves problems and takes appropriate corrective action to improve transit operations. 10% Operates in the field interacting and developing positive rapport with transit Operators and Supervisors and the public to assure safe, courteous, and reliable service. Maintains positive employee relations. Coordinate site evaluations between Operations Supervisors and King County Metro. 5% Responsible for assisting Operations Supervisors’ response to all accidents, emergency situations, employee conduct and security incidents, natural disasters and severe weather conditions. Assist the Safety Trainer in developing and facilitating Safety meetings. 15% Monitor program policies to ensure compliance with all relevant Federal, State, County, METRO, Solid Ground and FCC safety rules, laws, policies and regulations. Assist the Director gathering service performance data and developing systems and procedures to improve and enhance services. 10% Represent SGT to the public and at a variety of meetings as necessary. Ensure customer service standards and KPI’s are met, investigate and respond to customer concerns as needed. Manages resources ensures expenditures remain within the approved budget. Assists in budget preparation. 5% Participate in special projects and committees as assigned. Participate in program, department, and agency meetings and relevant trainings as required. _The duties listed above are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related, or a logical assignment to the position._