Under the direction of leadership personnel; works in a self-directed manner to install, test, document, and maintain assigned laboratory information systems within specified boundaries according to established protocols; makes formal written and oral presentations on projects in compliance with established project methodology; and interacts with laboratories and laboratory systems customers. PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Analysis: Meets with clients and/or managerial personnel in order to determine and define specific systems’ information requirements and objectives for laboratory systems requests. Assists team leaders in evaluating new project requests. Estimates project complexity for requests within their assigned responsibilities and works with customers to determine impacts and timelines for requests. Determines causes and impacts of laboratory systems malfunctions and applications issues using appropriate analysis steps. Project Management Involved in projects impacting laboratory systems or laboratory data with a moderate degree of organizational scope, impact, and risk. Self directed as to project completion. Participates on project teams and completes assignments from project leaders, measures project progress, and reports the status to project leaders. Leads small project teams comprised of other laboratory staff and laboratory systems vendors; creates the project scope and schedule, maintains project issues list, and reports the status of projects to customers and leadership. Systems/Applications Development Designs and specifies laboratory systems and applications functionality using appropriate application tools Assures that applications design meets the needs across the user base of HFHS pathology, and defined standards. Defines application security and control procedures; maintaining regulatory compliance and security of information. Develops application test plans and evaluates and documents the results of testing according to defined standards. Systems/Applications Implementation Develops plans for the implementation of laboratory systems applications and enhancements for pathology. Prepares training and reference materials for new application implementations as required; updates Pathology Informatics procedures as assigned. Systems/Applications Support Rotates laboratory systems operations on-call to support laboratories and resolve issues for assigned information systems, applications, and associated information systems equipment. Has adequate knowledge and experience to support assigned information systems for HFHS pathology with proficiency and minimal assistance. Through progressive experience, develops advanced information systems expertise and a lead role in supporting a particular application or major functionality within the Pathology Informatics team. In this lead role; acts as a resource to others, assists with issue resolution, prepares Pathology Informatics procedures, and implements upgrades. Teamwork / Staff Oversight Works collaboratively with team members and customers in Pathology. Trains other team members on assigned systems and applications within their particular area of expertise or on the outcomes of projects. Personal Development Participates in work related professional groups, information systems user groups, and special interest groups; shares knowledge gained with team members. Other duties as assigned. EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: Completion of an accredited bachelor’s degree program in: chemical, physical, or biologic science, medical technology, clinical laboratory science, or information systems. 2-5 years of experience using laboratory information systems or other related clinical information systems. Moderate to high level of analytical ability to gather and interpret data: to design systems and applications, and resolve systems issues. Planning skills to manage personal workload in a self-directed work environment and to complete assignments, projects, and issue resolution within appropriate timeframes, Organizational skills to coordinate projects within the department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine and to direct the work of a small project team of employees and/or vendors. Interpersonal skills to be able to collaborate with information systems clients and colleagues throughout HFHS to determine needs, define objectives, gain acceptance of the system throughout the shared user community, and assist in implementation of systems and applications. Written and oral communication skills to be able to communicate effectively and accurately with customers and team. Must meet or exceed core customer service responsibilities, standards and behaviors as outlined in the HFHS’ Customer Service Policy and summarized below: Communication, Ownership, Understanding, Motivation, Sensitivity, Excellence, Teamwork, Respect Must practice the customer skills as provided through on-going training and in-services. Must possess the following personal qualities: Be self-directed, Be flexible and committed to the team concept, Demonstrate teamwork, initiative and willingness to learn, Be open to new learning experiences, Accepts and respects diversity without judgment, Demonstrates customer service values CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSURES REQUIRED: EXPERIENCE/CERTIFICATION DESIRED: Knowledge of laboratory business processes and instrumentation Certification from a recognized national agency such as ASCP, ASM, ACS, HEW, or NCA Experience supporting laboratory information systems Programming skills and/or information systems development tools experience. Microsoft Office applications proficiency; particularly Excel and Access 6. Project management experience or application expertise PHYSICAL DEMANDS/WORKING CONDITIONS: Typically works in a normal office environment with frequent visits to clinical and anatomic pathology laboratories. Must possess a valid Michigan driver’s license and transportation to travel to locations throughout HFHS as needed. Working hours will vary based on projects, support needs, and on-call responsibilities. Minimum Annual Salary Amount: $58,510.40 This rate is the minimum pay for the position. Actual compensation will be based on education, years of experience, and other factors at the time of offer. Overview Henry Ford Health System, one of the largest and most comprehensive integrated U.S. health care systems, is a national leader in clinical care, research and education. The system includes the 1,200-member Henry Ford Medical Group, five hospitals, Health Alliance Plan (a health insurance and wellness company), Henry Ford Physician Network, a 150-site ambulatory network and many other health-related entities throughout southeast Michigan, providing a full continuum of care. In 2015, Henry Ford provided $299 million in uncompensated care. The health system also is a major economic driver in Michigan and employs more than 24,600 employees. Henry Ford is a 2011Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award recipient. The health system is led by President and CEO Wright Lassiter III. To learn more, visit HenryFord.com. Benefits Whether it's offering a new medical option, helping you make healthier lifestyle choices or making the employee enrollment selection experience easier, it's all about choice. Henry Ford Health System has a new approach for its employee benefits program - My Choice Rewards. My Choice Rewards is a program as diverse as the people it serves. There are dozens of options for all of our employees including compensation, benefits, work/life balance and learning - options that enhance your career and add value to your personal life. As an employee you are provided access to Retirement Programs, an Employee Assistance Program (Henry Ford Enhanced), Tuition Reimbursement, Paid Time Off, Employee Health and Wellness and access to day care services at Bright Horizons Midtown Detroit, and a whole host of other benefits and services. Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer Henry Ford Health System is committed to the hiring, advancement and fair treatment of all individuals without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, size, height, weight, marital status, family status, gender identity, sexual orientation, and genetic information, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable federal and state laws.