The Clinical Data Manager is a member of the project team and is responsible for data management activities for multiple aspects of study start-up, operations, data auditing and closeout to ensure a high quality database Conduct clinical data review and/or listing review of data entered by sites and determine compliance and plausibility as outlined within the project specific data review guidelines and generate data queries as needed; determine course of action to be taken to resolve data discrepancies and inconsistencies, such as additional site query, data acceptance or escalation. Conduct clinical data review and/or listing review of data entered by sites and determine compliance and plausibility as outlined within the project specific data review guidelines and generate data queries as needed; determine course of action to be taken to resolve data discrepancies and inconsistencies, such as additional site query, data acceptance or escalation. Create and maintain the project Data Management Plan, Edit Specifications, and other process documents (i.e. Data Entry Guidelines or CRF Completion Guidelines), as required, as well as by working in collaboration with the Lead Data Manager assisting in day to day project related activities. Collaborate with the CRF designer, Programmer and/or Lead Data Manager to ensure the CRF is designed appropriately; the development of the database meets study needs as well as confirming the listing requirements are completed and validated according to outlined specifications. O versee the development of test data as well as participate in user acceptance testing. Prepare data analysis listings and activity, performance, or progress reports. Prepare appropriate formatting to data sets as requested. Design and validate clinical databases including designing or testing logic checks. Prepare data analysis listings and activity, performance, or progress reports. Prepare appropriate formatting to datasets as requested. Design and validate clinical databases including designing or testing logic checks. Write work instruction manuals, data capture guidelines, or standard operating procedures. Track the flow of work forms including in-house data flow or electronic forms transfer. Develop technical specifications for data management programming and communicate needs to information technology staff. Formal Education and/or Training: BA/BS degree in biological sciences or related disciplines preferred Minimum of 2-3 years Data Management experience, or equivalent combination of education and experience CRO, Pharma, Site Coordinator, CRA preferred Therapeutic indications preferred Oncology, CNS, Cardiovascular but not required. Medidata RAVE or other EDC Platform experience preferred