POSITION OVERVIEW _Applications accepted from:_ ALL PERSONS INTERESTED _Posting Number:_ PN 1995 _Division:_ HOUSTON WATER _Section:_ PLANNING _Reporting Location:_ 611 Walker St, 18th floor _Workdays & Hours: _M - F, 8 a.m - 5 p.m. Subject to change _DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS_ Builds, maintains & update hydraulic models for the City of Houston water and wastewater system service areas and applies hydraulic models to develop operational and CIP projects, and long-range strategies. Evaluates and plans the water and wastewater systems using different tools and techniques including advanced computer models, Business Analytics (BI) and Geographical Information System (GIS). Identify, evaluate, recommend, and plan for improvements of operations, procedures, facilities and systems. Performs and reviews engineering computations. Develops and designs conceptual utilities layouts, drawings, etc. Reviews, research, analyze, internal and external data, prepare various records, and reports. Reviews and evaluates service requests. Investigates public inquiries and prepares responses. Coordinates engineering activities in all disciplines (i.e., Water, Wastewater, Traffic, Street & Bridge and Storm Water). Requires ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing. _WORKING CONDITIONS_ This position is physically comfortable; the individual has some discretion about walking, standing, bending, lifting etc. This is a Houston Public Works Department position at the Tier III Level. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS _EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS_ Requires graduation from approved curriculum in engineering that is approved by the State Board of Registration for Professional Engineers with a satisfactory standing. OR Requires graduation from an engineering or related science curriculum at a recognized institution of higher education, other than a curriculum approved by the Board and passage of the eight-hour fundamentals of engineering examination prescribed by the Board. OR Possession of a valid Professional Engineer (P.E) Certificate issued by the Board under the current requirements of the Texas Engineering Practice Act. _EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS_ Minimum 4 yrs. of experience in the field of engineering. _LICENSE REQUIREMENTS_ Valid Texas Driver License and compliance with the City of Houston policy on driving (AP 2-2). PREFERENCES Knowledge of hydrology, hydraulics, water and wastewater system. Possess a working knowledge of underground public utility infrastructure, hydraulic modeling, GIS, and programming. Hands-on experience of building and applying hydraulic models for problem solving. Ability to work with advanced features of Microsoft Office suit. _Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6._ GENERAL INFORMATION SELECTION/SKILLS TESTS REQUIRED: None However, the department may administer a skills assessment evaluation. SAFETY IMPACT POSITION: Yes If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test. SALARY INFORMATION Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification. Pay Grade 26 APPLICATION PROCEDURES Only online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during posting opening and closing dates shown. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov. To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm or please call 832.393.6027. Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, with specific instructions, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process. All new and rehires must pass a pre-employment drug test and are subject to a physical examination and verification of information. If you need special services or accommodations call TTY 7-1-1.