Requisition ID: 42051 All Locations: El Segundo, CA (California) A trusted partner. A national resource. A leader in national security space. We are THE Aerospace Corporation. A team that takes pride in our readiness to solve some of the most complex technical challenges in existence. With challenges spanning government to commercial, you’ll have the unique opportunity to work on projects that are literally evolving our nation's space and launch capabilities. We all share a common passion and aspiration – to serve a mission much bigger than ourselves. When you join our team, you’ll be part of a rare collection of thought leaders and game-changing innovators. Are you ready to launch your career? Responsibilities The Visualization and Immersive Technologies Department (VITD) at Aerospace is seeking an Unreal Developer to join their team! VITD develops a wide variety of innovative tools and applications to support civil, commercial, and national security space systems. From virtual and augmented reality, to web, cloud, and desktop visualization; VITD evaluates and creates unique visual experiences that present data and analysis to key decision makers. Key Functions Work with a team to build immersive experiences that include: space exploration VR and mobile solutions, small satellite AR assemblies and virtual laboratory environments Collaborate with developers to produce applications that incorporate touch screens, touch controllers and environmental haptics Participate in technology exploratory and research efforts to evaluate the virtual, augmented and mixed reality solutions on the market today Qualifications Required B.S. in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering or related B.A. in game design Two or more years of work experience developing in Unreal with increasing responsibility Capable of quickly learning new game engine frameworks Ability to work both independently and cooperatively within a team Excellent written and verbal communications skills The ability to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance which is issued by the US government. US citizenship is required to obtain a security clearance. Preferred Experience deploying to mobile platforms Active Secret/Top Secret clearance Four or more years of work experience preferred Understanding of Orbital Mechanics concepts Experience developing for Augmented Reality and/or Virtual Reality applications Confidence in the C++ programming language Experience with agile game development methodologies is a plus Transcript Requirement Transcripts are required for this position. Additional Requisition Details System Job Title : MEMBER-TECH STF Clearance Requirement: Secret Access: None Polygraph: None Relocation Available: Yes Employment Type: Regular Work Schedule: Full Time Company Statement The Aerospace Corporation has provided independent technical and scientific research, development, and advisory services to national security space programs since 1960. We operate a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) for the United States Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office, and support all national security space programs. We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others. From our inception, our highly skilled technical staff has focused on ensuring the success of every mission and developing the most effective and economic space-related hardware and software in the world. Our greatest asset is the technical expertise of our people. Our state-of-the-art laboratory facilities are staffed by some of the leading scientists in the world. Equal Opportunity Commitment The Aerospace Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. We believe that a diverse workforce creates an environment in which unique ideas are developed and differing perspectives are valued, producing superior customer solutions. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, gender, gender identity or expression, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, or disability status. You can also review The Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the supplement, as well as the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.