At Abbott, we're committed to helping people live their best possible life through the power of health. For more than 125 years, we've brought new products and technologies to the world - in nutrition, diagnostics, medical devices and branded generic pharmaceuticals - that create more possibilities for more people at all stages of life. Today, 99,000 of us are working to help people live not just longer, but better, in the more than 150 countries we serve. As a Business Analyst, you will provide high quality support for Abbott Workday Human Resource environment. You will interact with our customers to help resolve customer issues with Corporate HR systems and processes. You're a great match if you enjoy delivering excellence, possess fantastic trouble- shooting skills and enjoy a challenge. Key Responsibilities : Collect and analyze business requirements and design, implement and customize business system and standard operating procedures accordingly. Design, develop and implement business intelligence solutions and computer systems to meet business requirements within time and cost constraints. Configure and validate HRIS applications in SaaS Workday Cloud solution using functional system configurations, business process configurations and Enterprise Interface Builder web service tool. Facilitate review sessions with functional owners, subject matter experts and end users. Configure and perform performance tuning, optimization and testing of business processes and building reports. Develop plans for system operations and technical procedures for cost-effectiveness and clarify program objectives using optimization analysis. Work on complex service oriented architecture design and implementation for various business operations Assist with global HR system projects. Conduct gap/root cause analysis to find gaps & recommend alternatives to streamline process flows. Document issue resolution in Incident tracking system (Remedy and Salesforce) Work closely with the project team to track issues through to resolution and resolve queries. Responsible for compliance with applicable Corporate and Divisional Policies and procedures. Experience, Skills desired: Solid understanding of business processes in ERP System support experience in Workday Human Capital Management, HR portal including employee and manager self-service is preferred, and\or support experience with web-based and client/server applications. Solid understanding to assess and design ERP internal controls. Strong analytical and technical skills Must have excellent verbal/written communication, user interaction & interpersonal skills and work well in a team environment. Position Accountability / Scope: Analyst Business Systems will report to HRIT Cross Functional Support Lead. This position has no budget responsibility Minimum Education: The minimum education requirement to perform these job duties is a Bachelor’s/Master’s degree or equivalent in Commerce, Business Administration, Management Information Systems, Computer Science or 1-3 years of application development and support experience.