Our Information Technology division consists of more than 200 professionals and continues to grow responsibly. We are looking to add a Solutions Architect to our current team. This individual will be responsible for developing and designing technical solutions that balance architectural concerns of projects with the right balance of long-term strategies and short-term tactical needs. This individual will also convert stakeholder requirements into technical solutions and roadmaps, while communicating the financial, organizational, and technical implications of the recommended solution. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Develop applications architecture in alignment with business strategies and priorities Defines and governs solution architectures; ensures project requirements align with the enterprise’s long-term strategies. Develops alternative solution architectures; analyzes and evaluates the financial, organizational, process and technology tradeoffs. Defines and develops the service-oriented blueprint for the enterprise; builds architectures that leverage or enhance the service inventory. Analyzes current enterprise technical environment; identifies gaps; recommends and implements solutions for improvement. Defines and governs the integration and interoperability standards for the enterprise. Applies patterns, references architectures, industry standards to build solution architectures. Develops solutions that leverage the capabilities of cloud architecture and succeed within a hybrid cloud environment. Develops and diagrams detailed roadmaps which capture transitional architectures; ensures architecture can move from a current state to a target state. Documents technical architecture and enterprise environment; maintains a current and accurate enterprise- wide view of key services, capabilities, and processes. Stays current on the latest industry and emerging technologies, reference architectures, patterns, trends and strategies. Educates and assists employees, vendors or other customers by answering questions related to Architecture processes, procedures and services. Completes work in a timely and accurate manner while providing appropriate customer service. Other duties as assigned. Job Requirements Qualifications: This position requires a minimum of eight years progressive solution architecture experience, (pref. eCommerce space) including, but not limited to, service-oriented architecture (SOA) in a cloud-based environment, technical architecture, Application Programming Interface (API) design, micro services, network design, application development, middleware, servers and storage, database management and operations. Proven understanding of design patterns, reference architectures, industry standards, broad technical knowledge, and architectural principles is necessary. Ability to estimate financial impact of technical architecture alternatives and apply multiple technical solutions to business problems is vital. Proven understanding of capabilities and components of common enterprise application, database, security, network, integration, and business process architectures is needed. Proven experience gathering and analyzing business requirements; experience with object – oriented analysis and design preferred is necessary. Proven understanding of Service-Oriented and Cloud-based architectural principles and patterns is required. Proven understanding of Architecture practices, including but not limited to, models, reference architectures, patterns, standards, and frameworks is necessary. Working knowledge and experience in eCommerce platforms such as Hybris, ATG dynamo or similar preferred Proficiency with Microsoft Office, including skills with Word, Excel, SharePoint, PowerPoint, and Visio is required. Proven understanding of project management and the software development lifecycle is needed. Demonstrated business acumen with knowledge and understanding of business issues, priorities, goals, and strategy is required. Demonstrated ability to communicate across all levels of the organization, presenting complex ideas concisely and clearly; able to articulate ideas verbally and in writing is necessary. Must be able to articulate technical ideas to a non-technical audience. Proven collaboration, influence and negotiation skills are required. Proven ability to provide and recommend innovative ideas with the skill to align projects with enterprise strategy is needed. Ability to work efficiently and accurately under pressure, meet deadlines, present a professional demeanor, and work well independently is essential. Troubleshooting and organizational skills with a Can-Do attitude and the ability to adjust to changing requirements is necessary. Customer service skills, including the ability to manage and respond to different customer situations while maintaining a positive and friendly attitude are essential. Maintaining confidentiality, treating others with respect and upholding Company values are critical to success. Educational Requirements: This position requires a Bachelor’s Degree in information technology or a related field, or equivalent experience. Master’s degree in a related field or MBA preferred. Solutions-related, Security-related, cloud-related, and project management certifications are highly desirable. Normal work days are Monday through Friday. Occasional Saturdays and Sundays may be necessary. Normal work hours are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Additional hours may be necessary. Salary range and job level is depending on experience.