Funko Overview Welcome to the Funko-verse, a world built on pure imagination, a land governed by the philosophy that stories matter, a universe comprised of characters from countless fandoms, a galaxy of once upon a times and happily ever afters. But what does Funko do? Funko is a purveyor of pop culture, making and selling license-focused collectibles. We’re based in Everett, WA where we have a store that delights kids of all ages (kids at heart included). We currently hold hundreds of licenses for franchises ranging from Marvel to Harry Potter, giving us the rights to create tens of thousands of characters—one of the largest portfolios in the pop culture and collectibles industry. We take your favorite characters and turn them into adorable, or sometimes scary, collectible figures. Our most famous line, Pop! Vinyl, has millions of fans around the world. The Business Intelligence Analyst will identify business intelligence, reporting, and data analysis needs. You will work closely with clients and IT teams to turn data into critical information and knowledge that can be used to make sound business decisions. You will provide data and reporting that is accurate, relevant and reliable, and ensure the information is easily available to users for direct consumption or integration with other systems. Your Superpowers in Action Business Requirements Analysis , which may include engaging directly with internal and external clients to determine KPIs and requirements, document the requirements and KPIs, and their interrelationship and build an understanding of the business at a level of detail that enables them to identify and address critical issues; use research and business modeling techniques to clearly analyze underlying issues and their impact. Development of Reports, Dashboards and other Data Products , which may include supporting the build-out and maintenance of the business metrics and KPIs via Power BI, tableau or other visualization tools for use by Warehouse personnel, Sales, Finance and Operations and other departments. Educate and train clients so that they can make fullest use of reporting solutions Must-Have Superhero Gadgetry Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics or equivalent experience required 4+ years of experience creating, designing and maintaining data warehousing/BI products 2+ years of experience with data analysis Expertise in using reporting packages and databases (SQL, etc.), writing queries, charting and report writing Working knowledge of at least one statistical package, like R, Python, MATLAB, SAS, for analyzing large datasets clearly a plus Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Advanced Excel skills Experience creating dashboards using Power BI, Tableau or other visualization tools Experience with an ERP, specifically Dynamics NAV ERP a plus Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong work ethics and organization Self-starter, and can drive conversations across different levels of employees and management What Funko Offers Funko offers a competitive compensation package with full benefits and a 401(K) plan with matching contributions from the company. Most importantly, we offer a creative work environment with people who love pop culture just as much as you do. Can’t wait to gush about your latest binge? Neither can we! Looking for a place where your favorite pop culture t-shirt will receive the compliments it deserves? We know how you feel! _Funko is an equal opportunity employer. We know that every superhero has a unique origin story and the diversity of these stories enrich what we do. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status._