First Republic is an ultra-high-touch bank that provides extraordinary client service. We believe that one-on-one interactions build lasting relationships. We move quickly to serve our clients’ needs so that their financial transactions are handled with ease and efficiency. Client trust and security are paramount in our line of business. Ultimately, our goal is unsurpassed client satisfaction which will lead to personal referrals – our number one source of new business. We recognize that our competitive advantage starts with our people and our culture. At First Republic, we work hard and move quickly as a very coordinated team. If you are looking for an opportunity to grow and contribute in a fun, fast-paced environment, First Republic is the place for you. We have exceptional people focused on providing extraordinary service. The Fair Lending Associate supports the Fair and Responsible Banking Department on critical tasks related to Fair Lending regulations, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA), Unfair, Deceptive, Abusive Acts or Practices (UDAAP), and other applicable laws and regulations. This position offers great learning opportunities for an individual interested in establishing a career in the Fair and Responsible Banking. Responsibilities Responsible for production of metrics and reports for ongoing monitoring of the Bank’s lending performance including data analysis related to residential and consumer mortgage loans. Identifies, analyzes, and interprets trends or patterns in HMDA loan data to ensure data consistency and integrity and reports results to the Fair Lending Manager. Performs detailed fair lending monitoring and testing of residential and consumer mortgage loans to assess the Bank’s compliance with policies and procedures, and with applicable laws and regulations. Analyzes, designs and produces monthly summary and detailed performance reporting. Utilizes advanced Excel and PowerPoint skills for monitoring, reporting and data analysis. Works with data providers to ensure quality data and timely monthly processes and extracts, transforms, and imports data into database. Participates in any additional special projects or other assignments, as needed, to support the Fair and Responsible Banking Department. Responsibilities include the following: 1) adhering to and complying with the applicable, federal and state laws, regulations and guidance, including those related to Anti-money laundering (i.e. Bank Secrecy Act, US PATRIOT Act, etc.) 2) adhering to Bank policies and procedures, 3) completing required training, 4) identifying and reporting suspicious activity to the AML Officer, and 5) knowing and verifying the identity of any customer(s) that enters into a relationship with the Bank. Qualifications Qualifications Minimum of three years experience in banking or other financial services with strong knowledge of mortgage and consumer lending. Must have solid knowledge and/or experience with financial data and the ability to navigate across multiple systems to leverage and integrate related information. Experience using Fair Lending Wiz, Centrax or equivalent fair lending analysis software strongly preferred, but not required. Strong Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint skills. Highly organized and proactive; ability to work independently as well as collaborate effectively with other groups and teams in a fast paced environment. Must be able to manage and thrive while addressing multiple priorities and initiatives. Ability to create and deliver effective presentations; and must provide reliable information reporting and analysis on a consistent and timely basis. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills along with strong attention to detail are required. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Provides extraordinary service and ability to work under pressure and furthers the First Republic Bank culture and values. Physical Requirements The ability to learn and comprehend basic instructions; understand the meanings of words and respond effectively; and perform basic arithmetic accurately and quickly. Vision must be sufficient to read data reports, manuals and computer screens. Hearing must be sufficient to understand a conversation at a normal volume, including telephone calls and in person. Speech must be coherent to clearly convey or exchange information, including the giving and receiving of assignments and/or directions. Position involves sitting as well as walking or standing for brief periods of time. Must be able to travel as position requires. May be required to lift 25-50lbs.