Overview Evolver is a technology company serving the Federal, Commercial, and Legal markets that addresses client challenges in the present and transitions clients into the future by introducing efficient and effective IT solutions. Established in 2000, Evolver has successfully grown to be a trusted technology leader. Evolver’s efforts and growth have been recognized by leading publications and organizations, including Inc. 5000 for five consecutive years, and most recently “Future 50” from SmartCEO. With a dedicated focus on client satisfaction, Evolver has proven its value time and time again, from managing day-to-day operations to skillfully navigating the implementation and support of new technologies. Evolver’s core competencies are infrastructure, application development, cybersecurity, cloud, end-user support, data analytics and legal services. We believe our employees are key to our success and continued growth. We attract and retain our diverse workforce by promoting a work-life balance with generous and flexible time off, competitive compensation and benefits, and a commitment to professional development. When you join Evolver, you join a community of talented and dedicated individuals whose abilities, skills, and actions contribute to the success of the company. Evolver is seeking a Infrastructure Architect to work in San Francisco, CA. This individual will be responsible for leading all work with Evolver’s most strategic client and reports directly to the VP-Commercial Services. Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities This successful candidate is responsible for leading a team in design, implementation, and maintenance of both hardware and software solutions in the financial vertical . This Infrastructure Architect will assist in secure design, process development, and troubleshooting in diverse technology environments. The client manager is responsible for designing, assessing, pre- implementation, testing, documenting and supporting complex client-related infrastructure environments with significant client and system implementations. The individual will serve as both Project Lead and Subject Matter Expert in multiple projects through all life-cycle phases in accordance with established procedures and standards. The individual will also have a critical role in strategic client management and business growth both organically and with new clients in the Bay Area. Responsibilities: Strategic Client Management Develop and manage to achieve a plan to deliver and support work at the client Ensure all Evolver client commitments are completed on time, on target, and on budget. Identify, cultivate, and support growth opportunities for the client Supervise, guide, and mentor all members of the team. Plan, Architect, Design, and Implement Client Technology Solutions Work with client technology engineering staff to evaluate requirements, design, provide cost analysis, and coordinate tasks for installation of client technology solutions. Conduct technical research on technology upgrades and components to determine feasibility, cost, time required, and compatibility with current system. Guide the implementation of client hardware and software upgrades to meet capacity requirements. Architect, design and implement secure client technology solutions. Confirm solution performance by designing and conducting tests. Create and Maintain a Technology Roadmap for Client Technology Project Leadership Lead the project team with planning, designing, and implementation of technology solutions to achieve project goals. Coach, mentor, and manage team to ensure optimal performance. Responsible for the daily administrative functions associated with managing the team. Conduct annual performance reviews for Evolver client team. Work with project teams (all levels of management and developers) to determine needs and make technical recommendations to ensure correct client technology options are designed and installed for technology projects. Responsible for quality and compliance of technical deliverables. Ensure Up to date Client Technology Documentation and Procedures Provide technical expertise and advice as needed. Identify risks and develop containment and avoidance strategies. Communicate project status to customers and project teams. Client Support and Problem Management Provide 3rd level support, analysis and permanent documented resolutions for client technology and systems issues. Communicate the status of problems and resolutions to Technical Operations Staff and Senior management. Research and Development Research tools, methods and processes in support of the client environment. Design and/or innovate new idea and technologies. Make recommendations to management for future directions. Stay current on new trends and products to provide future value to the company. Minimum Qualifications and Requirements Bachelor’s Degree required. Will consider years of experience and/or certifications in lieu of Degree. 8+ years’ experience working in similar role. 10+ years’ experience working in the financial industry. Must possess a thorough working knowledge of Microsoft, EMC, Cisco, VMware technologies. Technical and strategic understanding of servers, storage, and network technologies. Creative individual with strong analytical and critical-thinking, and excellent problem solving skills to troubleshoot and resolve client technology related issues. Excellent verbal and written communication skills required. Must be able to take the initiative and work without direct supervision. Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. Thrives on technical challenges and takes pride in solving them. Ability to lead project from start to finish. Must be able to see the big picture as well as the details. Must be able to road map technology capabilities over a minimum of 3 years. Technical Requirements (required and desired) Preferred Skills/Experience: 8+ years working in the investment management industry with thorough understanding of financial accounting and trading platforms. Experience working with multiple support vendors along with ability to recognize and correct issues between internal and external support teams. Ability to translate business needs into technical solutions. Additional knowledge of new technologies as they emerge. Strategic business and technology thought leadership. Training and Certifications (required and desired) Bachelor’s degree required, masters preferred Project Management Professional (PMP), preferred Technical certifications in networking, servers, virtualization, storage, and/or security, preferred EOE Statement At Evolver, we foster teamwork, growth, individuality and entrepreneurialism. We value employee opinions and encourage them to make a difference by getting involved and being thought-leaders. As a part of the Evolver team, we actively promote a working and learning environment that supports a highly qualified workforce and a quality of work life that is based on trust and respect for all employees resulting in a healthy and trusting organizational culture. Evolver, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability or veteran status. Evolver offers a comprehensive benefits plan including (but not limited to): medical, dental, vision, 401(k), life, AD &D and short term and long term disability insurance.