ASSA ABLOY Door Security Solutions provides end-users (healthcare facilities, schools, universities, military, commercial buildings, etc.) with unsurpassed security and life-safety solutions and the essential support services (LEED consultation, code compliance, access control system integration, product research and selection, specification writing services, technical support, etc.) to ensure well-functioning doorway systems in the commercial building industry. This is all accomplished by combining the strengths of industry- leading door and hardware brands. Visit www.assaabloydss.com for more information. Primary Responsibilities Support local territory efforts to promote and sell ASSA ABLOY electro- mechanical (EM) and electronic access control (EAC) products and solutions in a team selling environment. Products include ASSA ABLOY WiFi locks, PoE locks, Integrated Wiegand locks and strikes, Aperio wireless solutions. Certify integrators’ sales, installation, and support capabilities through formal hands-on product training. This also includes ongoing assessment and development of their skills to ensure ability to properly represent and promote ASSA ABLOY EM and EAC system components. Train channel partners, end users, influencers, and internal DSS personnel on proper use and application of ASSA ABLOY EM and EAC solutions. Facilitate deployments of product test beds at certified integrator’s facilities, trial installations at select end user locations, and initial installations with live integration into EAC systems. Develop plans for increasing EM and EAC sales in territory in conjunction with local and regional managers, ISS and EAC University Managers Develop wiring diagrams, represent ASSA ABLOY in pre-installation meetings with electrical contractors and other related players, conduct site surveys, audit product deployments with integrators, and conduct post-installation checks of implemented solutions. Support channel and end users selectively on EM and EAC service issues where it is impractical to get factory support Specific Duties and Responsibilities Become the territory’s “Go-To” expert competent in the applications, technology, installation, and deployment of all ASSA ABLOY EM and EAC product/system/solution offerings. Develop proficiency in presenting and demonstrating all ASSA ABLOY EM and EAC offerings; understand advantages and disadvantages vs competitors’ offerings, and skillful ways to overcome objections from the audience. Develop and elevate team’s understanding and competency in EM and EAC products and solutions so they are able to represent them to their respective stakeholders to drive sales Proactively conduct joint sales calls with DSS personnel. Examples include: end user specialists calling on building owners, architectural representatives calling on architects and specification consultants, channel specialists calling on distributors, and Integrated Solutions Specialists on integrators Able to work within a business unit that employs a team-selling and consultative selling approach. Able to effectively present to a group of multiple decision makers, including finance, security, IT, housing, card office, and C-level officers. Able to understand ASSA ABLOY's channel strategy and clearly articulate it to channel partners Strategize with team to determine optimum channel path for each EAC project to maximize our probability of winning with the highest overall product content, including mechanical hardware. Collaborate and coordinate with local Integrated Solutions Specialist to ensure successful advancement of EM and EAC sales. Collaborate with local and extended team members to maintain the EM and EAC project funnel Plan and conduct product and solution training sessions with the channel, influencers and internal DSS personnel. Provide market intelligence, product and solution input and feedback, and necessary recommendations to EAC management Meet and exceed financial objectives of the territory for EM and EAC products, including development of business where it does not exist today Maintain product demos to ensure operation and appearance Liaison for EM & EAC topics to the territory Assist channel with EM and EAC product selection via site walks or by viewing photos of the opening Troubleshoot EM and EAC product-related issues and make operational, preferably in collaboration with the integrator, and clearly articulate root cause and resolution to stakeholders, including channel partners, end users, and general contractors. Ability to lift and carry up to 50 lbs of sample and display material for sale presentations Minimum 2 year Associate's or technical degree. Minimum of 2 years experience in field sales with EMAC products and systems. Self starter with strong technical and solution sales aptitude. Proven track record of effectively working with diverse influencers and decision makers in a team selling environment. Excellent presentation and closing skills. Ability to manage time effectively; remain highly organized while managing multiple tasks. Strong follow-up skills. Ability to lift and carry up to 50 lbs of sample and display material for sale presentations.