ROLE SUMMARY: Designs and develops complex systems, equipment, and products for industrial machinery. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES : Operational Excellence Able to generate innovative mechanical solutions to problems of intermediate to high complexity. Determine feasibility of modifying existing, or designing new equipment while considering the cost, time limitations, and other technical and economic factors. Creates layout and design of mechanical parts and systems of moderate to high complexity in 3D CAD, with an understanding of how designs are applied, how they interact with other assemblies, and how they will be manufactured. Analyze product or equipment specifications and performance requirements to determine possible design improvements. Understands the rules that govern the design of AAR and FRA regulated equipment and their implications on machine designs. Analyze designs using hand calculations, Finite Element Analysis, and other software tools to prepare and compile necessary calculations to support product designs. Responsible for delivering quality, accurate releases of engineering documentation of moderate to high complexity. Checks own work and the work of others. Follows procedures and standards accurately. Communication and Leadership Provide system and car level technical leadership on projects. Provide project task status estimates and updates to technical leads or project engineers. Lead design reviews consisting of multi-disciplined team members. Provide coaching and work direction to designers and engineers in design and analysis tasks. Confer with manufacturing, suppliers, customers, and other engineering personnel to clarify or resolve problems and develop/modify designs as required. POSITION IMPACT: This position will support internal and external customers by performing engineering duties and tasks of moderate to high complexity for both new and existing machines. BEHAVIOR COMPETENCIES: Continuous Learning: Actively identifying new areas for learning; regularly creating and and taking advantage of learning opportunities; using newly gained knowledge and skill on the job and learning through their application. Communication: Clearly conveying information and ideas through a variety of media to individuals or groups in a manner that engages the audience and helps them understand and retain the message.Able to coordinate the communication between team members and facilitate team discussion. Initiating Action: Taking prompt action to accomplish objectives; taking action to achieve goals beyond what is required; being proactive. Monitors progress and takes corrective measures to achieve results. Managing Work: Effectively managing one's time and resources to ensure that work is completed efficiently. Works independently to prioritize multiple activities in complex design tasks. Quality Orientation: Accomplishing tasks by considering all areas involved, no matter how small; showing concern for all aspects of the job; accurately checking processes and tasks; being watchful over a period of time. Sets standards of excellence for self and others. QUALIFICATIONS: Education: Degree Required Preferred Major /Course of Study HS Diploma/Equivalent X Associate Degree (2 yr) Bachelors Degree (4 yr) X Mechanical Engineering Experience: Months/Years Describe 3 - 5 years Relevant experience with Bachelor’s Degree 1- 3 years Relevant experience with Master’s Degree Or equivalent combination of education and experience. Special licenses, other education, certification or professional memberships: Certification Describe Railroad Maintain railroad safety training and certifications. Skills: Item Describe Computer Working knowledge of business software including Word and Excel, Loram software including PDM/IFS, and proficient with 2D and 3D CAD. Language Read and interpret various technical, operating, and process documents. Write reports and correspondence both technical and business related. Speak before groups of customers and/or company employees. Mathematical Work with and apply various mathematical concepts in conjunction with data gathering to support design decisions and problem solving. Preferred Skills: Heavy equipment experience (structural and mechanical) Systems integration with large machines Emerging technologies; Internet of Things (wireless technology) Big Data/Data Science (using computer algorithms to determine patterns) AI/Artificial Intelligence 3D Printing Virtual Reality Robotics WORKING CONDITIONS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of the role. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Up to 10% travel including international, using any method of transportation. Ability to apply high levels of cognitive, analytical, retention and reasoning. Excellent communication skills used within any social context. Can stand, sit, walk, reach, balance, stoop, kneel, hear, taste and smell. Can see up close, distances, colors and has use of peripheral vision and depth perception. Can tolerate variable and sometimes extreme physical conditions during visits or inspections of company equipment in a railroad environment.