NAES Corporation has an immediate opening for a Plant Operator at the Carneys Point 262 MW pulverized coal-fired cogeneration facility located within the grounds of the DuPont Chambers Works, an industrial complex in Carneys Point, NJ. About NAES: We are an independent services company dedicated to delivering value to facilities across the power generation, oil & gas, petrochemical, pulp & paper, and manufacturing industries. For more than 35 years, we have drawn on our deep experience in advisory, operations, maintenance, fabrication, construction, engineering, compliance, technical support, asset management and energy management services to assess, build, operate and maintain sites that run safely, reliably and cost-effectively. We operate more than 150 power plants throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico that span all technologies and provide over 41 GW of capacity. With the strength of 4000 people, our growing family of companies now addresses the entire life cycle of power generation and other industrial plants. NAES offers competitive compensation, a comprehensive benefits package (including retirement) and promotional opportunities. The Plant Operator has the primary responsibility of directly operating plant equipment at its location within the plant in a safe, reliable and efficient manner and in full compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, policies and procedures. He or she records operational data and reports any abnormalities. He or she may also perform routine maintenance on equipment and power plant systems, and ensures their safe, proper, and efficient operation. PRIMARY FUNCTIONS Starts, stops, regulates, monitors and controls boilers, turbine generators, and all auxiliary equipment, usually using controls located directly on the equipment. Observes, records and interprets indications from instrumentation and control systems located directly on power plant systems. Assists in the investigation of plant problems, incidents, accidents, and unusual events and provides analyses, recommendations, reports and appropriate follow-up plans. Determines the need for, and performs routine operational tests and adjustments on, all power plant systems and components, as necessary. Checks daily consumption rates of chemicals, fuels and water, monitors supply inventories and initiates action to replenish them when appropriate. Performs equipment switching and hold order tagging. Writes, reviews and revises operating and related procedures. Performs routine basic preventive and predictive maintenance on all systems and equipment and supports corrective maintenance efforts on selected equipment when properly trained or supervised. Maintains logs, records, and data sheets; prepares reports and other administrative documents related to the business of steam and power production. Performs routine water chemistry testing during off-hours. Displays professional behavior at all times. SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY Requires knowledge of own assignments and eventually others in the department, as well as, that of company structure and operations. Should possess an understanding of the departmental goals and activities. Perform other duties as required by plant conditions. NAES SAFE Safety is a core value of NAES and as a condition of employment, all employees are expected to be mentally alert and work safely at all times. Additionally, employees are required to adhere to all safety warnings and posted safety signs whenever on company property. Furthermore, employees must follow all NAES safety rules and procedures. Effectiveness in carrying out this responsibility is part of the evaluation of each and every employee’s performance. WORKING RELATIONSHIPS The Plant Operator reports to the Shift Supervisor and provides work direction to Assistant Plant Operators. The Plant Operator may also give direction to maintenance personnel on matters pertaining to plant operations. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS AND WORKING CONDITIONS Physical requirements include standing on feet for extended periods, requiring stair and ladder climbing and routinely lifting up to 50 pounds. Protective equipment must be worn in the performance of some duties (e.g. hard hats, safety glasses, air masks, ear protection, chemical suits, hot gloves and high voltage protective equipment, etc.). Work with hazardous materials may be required. Position requires extended working hours and varied shifts with weekend and holiday work, as required by schedules, work load and plant conditions. "On call" status will periodically be required. All employees will participate in the Fitness for Duty Program. This program includes a post-offer physical examination and drug screening and post employment random drug screening. There are extensive smoking restrictions in and around the facility. JOB QUALIFICATIONS Ability to read and write in English and perform basic mathematical computations; high school or vocational school diploma preferred Three years of experience in an industrial or military environment Knowledge of power plant equipment, such as motors, pumps, boilers, fluid systems, chemical handling, water treatment systems, cooling towers, pollution control equipment, AC and DC electrical distribution and control systems, etc. Basic knowledge/ability to understand fundamental principles of physics, mathematics, AC and DC electrical theory, heat transfer and fluid flow, thermodynamics and chemistry Ability to read and comprehend mechanical and electrical drawings, P&IDs, single line diagrams, schematics and logic diagrams. Knowledge of power plant safety procedures, especially in such areas as chemical handling, high energy systems, confined spaces, incipient fire suppression, first aid, rotating machinery, heavy equipment operation, etc. Knowledge of maintenance functions as they relate to plant operations Knowledge of power plant systems Ability to operate valves, switches, controls, keyboards and other devices associated with power plant and material handling equipment Ability to use basic hand tools, portable electric and pneumatic tools, basic rigging such as winches, hoists and slings and implements such as lances, shovels, pry bars, etc. Ability to understand an apply plant procedures Ability to recognize hazards, anticipate accidents and implement corrective measures and policies in order to avoid them Ability to work rotating shift work, including days, nights, Holidays and unscheduled overtime as needed Computer proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint applications), GP Learning Module, and CMMS MP2 Module. Valid driver’s license. It is the practice of NAES to seek employees of the highest quality and to select the individuals on the basis of merit and competence, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, military status or affiliation protected under USERRA, or any other basis of discrimination prohibited by applicable local, state and federal law.