The Harris County Tax Office is looking for a seasoned SQL Server Database Administrator to manage the enterprise-level database systems of the third largest county in the country. The goal is to ensure the performance, robustness, scalability, and integrity of multiple databases across multiple servers to support many internal and external web-based and Windows-based applications. Job Duties and Responsibilities : Responsible for designing, installing, and configuring database systems. Monitors the daily operations of database systems including SQL server jobs, general performance, errors, etc. Performs all necessary backup/recovery tasks with a focus on automating the processes. Designs new database structures, identifying issues with current structures and refactoring them if necessary when and where appropriate. Works on a team with .NET/web developers to optimize stored procedures and queries. Creates, maintains and enhances indices, views, triggers, jobs, etc. Maintains SQL Reporting Services & Performance Tuning. Tracks growth of databases and makes recommendations to allow future database growth. Conducts capacity planning for server hardware utilization (CPU, RAM, disk space) Capable of and willing to document all programs, procedures and data structures. Works under deadlines. Must have a professional attitude and appearance, ability to communicate with all levels of management and outside supported entities. Performs other duties as assigned. Requirements A Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or a directly related discipline and A minimum of five (5) years of hands-on experience in SQL-Server DBA to include: SQL Server 2012, 2014, 2016 NOTE: To qualify for this position, required experience, education and skills must be clearly stated in your application's employment history. Resumes are welcome, but we do not use any information provided on your resume to qualify and refer you to the Hiring Department for consideration. Preferences Certifications are a Plus+ Strong knowledge of SQL Server, MSSQL, Active Server Pages, ADO, VBScript, JavaScript, .NET, HTML. Past or recent experience with .NET development and with .NET developers. Excellent problem solving, analytical, and organizational traits. Demonstrate the ability to learn on the job with leadership skills and the ability to work independently. Ability to anticipate obstacles and define alternative strategies in a timely manner. Ability to prioritize tasks with or without supervision; self-motivator & self-learner. Ability to work on multiple projects with concurrent deadlines in a timely manner. Must possess critical thinking abilities. Demonstrated tact and diplomacy with excellent written and verbal communication skills. Must be customer service oriented and proficient in scheduling projects, and seeing them through to fruition. General Information WORKING CONDITIONS: This position is physically comfortable; the individual has discretion about walking, standing, etc. There are no major sources of discomfort, i.e., essentially normal office environment with acceptable lighting, temperature and air conditions. Requires attendance at outside training seminars and/or conferences. Work assignments are diversified, which may include solving issues after hours. Examples of past precedent are used to resolve work problems. New alternatives may be developed to resolve problems. A frequent volume of work and deadlines impose a strain on a routine basis. Regular application of basic skills (calculator, keyboard, hand tools, eye/hand coordination) HOURS: Monday - Friday / 7:45 am to 4:45 pm (subject to change) Willing and able to work special hours upon request SALARY: Commensurate with Experience Based on 26 Pay Periods Due to a high volume of applications positions may close prior to the advertised closing date.