Who we are Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 237 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In. Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Note: Provide full legal first Name/Family Name DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell Provide full address details Resume is required Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application Job Description Summary: PayPal is looking for a passionate, self-driven Director that can lead the Security Infrastructure and Architecture in the Security Architecture, Engineering and Operations organization. The Director of Security Infrastructure and Architecture will have direct responsibility to enhance and enable PayPal’s ability to expand and protect the brand by maturing a global portfolio of information security services, tools and product capabilities. The position entails leading PayPal’s Security Infrastructure team, including ownership and management of architecture, deployment, management, and support for security tools, products, and services. This leader will be responsible for owning a holistic security architecture supporting PayPal business while continuing to protect the brand; ensuring the safety and trust across all products and services globally. This is a leadership position, reporting to the Head of Security Architecture, Engineering and Operations. Job Description: About PayPal is looking for a passionate, self-driven Director that can lead the Security Infrastructure and Architecture in the Security Architecture, Engineering and Operations organization. The Director of Security Infrastructure and Architecture will have direct responsibility to enhance and enable PayPal’s ability to expand and protect the brand by maturing a global portfolio of information security services, tools and product capabilities. The position entails leading PayPal’s Security Infrastructure team, including ownership and management of architecture, deployment, management, and support for security tools, products, and services. This leader will be responsible for owning a holistic security architecture supporting PayPal business while continuing to protect the brand; ensuring the safety and trust across all products and services globally. This is a leadership position, reporting to the Head of Security Architecture, Engineering and Operations. If you are the kind of person who thinks outside of the box, brings an extra edge to the table to accomplish tasks, and desires to gain real-world experience with a world-class team in the ever-changing field of security, then please apply for this position. Specific Responsibilities Lead the PayPal Security Infrastructure and Architecture group. Manage engineers with a delivery mindset to bring new security capabilities to the company. Lead the Security Architecture function, working with Engineering and Product counterparts across the organization, to facilitate secure solutions for PayPal as a whole. Required Skills Collaborate with security leadership to establish goals and intended outcomes relating to product security, platform and infrastructure security, security tools strategy, and architectural direction contributing to a security strategy shaped by the PayPal business strategy - against the backdrop of a fast changing, evolving global marketplace. Lead the rationalization and expansion of large-scale architectures for security products portfolio. Drive teams to consensus on designs, patterns, best practices and implementation methods that are enterprise adopted and business applicable. Assess gaps between current and target security architectures, evaluate options, and develop appropriate solution strategies leveraging PayPal's technologies in combination with open source and COTS products. Manage all security infrastructure and architecture staff both internal and contracted Provide expertise and security requirements to colleagues across the company who are building platform, infrastructure, and database applications and frameworks Represent PayPal security to external parties in building long-term roadmaps for external security products Develop multi-year infrastructure security strategy and security products roadmap including architecture blueprints. These blueprints define and guide specific areas of investment and alignment of security capabilities required within platform solutions such as public and private cloud deployment, data center services, database and systems infrastructure, security instrumentation, and platform frameworks _We know the_ _confidence gap_ _and_ _imposter syndrome_ _can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please don't hesitate to apply._ Experience Requirements Respected senior information security leader at a large, global company in dynamic and fast-changing markets Experience building and managing large teams of top-tier engineers Experience designing and delivering internet-scale, enterprise-wide information security technology architectures, products, capabilities, and processes with a focus on scalability, durability, and performance Demonstrated experience in strategic planning, translation into operating plans and budgets, making buy/build decisions based on requirements, importance to business, risk, and cost. Experience in financial services and security technology industries Competency Requirements Outstanding thought leadership, architectural and implementation skills – a thinker and a doer – able to look at information security comprehensively and strategically, and able to translate business strategy into technical vision and strategy Demonstrated ability to lead with innovative ideas rather than follow the competition and traditional approaches; an "out-of-the-box" thinker who will determine what PayPal needs to build today to get ahead of future threats Ability to build and manage high-quality teams and develop security engineering talent from both internal and external sources. A self-motivated and self-directed people leader with demonstrated ability to attract, develop, retain and motivate top-tier talent and build an organization that is primed to get ahead of threats by using intelligence-based security to understand where the threats are going, in real-time A track record of proactively building and maintaining healthy and productive partnerships with executives and operating teams in all geographies; effectively converting security perspectives into the business context of the organization Strong orientation toward making decisions that will benefit the organization as a whole, rather than optimizing resources or benefits solely his or her for own team Subsidiary: PayPal Travel Percent: 0 Primary Location: Scottsdale, Arizona, United States of America Additional Locations: We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. Paypal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.