Overview Jimmy John’s Sandwiches is a no B. S. explosive growth company. We sell more dollars per sq ft than any other chain in America. We open a new store about every 48 hours. We are searching for a select few who dare to keep up with us. If you are a straight shooter, if you take discipline and feedback well, we want to talk to you. The Business Coach is the first line of support for our Franchise owners. This position is responsible for helping owners increase sales and decrease operational costs by coaching them how to effectively operate a Jimmy John's unit. A key responsibility for the Coach is to audit each location for brand consistency and operational excellence in order to help the owner realize maximum return on their investment. If you love getting your hands dirty and thrive on performance based compensation, this may be just what you're looking for! If you prefer to give orders and sit back while everyone else does the dirty work, stop reading now and carry on with your search. When you join the Jimmy John’s team your future is in your hands. It really doesn't matter if you’re a delivery driver or a corporate honcho. If like thinking like an entrepreneur, and you have a strong sense of being in charge of your own destiny, check us out. We offer spectacular opportunities for growth, adventure, and we share the profits. In order to be successful at our company as a Business Coach you must possess the following qualities: Honesty and Integrity – as in all the time, not just when it works out for you. Ability to tell it like it is with tact – brutal honesty with a positive spin. Come to work ready to kick a$$ and make it happen – you must be eager to work harder than everyone else. We have a strong culture here at Jimmy John's - you must be willing to buy into this and do things the Jimmy way. Extreme attention to detail - you must catch the little things that everyone else might miss. A need to lead and coach others – you should be passionate about training and able to lead by example. Great history of past employment – enough said. Ability and desire to travel extensively - but we have killer flexibility for scheduling. In return for killer performance, we offer: Competitive compensation Paid time off vacation Health, vision, dental, and life insurance 401(k) Advancement potential within the Franchise Operations team or one of our other 19 departments