POSITION OVERVIEW Daisy Brand is looking to take relationships with retail partners to the next level by building out our Customer Development function. We are seeking a highly experienced Customer Development Manager to build the function, managing a team that includes Category Management/ Customer Insights, the Wal- Mart Category Management team, Syndicated Analytics, and Account Specific Data. Working as key member of the Sales team, this position will lead the Customer Development function and be responsible for leading the transition in our customer interactions from transactional to partnership. Key responsibilities of this function include: Creating customer insights to drive retailer recommendations Determining and implementing Customer Development strategic business practices Leading the analysis of consumer purchase patterns, optimal pricing and promotions, schematic analysis Partnering with sales to develop best in class sales presentations utilizing category insights while integrating syndicated data into graphical format This position reports directly to the Director of Sales, a CPG tenured individual with high drive for success and growth. This position is a high level position located in Dallas, TX at corporate headquarters. Please note: titles at Daisy Brand are not comparable to those at other CPG companies. Although the title of this position is Manager, this position is similar to Director-level at many other CPG firms. Compensation and accountability will reflect the experience and skill required for a position at this level. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Build and develop a highly effective Customer Development team Proactive thought leadership in finding and pursuing business growth opportunities Lead implementation of category management best practices Understand industry, shopper and category trends and translating them into actionable insights and strategic business recommendations to achieve both Daisy Brand and customer goals and objectives Manage customer and category data using state of the art analytics to extract insights that will drive organic growth Collaborate with identified strategic customers, sales, brand marketing and trade marketing to develop best in class sales materials Must be collaborative and able to work cross-functionally to manage the development of best in class category practices. Partner with the Insights team to leverage syndicated data sources (i.e., IRI scanner and panel data, etc.) to help monitor and diagnose the brand/category and address business issues and information needs Support the sales organization with amazing customer sales presentations utilizing category insights and analytics COMPENSATION Compensation will be competitive and commensurate with experience. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE/QUALIFICATIONS A minimum of 10 years CPG experience with increasing responsibility A minimum of 7-10 years of people development and management experience. Experience as a “manager of managers” a plus Proven track record of success at all major retailers across grocery and mass Well-versed in ever-changing retailer landscape and associated implications for manufacturers Current on the latest category technology enablers, platforms and research Excellent verbal and written communication skills, especially the ability to explain difficult concepts and insights in applicable business terms Innate ability to build strong relationships with others, both internally and externally Foresight to identify opportunities and risks to the business and the ability to respond accordingly High level of experience with syndicated data, customer/retailer data, JDA, and Microsoft Office Solid use of influencing skills to gain alignment, agreement and commitments, both internally and externally Proven collaboration abilities, strategic thinking, and leadership skills EDUCATION A Bachelor’s degree (in a relevant major) from a well-respected university is required. An MBA is preferred, but not required. Company Overview For more than four generations (almost 100 years), Daisy Brand has been a family-owned company committed to providing the freshest, most wholesome dairy products with over half a billion in revenues. The company is headquartered in Dallas, Texas with manufacturing plants in Garland, Texas (opened in 1998), Casa Grande, Arizona (opened in 2008), and Wooster, Ohio (opened in late 2015). Having grown to above a 45 share, Daisy Sour Cream is the Nation’s number one brand with distribution in all 50 states. Additionally, Daisy is the largest brand in food service, military, and club and is recognized by consumers for “A Dollop of Daisy”, a tagline that put this once small brand on the map. After almost two decades of research, Daisy Cottage Cheese was introduced in 2007. Similar to Daisy Sour Cream, the ingredient list and innovative manufacturing processes produce products that deliver a longer shelf life without preservatives. In 2015, after years of testing and development, Daisy introduced a squeeze sour cream package. The revolutionary design, developed with convenience and freshness in mind, is a first for the category and has exceeded all sales expectations since launch. Daisy’s core values are Clean and Trust, which are woven into everything we do. In 2008, the company was given the impressive American Business Ethics award, awarded by Foundation for Financial Service Professionals. While maintaining a strong culture of curious and innovative problem-solvers, Daisy Brand tripled employment over the last 15 years. The future looks bright with the opening of its third facility to further strengthen the foundation for growth. Daisy Brand has been led by David Sokolsky, fourth generation family member from 1978 through 2012 at which point, he assumed the role of CEO and turned over the presidency. Vince Taylor, a non-family member took over the presidency in 2012 and has been leading the growth since. _Daisy Brand offers company paid options for employee medical and dental plans; 401(k) with employer match and profit sharing contributions; company paid life insurance, short term disability and long term disability; and, a generous time off schedule. Daisy Brand is a nicotine-free company. Daisy Brand is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Veterans and disabled are encouraged to apply._