Overview UNIFY Financial Credit Union is one of the nation’s largest 100 credit unions with a reputation for being financially sound and growth- oriented. We’re expanding rapidly to meet the needs of a growing member base. At UNIFY, our team members work together to strive toward a common goal, “providing superior service to our members.” In doing so, we promote a culture where your ideas matter, your growth matters, and you matter. We encourage all team members to challenge and encourage themselves and their teammates to work smarter and to be more successful. Location: Allen, TX or Mesa, AZ Responsibilities The Information Security Analyst assists in the protection of the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the Credit Union’s proprietary information by monitoring, analyzing, enhancing and maintaining technical security controls in support of the Information Security Program. Specific Duties and Responsibilities: Serves as a core member of UNIFY’s InfoSec group performing varying security duties including threat awareness, network analysis and incident response. Supports internal and external security regulatory compliance framework and audit processes. Collects and prepares documentation from various systems and collaborates with Information Technology and Business Departments in preparation for external regulator examinations and other audits. Tracks the status of Information Security exposures, and works with Information Technology and other stakeholders to remediate them. Performs limited IT Audit activities and testing of controls for critical applications. Support vulnerability scanning activities, interprets the results, and validates potential exposures. Experience with tools such as Nessus, Qualys, Burp Suite, NMAP, Metasploit and other similar tools. Works with day-to-day monitoring and alerting of Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) technologies. Helps with the creation of monthly metrics reports as directed by the CISO. Performs analysis of logs from various systems to identify unexpected or malicious activity. Reviews the privilege levels deviations based on Windows domain and application-specific roles. Performs system certification by reviewing servers and workstations against a baseline checklist to ensure only certified systems will be allowed to join the network. Supports the implementation of new Information Technology capabilities by participating in product evaluations, rollout plans, and system testing. Evaluates a wide range of data, including logs, NetFlow data, centralized syslog, authentication logs, and others to detect security incidents. Take timely action as appropriate: block problem traffic, send alerts and/or investigate when suspicious activity is detected. Works with Information Security management to develop and maintain security policies, practices and standards. Ensures full compliance with UNIFY Financial Credit Union service standards, policies, and procedures. Supports Information Security education and awareness program activities. Stays informed on trends and issues in the security industry, including current and emerging technologies. Performs other duties as assigned. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Management Information Systems, Computer Engineering, or Computer Science. 5 years of related experience in Information Security Operations or equivalent combination of education and experience. Requires experience operating or assessing IT components such as data centers, networks, server and workstation operating systems, infrastructure components, and databases. Two of the following professional certifications or equivalent: SANS GIAC, CISSP, MCSE, CCNA, CEH, OSCP. Requires the ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing, with individuals and groups. Proficient in spreadsheet and word-process applications. See the UNIFY Difference! At UNIFY, we believe that each team member is a valued contributor. Through a teamwork approach, we strive to provide a positive and rewarding workplace that helps our team succeed. UNIFY provides a work environment which promotes learning, growth, and the opportunity for team members to challenge themselves. Competitive Compensation and Excellent Benefits Package Includes: Medical (PPO/HMO), Prescription, Dental (PPO/DMO), Vision, Life, and Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance Dependent and Medical Care - Flexible Spending Accounts Vacation, Sick, Personal and Holiday Pay 401(K) Plan with employer match Education reimbursement for approved programs UNIFY banking privileges for you and your family All programs subject to review and change UNIFY is proud to be a drug-free, equal-opportunity employer. For more information on UNIFY, visit us at www.unifyfcu.com LI-HR 'IND123'