Requisition ID: 210752 SUMMARY : Candidate performs assignments that will develop professional work knowledge and abilities through the application of standard engineering techniques, procedures and criteria. Exercises limited but increasing judgment in performing assigned tasks. Using prescribed methods, performs specific and limited portions of a broader assignment of an experienced engineer. ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES: Assists in conceptual designs, studies, reports and proposals. Performs calculations and basic preliminary analyses. Uses engineering/computer application tools as directed. Checks manufacturers’ drawings and data for compliance with specifications. Assists in detailed development of established design concepts for process systems, structures and equipment. Assists in developing or reviews discipline material quantity estimates. Compiles, verifies and correlates data relating to engineering problems. Assists in evaluation of suppliers. Provides input to and/or maintains records for equipment and components. Participates in preparation of material requisitions, specifications and other related procurement documents. Coordinates assigned work with other technical personnel as directed. Assists in development and verification of project control documents and status reports JOB KNOWLEDGE: Basic technical knowledge of engineering systems and calculations, applications of engineering methods, construction materials, and application of computer tools to engineering problems. Prefer EIT certification and basic awareness of industry or regulatory standards and design criteria pertinent to the particular engineering discipline. Also candidate has basic skills in oral and written communication. Candidate has a recognized degree in engineering or a related scientific discipline, from an accredited college or university. Practical work experience to the degree necessary to perform the responsibilities outlined above in design engineering or other relevant types of engineering such as systems startup, field engineering, or plant operation in large industrial plants, utilities, process plants or other engineering/construction firms. _Shaping tomorrow together_ _Bechtel_ _is among the most respected engineering, project management, and construction companies in the world. We stand apart for our ability to get the job done right—no matter how big, how complex, or how remote. Bechtel operates through four global business units that specialize in infrastructure; mining and metals; nuclear, security and environmental; and oil, gas, and chemicals. Since its founding in 1898, Bechtel has worked on more than 25,000 projects in 160 countries on all seven continents. Today, our 53,000 colleagues team with customers, partners, and suppliers on diverse projects in nearly 40 countries._ _An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without_ _regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected_ _veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability._