Job Title Full Stack Developer Job Description In this role, you have the opportunity to Help our software development team accelerate the creation of lifesaving and life sustaining IOT devices that are used in hospitals and pre-hospital situations globally. You are responsible for Software planning, design, implementation, testing, and documentation Create products according to the specifications and software development process Create engineering documentation to comply with the product development policies, practices, and procedures Collaborate with Software Development Engineers and Software Test Engineers to deliver the highest quality products in a timely and cost-effective manner You will actively contribute in aspects of agile software development: planning, tracking, architecture, development, configuration management, testing, integration, validation, and documentation. Support cross functional (e.g., Support, Documentation) inquiries Support investigation and resolution of defects in the installed base of existing products You are a part of The Data Management Solutions Group (DMSG) is part of the Philips Healthcare Emergency Care & Resuscitation (ECR) business unit located in Bothell, Washington. The DMSG team is responsible for delivering software products to Philips’ Automated External Defibrillator (AED) & monitor/defibrillator customers that include ability to send patient vitals data, provide retrospective analysis of case data, support remote monitoring of device status, and set the configuration of the AED devices. To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experience BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Computer/Software Engineering or equivalent work experience You are passionate around building web-based products/solutions Experience with and understanding of C or Java is a must Understanding of HTTP / HTTPS protocol and REST web service development is desirable Working knowledge of Microsoft development technologies Cross-platform & cross-browser development experience and development experience is highly desired Experience in Medical Device or regulated environments is a plus Take pride in writing clean code, strong documentation, and good test coverage You like being part of a team and the importance from learning from others US work authorization is a precondition of employment. The company will not consider candidates who require sponsorship for a work-authorized visa." Why should you join Philips? Working at Philips is more than a job. It’s a calling to create a healthier society through meaningful work, focused on improving 3 billion lives a year by delivering innovative solutions across the health continuum. Our people experience a variety of unexpected moments when their lives and careers come together in meaningful ways. To find out more about what it’s like working for Philips at a personal level, visit the Working at Philips page on our career website, where you can read stories from our employee blog. Once there, you can also learn about our recruitment process, or find answers to some of the frequently asked questions. Philips is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetic information, creed, citizenship, disability, protected veteran or marital status. As an equal opportunity employer, Philips is committed to a diverse workforce. In order to ensure reasonable accommodation for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Veterans' Readjustment Act of 1974, and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, applicants that require accommodation in the job application process may contact 888-367-7223, option 5, for assistance. LI-PH1 Contact If you forgot your password, you can click the Forgot Password button on the Sign In screen to reset it. In case of technical difficulties, please send an email to careersite@philips.com. (Note: To ensure fairness and legal compliance in our recruitment processes, only technical issues will be monitored through the above inbox. Please do not submit resumes or applications to this email, as they will not be reviewed. Only applications received through the online application process will be considered.)