Support analytic data needs for assigned business unit. Handle complex data requests and acts as a “go to” person for other Data Analysts. Identify and prioritize recurring and ad hoc data analysis needs of the Health Plan to enable management to control medical costs and ensure delivery of quality healthcare to members Coordinate analysis and develop initiatives with cross health plan initiatives and capabilities Perform analysis and reporting to support the Health Plan and Corporate Manage development efforts with technical team liaisons, including business requirements gathering and documentation, testing, delivery and user adoption, and effectively communicate deliverable expectations to the Health Plan Analyze plan data including service and clinical trend analysis Develop reports through various data reporting tools Manage, mentor, and train team of analysts Preferred Qualifications: Advanced analytic experience with the ability to take complex data and create actionable items to direct business outcomes. Ability to translate complex analytics into presentations that tell a story and support business initiatives. Leadership experience with the ability to coach and mentor junior data analyst. Experience working with provider data, conducting trend analysis and predictive analysis. Demonstrated experience working with the following: SQL, Microstrategy, Tableau, Python, R and Teradata. Qualifications: Education/Experience: Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent experience. Master’s degree preferred. 5+ years of data analysis experience, preferably in healthcare. Previous experience as a lead in a functional area, managing cross functional teams on large scale projects or supervisory experience including hiring, training, assigning work and managing the performance of staff. Advanced SQL and Microsoft Excel skills, relational database knowledge, and various data reporting tool experience preferred. Knowledge of statistics and application of high level mathematical models in medical and pharmacy claims data preferred. Understanding of health insurance business, claims payment procedures, strategies and trends in health care government programs preferred. _Centene is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity, and values the ways in which we are different. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other characteristic protected by applicable law._