Are you interested in becoming part of a dynamic team that is looking to innovate and improve? Would you like to work for a company that has been rated by the BBJ (15+yrs) as one of the best places to work? Do you want to be part of a company that is committed to giving back to the community? Harvard Pilgrim Health Care is currently seeking highly motivated individuals to join our organization as Strategic Analyst. WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: As part of the Key Accounts team, work directly with high profile consultants, brokers and customers to understand data requests for key accounts, including but not limited to enrollment data, tiered/steerage network data, population health, risk charge and settlement data, membership engagement data, and cost and utilization data. Proactively work with high-profile consultants, brokers and customers to anticipate needs, suggest analytics that will assist in account decision making, create standard reports for common combinations of data from different areas of the organization. Work with internal departments to gather disparate data points and integrate with other data points to form a wider view of the account’s information, interpreting the data to create a comprehensive assessment of performance, identify opportunities for innovative programs, and inform strategic decisions. Develop most effective method to communicate information (e.g., presentation, reporting dashboard, etc). Provide support to entire key accounts team regarding all analytical requests, work with the Informatics Department to communicate the requirements of the request and ensures completion of the work within customer deadline. Interpret the data provided by Informatics and draws customer focused conclusions and/or makes recommendations to broker/customer based on the data provided. Perform out-of-the-box thinking, collaborate with others, and make a difference every day! Other duties and projects as assigned. Qualifications WHAT YOU NEED: BA/BS degree in Analytics, Statistics, Data Science, Health Informatics or similar. MA/MS/MBA degree preferred. Ability to manipulate data using large datasets and multiple data sources, using SAS/SQL. Strong Health Insurance and healthcare business acumen. Excellent communication skills and experience presenting findings to key and senior internal and external stakeholders and decision-makers. WHAT MAKES US STAND OUT: Work-Life-Flexibility Paid volunteer time off (up to 3 days annually) Open Time Off (include for exempt positions only) Annual Mini-Grant of $500 donated to a non-profit organization of the employee’s choice Educational Reimbursement Working Environment Disclaimer The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position. Primary Location : United States of America-Massachusetts-Wellesley Organization : 667 INFORMATICS