General Statement of Duties Information Technology Services (ITS) department at Salem State University seeks a junior database administrator. The junior database administrator will provide day-to-day operational support of our enterprise-wide SQL Server and Oracle databases. This role is responsible for supporting the faculty, students and staff of Salem State University in their IT initiatives, while working independently or as a member of a team, in order to deliver applicable solutions within assigned time-frames while supporting existing infrastructure and systems. The successful candidate will be responsible for assisting the Senior Database Administrator and performing duties as assigned by the Director – Cloud and Data Center Operations. Duties and Responsibilities (E) Assists senior DBA with installation, configuration, maintenance, backup and recovery, monitoring, and availability of Oracle and SQL Server database instances, systems, and applications (E) Assists Senior DBA with ensuring performance, integrity, and security of database instances (E) Assists Senior DBA in providing database support to University personnel during all phases of software implementation and/or upgrades (E) Responsible for composing documentation detailing database administration standards and procedures (E) Responsible for maintaining personal knowledge and professional expertise consistent with current database trends Serve on committees as assigned by the president or designee Demonstrate sensitivity to students, faculty and staff of varying racial, ethnic, religious, gender, cultural, disability, sexual orientation and socioeconomic backgrounds Demonstrate sensitivity to students with a diversity of learning styles Serve as a role model and mentor for students as appropriate Qualifications Required Qualifications: Bachelor's degree Minimum of three years of progressively responsible experience administering application databases Working experience with the following core technologies: UNIX, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle RDBMS, MySQL Experience and ability to work in a team environment Preferred Qualifications: Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing Previous experience with Microsoft Cloud Services; i.e. O365, Azure Experience with off-site backup administration Microsoft certification Working Conditions: Salem State University complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified applicants and employees with disabilities. Office activities are performed in an environmentally controlled office setting subject to extended periods of sitting, keyboarding and interaction with computer equipment; occasional bending, reaching, lifting, pushing and pulling up to 5-10 pounds. Ability to work nights as needed. Special Instructions to Applicants: Please apply online and attach resume and cover letter. Employment is contingent upon a completed background and CORI check satisfactory to the university. Internal candidates are not subject to background check. EEO Statement: Salem State University is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Persons of color, women and persons with disabilities are strongly urged to apply. Please Note: If there is no application deadline associated with a position, it may come down at any time. Once a posting is removed, additional applications will not be accepted.