Executive Admin - Technical Services (L8) Description When you join Daimler, you become a brand ambassador for a diverse global network of over 250,000 committed employees on 6 continents. Our employees drive the future of innovation in each of our world-class brands, including Freightliner trucks, Western Star trucks, Detroit™ engines and components, Thomas Built Buses, and Freightliner Custom Chassis. Daimler Trucks North America (DTNA) is the undisputed leader in the commercial vehicle market. We are elevating the industry by setting the bar for quality and execution. Our DTNA employees are empowered to drive the Technology Revolution through our innovative products and customer-focused culture. Our dedication to our customers does not stop once our products hit the road. We immerse ourselves in the customers’ experience and what drives their business toward the future. Daimler. One Team. Best Team. Driven to connect our world. Apply today! Job Overview Assist department with general duties as needed, including taking notes, scheduling meetings, preparing expense reports, and any other tasks provided. Responsibilities Type correspondence from shorthand notes, transcription material, or handwritten notes and arrange material in a professional format. Edit and correct material as necessary. Correspondence may be of an extremely confidential and/or technical nature. Optimize Director's time by proactively assuming administrative tasks such as handling email and phone calls. Receive and distribute incoming mail. Answers mail of a routine nature. May prepare replies of a semi-technical or technical nature for approval. Maintain Director's calendar; schedule internal meetings/appointments with other departments, staff meetings, and external meetings with vendors. Coordinate meeting facilities and food orders for meetings Coordinate domestic and international travel arrangements including, but not limited to flight reservations, tickets, transportation at destination, hotel accommodations, travel advances, and itineraries. Prepare and process travel expense forms at the completion of trip Participate in regularly scheduled team/staff meetings, prepare agenda Create purchase requisitions for facility and department, apply goods receipt against purchase orders. PC Coordinator, order IT equipment, miscellaneous IDs, email, cell phones, copier and printers, and miscellaneous accessories. Create and Maintain Management Vacation Schedule Maintain Departments multiple Organizational Charts Technical Services Sharepoint site and also the DSSS DETROIT Support Staff Team Site Manage and back up to multiple conference room meeting requests Office supplies for Technical Services which includes, Plant Engineering, MRO, Mailroom and Building Services includes Business Cards Manage Monthly Safety Talks Preparation for International Colleagues visits, such as badges, access, and information Provides backup support for other administrative assistants for vacation/absences Plan and assist in Operations Holiday events Community Service on behalf of Technical Services such as AWIM, WIN May assist with data gathering, formulation, and preparation of special projects of a technical nature. Responsible for the administration and maintenance of various schedules, records, and files as is necessary. Maintain a professional image for the executive and the company. Meet and greet customers and visitors. Qualifications High school diploma (or equivalent) with 3 years of related experience OR an associate’s degree (or higher) in lieu of experience required. An attached resume is required. Excellent planning and organizational skills, including prioritizing assignments from multiple leaders accordingly to urgency, impact and length to complete tasks required. High level of problem solving ability, demonstrates analytical skills and decision making required. Excellent communication skills; oral and written required. Assist in preparing and coordinate the flow of communication from management to the team preferred. High level of interpersonal skills and ability to work well with others at all levels required. May assist with gathering data for preparation with technical and/or confidential presentations preferred. Additional Information Applicants must be legally authorized to work permanently in the U.S. at the time of application Final candidate must successfully complete a pre-employment drug screen and criminal background check EEO/Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans For an accommodation or special assistance with applying for a posted position, please contact our Human Resources department at 503-745-8982 or toll free 800-206-3369. For TTY/TDD enabled call 503-745-2137 or toll free 866-355-6935. Organization : Daimler Trucks North America LLC Primary Location : United States of America-Michigan-Detroit Work Locations : 13400 Outer Drive, West 13400 Outer Drive, West Detroit 48239