Henkel Beauty Care holds leading market positions worldwide and its brand- name product business is continuously expanding. In this fastmoving sector, success depends on constant innovation and high-quality products. Are you ready to work in a challenging, but also glamorous and dynamic environment? If you share a passion for hair and beauty, this is the place to start your career. The Master Data Manager will interface with Supply Chain Planning, Purchasing, R &D, Packaging Engineering, Finance and Contract Manufacturing on a day to day basis. What we offer Essential Tasks and Responsibilities: MMD workflow ownership, implementation of international strategy and enhancement of process Process training to all involved parties on request. Data approval, and transmission from MMD to P03 Provide support and ensure completeness / quality for start up of new products or for new contract manufacturing sites. This may include coordination with Transportation, Purchasing, Marketing, Scheduling, or any needed business function. Develop and maintain master data business rules for main process steps. Keep documentation. Develop efficient communication processes with project teams through meetings, reporting, etc. Who we are looking for Required skill sets: Very good understanding of data flow and new product introduction process within Henkel Strong knowledge of SAP Working knowledge of master production scheduling / planning and inventory management, processes and systems (SAP / APO), MRP process. Very strong communication skills, capability to conduct trainings to different departments. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Highly motivated, very proactive, detail oriented and seeks accuracy in work product Capable of working independently in a fast -paced and multi-tasking environment Proficient in the Microsoft Office suite, especially Excel skills Bachelor’s Degree preferred 5 years related experience preferably in Supply Chain, RnD or Technical departments 5 years SAP experience Henkel is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.