Title: Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) Location: Tempe, AZ headquarters Reports to: QA Supervisor The successful candidate has: A passion for software testing and test automation for both desktop and web applications. Demonstrated ability to design testing scenarios, decompose and isolate software features/functions, and develop automated test strategies to ensure quality. Experience with writing and executing Test Plans, Test Scenarios and Test Cases. Mid-level experience with C or any other object orient programming language. Intermediate/advanced level experience with SQL. Agile/SCRUM experience. Experience with Selenium WebDriver or White. The Ideal candidate possesses: Understanding of relational database concepts and SQL language. Knowledgeable of machine learning and/or artificial intelligence technologies and concepts. Experience with behavior-driven development (BDD) with SpecFlow. Experience mentoring and leading junior developers. About the role. How you will make an impact: As a Software Development Engineer in Test, you will work closely with your respective software development team, and the onshore/offshore test engineers to deliver our test automation goals. While testing our products to ensure they are working well, you will detect, duplicate, and report deviations from product specifications. This involves developing, implementing, and maintaining manual and automated testing methodologies to ensure stability and accuracy of software applications. As you discover findings, you will provide clarification and input on technical specifications, user manuals, and other product documentation. Areas of focus will include, but not be limited to, functional tests at various layers of the application stack, including unit, integration, API, load, performance, regression, and UI layer tests. Challenges you will help us solve: Design and implement a test automation strategy that results in high levels of confidence in product quality and supports a continuous integration development pipeline. We are looking for someone who: Is genuinely passionate about test automation. Is attracted to complicated, complex problems. Is forward thinking and likes to learn & use new technologies. Is built to thrive in ambiguity and doesn't mind frequent pivots. Plays well with others. You thrive while sharing knowledge and receiving input. We win with people. Here’s how we support ours: 100% company-paid benefits for the employee including: Health, Dental, Short/Long Term Disability and up to $50,000 in life insurance. 15 PTO days and 10 paid holidays. 401(k) plan with employer match. Veterinary Savings Program. Flexible start and end times. Start-up company mentality with 29 years of industry experience. Work/Life balance is valued and upheld. Progressive, hip environment with private food market, onsite gym, outdoor patio, lounge & game room, and casual office culture. AA/EOE M/F/D/V