What You'll Do A Customer Solutions Architect (CSA) is a senior technical salesperson that works with customers, account executives and sales engineering leadership to develop strategies that deliver business outcomes based on a deep understanding of customer needs, industry trends, and available offerings. This position provides the opportunity to: Build relationships to communicate customized Cisco messaging at all levels within the account. Leverage Cisco's strategic direction to articulate the value at all levels within the customer's organization. Leverage customer strategic direction to influence Cisco product/business units prioritization and direction. Bring the Cisco and customer strategic directions together, including all aspects of on-prem, cloud, and hybrid solutions. Maintain broad technology breadth and work across product boundaries to build complete solutions, including managing communications and deliverables across all the relevant Cisco business units. Provide consultancy for the account to ensure proper requirements vetting throughout the solution-development life cycle. Conduct research into advanced topics significant to the customer and cultivate relationships with subject matter experts inside and outside of Cisco, as required. And much more. Who You'll Work With You will be working within Cisco's Global Service Provider (GSP) segment and the WEB organization specifically. Our customers are a strategic growth sector and are driving innovation and new ways of doing business for Service Providers and Enterprises across a wide array of markets: next generation IP networks, security, mobility, video, cloud & virtualization, and Internet of Everything! As part of the WEB team, you will work with an energetic and optimistic sales and services team. Further, you will have access to a software-focused prototyping team to help seamlessly integrate solutions into a customer's operational environment. Who You Are You are a networking professional with 8+ years of networking experience and at least 4 years of field experience working with large accounts in a technical sales capacity, preferably with some form of leadership responsibility (e.g. a Consulting Systems Engineer or equivalent). Such experience includes leading large technical initiatives from the sales motion through to implementation. The more cross-product/cross-technology experience, the better. Leadership in this context means maintaining the key technical relationships for 1 or 2 large customers and/or an industry vertical. Comfort working with an account's senior management is a must. Given the technical nature of the accounts, the ability to flex between business and technical discussion, even in the executive conversation, is expected. Leadership also faces internally toward Cisco. The CSA has a strong ability in developing business cases around technology and can lead the discussion and action plan in concert with Cisco business unit leadership. Ultimately, the deliverable is a multi-year technical vision agreed upon by the customer and Cisco. Our minimum requirements for this role are: BS/BA (EE/CS preferred) or equivalent. Greater than 8 years' experience in markets where Cisco competes. CCIE certification highly desirable and/or preferred. In-depth knowledge of competitor products, positioning and operations preferred. Must be able to learn quickly and stay current, the ideal candidate's interpersonal, presentation and troubleshooting skills evoke passion and confidence. Cisco product experience or relevant experience in key competitor offerings in technology area of emphasis required Enterprise product experience preferred. Working knowledge of public cloud offerings highly desirable. Knowledgeable with respect to architectural trends and industry directions. Why Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren't afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers. We Are Cisco.