As a Product Owner (Machine Learning) on the Product Engineering team at EagleView Technologies, you will be responsible for driving and defining the long-term vision, development priorities and technical requirements in a key, deeply vertical functional area of our platform. You will help leverage our imagery, property data, tools and advanced machine learning networks to deliver awesome products to our customers. Primary Responsibilities Leads requirements gathering effort — partnering with customer-facing product owners, operations team, vendor management and other stakeholders. Defines clear requirements for cutting edge machine learning systems, including training, productization and auditing. Ensures prioritization and scope maximize our software development investment, with an eye to customer-facing product priorities as well as future platform investment. Understands building for scale, and the vision that re-usable services in our platform architecture will enable us to derive new products with a much shorter time to market. Leads backlog grooming to decompose stories and enable estimation. Translates product roadmap into detailed requirements. Conveys the Vision and Goals at the beginning of every Release and Sprint. Authors user stories that are granular enough to be achieved in a single sprint. Clearly defines acceptance criteria. Answers questions from software engineering team, data scientists and clarifies requirements. Inspects the product progress at the end of every Sprint and has complete authority to accept or reject work done. Partners with our Agile Project Managers on trade-offs between schedule and requirements. Works closely with engineering, QA and operations teams to deliver with quick time-to-market and optimal resources, with a bias towards touchless solutions. Aligns with key initiatives and cross-functional goals. Ensures requirements include performance, scalability and automation targets. _Leadership_ Communicates with confidence and demonstrate strategic and technical mastery of their platform area when interacting with executives, peers, customers, and partners. Takes action to drive issues to resolution. Inspires teams to over-achieve in a fast-paced, distributed environment. Collaborates across the company to ensure alignment of priorities. Actively engages key stakeholders to drive business requirements. Completes projects and tasks on time, on target, and on budget. Reports regularly on performance against business metrics and objectives. _Personal Qualities_ Curious – desires to learn every day. Critical Thinker – looks beyond the obvious. Communicator – shares thoughts, candidly and respectfully. Entrepreneurial, can-do approach coupled with a strong desire to make a difference. Ready to challenge the status-quo, and drive innovative ideas. Quantitative and analytical skills with a keen understanding of how numbers will affect outcomes over both the short and long term. Honest, candid and trustworthy. A team player. Executes fast and gets things done on time. Agile and adaptable. Thrives on change. Quick study, self-learner. Gains proficiency in new industries, markets and technologies quickly. Bachelor’s (BA or BS) or Masters in business, computer science, GIS or related field; or equivalent experience. Ten years’ previous experience as a product manager, program manager, business analyst, or in a related field. Two years’ experience as a product manager or product owner working with machine learning systems and requirements, and productizing machine learning solutions. In-depth understanding of Agile methodologies, product life-cycle, and up-to-date on industry standards and best practices. Proficient computer skills, Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Excel) and standard product requirement planning tools (JIRA, Aha!, Confluence or similar); Working knowledge of software development, software as a service. Familiarity with REST/Json/XML interfaces, methods and schemas. Comfortable working with multiple, cross functional teams, in-house and remote, domestically and international. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Accurate and precise attention to detail. Able to build strong interpersonal relationships with engineering team, leadership, senior management, and internal and external stakeholders. Ability to travel up to 25%. EagleView® offers competitive pay and robust benefit plans along with the opportunity to grow your career in a fast-paced, fun and casual environment. EagleView and its subsidiaries are committed to leveraging the talent of a diverse workforce to create great opportunities for our business and our people. EOE/AA. Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran.