Requisition ID: 191345 Work Area: Information Technology Expected Travel: 0 - 10% Career Status: Student Employment Type: Intern COMPANY DESCRIPTION SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures. SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives. Contract Duration: 6 months Contract Hours: Full-Time Anticipated Start Date: September 2018 Office Location: Newtown Square, PA Purpose & Objective of Position The SAP Global Strategic Service Partner (GSSP) organization works with SAP’s largest global system integration partners. This position will work with the team that manages these partnerships and will provide business analysis support. Expectations & Tasks The student will support and independently work on different projects related to our GTM activities. We expect professional working habits in cooperation with our global team and cross functional team members. Explicit tasks will include project work on topics, provide business analysis of data from various systems, and prepare reports and presentations for senior management attention. Your application documents should include a cover letter, a resume, copies of any academic degrees already earned, and, if available, references from former employers (including internships). Describe your experience and skills in addition to outlining your business goals and objectives. Skills / Competencies Preferred field(s) of study: Business Administration or Communication. Work experience in sales, services, or partner organization would be a plus (optional) Computer skills: MS Office, especially Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint Language skills: Excellent English mandatory Soft skills: Communication Skills Independent work style Core competence in analysis Any knowledge/experience of SAP tools/systems a plus Educational Requirements Business Administration background or major/minor Qualifications Requires candidates to currently be enrolled or have an undergraduate, Masters, MBA or PhD degree program which is applicable to the position. WHAT YOU GET FROM US Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now. SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. Additional Locations: