Penske Logistics is looking for an Inventory Clerk to become part of an excellent team servicing the largest grocery store chain in the nation. This is a great opportunity for individuals who are safety conscious and have a pleasant and outgoing attitude who want to excel in a warehouse environment. Our associates enjoy PTO, Medical, Dental, Vision and Life Insurance, 401K with company match and numerous Associate Discounts! Employees under the direction of the inventory control manager will assist in keeping an accurate inventory ensuring the system inventory in the WMS matches the physical inventory stored at the facility. Night Shift Position/ Weekends Required Responsibilities: Ensuring system count matches physical inventory Resolve discrepancies at location and pallet level Look for missing product in storage locations Update WMS to match physical through various methods Analyze reports to identify rotation issues Ensure rotation physically moved as required Accurately receive inventory Work with checkers to ensure accurate receipt of inventory Audit inbound receipts, both physically and through receipt documentations Accurately input required data elements into WMS and various other applications Manage unsalable inventory to resolution Accurately document information on product recalls, including physically segregating as required. Work with procurement on product expiration and product holds to final resolution Accurately record dump / donate and other product dispositions Manage inventory adjustments as required Ensure that appropriate adjustment methods are utilized in inventory manipulation Ensure appropriate signage accurately located in distribution center Organize warehouse to efficiently store and pick product Maintain accurate storage logic as developed with industrial engineer Slot new items daily maintaining optimal locations and pick patterns Work with inventory management to document and train inventory procedures to warehouse operations Maintain appropriate inventory levels between offsite storage and DC to maintain service level. Analyze inbound purchase orders and determine best candidates for outside storage to minimize outside storage cost Maintain accurate reporting on outside storage process Perform all other tasks as assigned by management Qualifications Qualifications: Ability to follow work procedures and safety rules Read, write, understand and speak English Demonstrated analytical, organizational and communication skills. Solid understanding of distribution environments. Ability to handle multiple tasks independently with precise detail and follow-up reporting. Must have knowledge of computers and ability to learn WMS and various internal applications Physical Requirements: The physical and mental demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The associate will be required to: read; communicate verbally and/or in written form; remember and analyze certain information; and remember and understand certain instructions or guidelines. -While performing the duties of this job, the associate will be required to move frequently, stand, walk, and sit. The associate is frequently required to use hands to touch, handle, and feel, and to reach with hands and arms. The associate must be able to regularly lift and/or move up to 50lbs/23kg and occasionally lift and/or move up to 100lbs/45kg. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus. Penske is an Equal Opportunity Employer. About Penske Truck Leasing Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P., headquartered in Reading, Pennsylvania, is a partnership of Penske Corporation, Penske Automotive Group, and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. A leading global transportation services provider, Penske operates more than 260,000 vehicles, employs more than 29,000 people, and serves customers from more than 1,000 locations in North America, South America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. Product lines include full-service truck leasing, contract maintenance, commercial and consumer truck rentals, used truck sales, transportation and warehousing management and supply chain management solutions. Visit http://www.GoPenske.com to learn more. Work Locations: 15520 Wayne Rd Romulus, MI 48174 Primary Location: United States-Michigan-Romulus Job: Warehouse Penske (Oracle) Job Name: PL.Clerk