Strive logistics is a cutting-edge third-party logistics company that combines technology, innovation and industry expertise with amazing customer service. We are currently seeking a to add a Senior Systems Admin to our dynamic IT team in Austin. Are you a hands-on individual that is, resourceful, customer service oriented, charismatic and excited about making a difference? If so, this is the role for you! Strive Logistics offers a unique and exciting culture that embraces positive energy and promotes a collaborative environment. We focus on hiring strong team players that are passionate about positively impacting lives while being able to thrive in a fast-paced environment. The Senior Systems Administrator role is responsible for the administration and maintenance of the electronic business infrastructure. Some responsibilities include but are not limited to; server administration and maintenance, infrastructure maintenance, phone system management, staff mentoring and project management. Job Duties: Responsible for administration and uptime of all Windows server farms, infrastructure appliances and LAN/WAN connectivity to ensure 24x7 business continuity. Assists in the design and maintenance of the corporate technology infrastructure. Maintains and enforces customer service standards to ensure quality of service delivery. Effectively manages projects while adapting to rapidly changing technology and applying it to business needs along with presenting tools and methods to improve workflow. Implementing and utilizing systems management tools for monitoring, root-cause analysis and remediation while instituting appropriate security strategies for safeguarding resources. Acts as first point of escalation for support staff on complex support issues. Provides remote and in-person support to all employees/locations when necessary. Participates in off hour, weekend and holiday support coverage. Other duties as assigned. Requirements: Bachelor’s degree and/or 5+ years of equivalent work experience, including 5+ years in a server administration role. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Must have reliable transportation (Occasional travel to data center required). Desired Skills: LAN/WAN, Windows Server, HYPER-V, Exchange Server, SCOM, SCCM, SQL Server Management, Windows 7/8/10, GPO Management, Firewall, SAN&NAS;, Telephony Management, Archiving and SPAM appliance Management, Remote Support. Expert level proficiency with Active Directory design, implementation and administration including Group Policy, DNS, DHCP and security. Extensive hands on experience with the design, implementation, configuration and administration of Microsoft Exchange 2013. Demonstrated ability to design, configure, deploy and maintain enterprise class servers. Ability to manage, configure and deploy network switches and routers. Experience with Dell, HP, Compellent, Azure, SharePoint, Barracuda, TeamViewer or Spiceworks is a plus. Position Information / Company Perks: Paid training and mentoring program Competitive salary Health, dental, and vision coverage 401K Social, wellness, and volunteer committees Intramural sports Fun office environment/casual dress Position will be in Austin, TX Share Job Hide details