About Us Endeavor Air, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Delta Air Lines, strives to operate the safest, most reliable jet air service in the regional airline industry. With its more than 4,400 employees working as one, Endeavor takes pride in delivering over 800 flights a day to more than 130 destinations across North America. Endeavor operates the world’s largest fleet of Bombardier CRJ-900 NextGen aircraft, as well as the CRJ-700 and CRJ-200 regional jets. With a growing fleet, five crew and 10 maintenance bases, and the goal of hiring hundreds of new employees to support its expanding network, Endeavor offers limitless potential for aviation professionals looking to start or continue their careers. Overview The Talent Acquisition Representative - Outreach will be primarily responsible for planning, marketing and execution of external recruitment events including university, technical school, academy and military to assist the team in meeting the long and short term hiring goals. This position is responsible for pilot outreach and sourcing as well as interviewing and selection in accordance with employment law regulations following recruiting principles. Focusing on the Student To Endeavor Pilot (STEP) program as well as industry events and other sources to recruit pilots such as colleges, academies and military events. Conduct full life cycle of employment process for pilots. May also take on special assignments related to the employment process in other areas as assigned. Responsibilities Work with the Talent Acquisition Manager to assist in the development the overall outreach strategy for Endeavor Air. Attend college recruiting and outreach events to represent the Company. Conduct interviews and make selection decisions to hire the most qualified candidates in accordance with company policy and employment law procedures. Assist with the development of the marketing strategy for external recruitment events and programs. Provide analysis and reporting on the effectiveness of outreach activities, college brand ambassador program and other feedback for continuous program development and improvement. In coordination with Corporate Communications, creatively source and identify marketing, job posting placement advertising to recruit and drive pilot applicant pool. May assist with the creation of marketing materials, company handouts, and program outlines. Builds relationships and partnerships at colleges, academies, and other aviation industry entities to network and support our recruitment programs. Assists with overseeing the pilot recruiters at field events. Assists with the leadership of the brand ambassador program; including selection and training of brand ambassadors. Able to knowledgeable and comfortable explain corporate benefit packages while recruiting the field and in the office. Communicate and coordinate projected recruiting event schedules with the team. Work closely with the coordinator to ensure Pilots are appropriately staffed and paid for their work at events. Assists with the training of Pilot Recruiters. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources, Aviation and/or other relevant industry 3+ years of professional recruitment and selection experience in aviation or technical industry is preferred Working knowledge of commercial pilot role, maintenance, and/or other airline positions is preferred Project Management and program development skills is preferred Ability manage a busy schedule and meet given time parameters and deadlines Excellent interpersonal and written communications skills Comfortable working with and communicating professionally to all levels within an organization Ability to develop creative and sound written communications for the recruitment team Computer / software proficient working with: MS Office Suite and other web based systems Ability to work additional hours and travel up to 60-80% of the time, which may include: evenings and weekends Must have the ability to stand, walk, sit and work on computer for long periods of time Must be able to lift, bend, push and pull up to 40 pounds