The Trauma Healing team works with a vast network of global partners to help the Church address the effects of trauma and loss through an integration of biblical and mental health principles. Our ministry model is built on a Training of Trainers framework with the objective of creating a critical mass of Master Facilitators in each region of the world who have the knowledge, skills, and experience to qualify, train, and certify people from churches, organizations, and local communities to provide Bible-based Trauma interventions. The Training Manager will be responsible for implementing the training strategy that will help the Trauma Healing team respond to the specific and unique Trauma Healing needs in key regions of the world. The person in this role will conduct trainings while also building, leading and mentoring a team of trainers for classic, children’s, story-based and audio Trauma Healing. He or she will also be responsible for the effective and efficient coordination and deployment of a global network of volunteer, and partner facilitators to conduct trainings. This person will also work with Program Model and Materials team to support strategy for ongoing enrichment of Master Facilitators through distance learning, local Communities of Practice, and other continuing education techniques. KEY FUNCTIONS: Plan, coordinate, and lead initial and advanced equipping sessions. Nurture and mentor Master Faciliators and Master Facilitators in Training to help them improve their skills and deepen their involvement in Trauma Healing, including their ability to mentor others in ways that maintain high standards and passion. Produce and direct audio and/or video trauma healing recording to ensure quality implementation. Collaborate with Trauma Healing regional and functional team members to advance reach and impact in each priority region. Work with Trauma Healing partners such as national Bible Societies, Trauma Healing Alliance partners, and other implementing ministries, across regions to foster an environment of continuous quality improvement, quickly identifying mistakes and errors, highlighting learning opportunities, leveraging existing resources, and updating regional plans to accomplish maximum impact. Communicate regularly with Trauma Healing team and other American Bible Society stakeholders to provide updates on training and mentorship, communicate scope and impact changes, and answer questions as they arise. Ensure that each state of the American Bible Society training events (planning, implementation, reporting, and follow-up) are executed with excellence and are effectively contributing towards the global implementation of the Trauma Healing program model. ESSENTIAL TRAITS/SKILLS Passion for the Bible cause and its ability to impact lives. Fervent belief in the mission of the American Bible Society and its core values. Understanding of the global context of trauma and domestic/international ministry. Ability to build and maintain relationships in cross-cultural settings, ensuring that communications are tightly aligned with the Trauma Healing team. Strong team player who embodies the values of American Bible Society. Ability to process outcome data and compile clear and concise written reports that summarize project detail and scope, and demonstrate impact. Ability to represent Trauma Healing successfully in high-level meetings – creating and delivering reports and presentations. Effective organizational, implementation, and time-management skills. Self-directed, with the ability to identify gaps, barriers, and issues, and develop solutions. Passion for results and willingness to hold partners accountable for impact goals and projections, with a strong desire to explore new ways of accomplishing key objectives. Ability to successfully manage a large portfolio of partner-centered relationships while maintaining agility and responsiveness. Ability to think critically about partner needs and requests in order to help Trauma Healing and American Bible Society avoid mission drift. Ability to manage personal well-being in the face of frequent and direct encounters with global trauma. Ability to lead groups in accordance with the participatory model. Ability to think theologically about suffering, renewal and community. Ability to think strategically about establishing a training and enrichment plan in key regions around the world. EXPERIENCE Proven track record in training and education with experience in participatory learning methodology Experience working cross-culturally with partners to provide training and program development Experience providing mentorship and coaching in international setting EDUCATION AND TRAINING Undergraduate degree required – advanced degree desired 5+ years of related experiences with demonstrated accountability and accomplishments TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS Domestic and International travel required _SPECIAL REQUIREMENT_ : Background checks are required after a conditional job offer is made. Consideration of the background check will be tailored to the requirements of the job.