Job Summary The Healthcare Quality Program Manager will focuses on process improvement, organizational change management, project management and other processes relative to the business for the Quality department. Project management includes estimating, scheduling, costing, planning and issue/risk management. Our ideal candidate will possess the following skillsets: Extensive experience with Medicare programs and STARS Rating Knowledge of HEDIS measures to include data analysis Prior Provider/Member Engagement experience Strong desire to engage with cross-functional teams What you will be doing: Proven depth of understanding and demonstrable results for effective management of intermediate to large-scale projects, using prescribed approach(as). Solid knowledge of methods and techniques involved in project management initiatives. Able to develop detailed project plans, communication plans, schedules, role definition, risk management and assumptions. Complete mastery of standard applications and project specific software. Able to learn new software with little to no instruction within a short timeframe and instruct others on its functionality. Identifies problems and anticipates potential problems. Ability to present alternatives to manage/overcome obstacles. May consultant with higher level project management staff and may refer to established procedures and/or prior experience to determine appropriate and timely action. Projects may have moderate cross functional impact and team organization. Job Qualifications Required Education Bachelor's degree and at least 1 PM course required. Required Experience 2-4 years of relevant work experience in business, healthcare quality or a related field in lieu of degree acceptable. Preferred Education Additional formal training in PM preferred. Preferred License, Certification, Association PMP or Six Sigma Green Belt Certification desired. To all current Molina employees: If you are interested in applying for this position, please apply through the intranet job listing. Molina Healthcare offers a competitive benefits and compensation package. Molina Healthcare is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) M/F/D/V.