We are searching for a Senior Business Intel Analyst — someone who works well in a fast-paced setting. In this position, you'll bring together understanding of information systems, analytics and healthcare operations to identify and advocate for opportunities for improvement when they arise. You will serve as a senior subject matter expert in data and its transformation into analytics and business intelligence, working on assignments of moderate to high complexity and scope. Coupled with understanding of client operations and needs, you will participates in cross-functional meetings, projects and teams to advance initiatives. Think you’ve got what it takes? Responsibilities H.S. Diploma or GED Bachelor's Degree in computer science, business administration, healthcare administration or other related field is preferred Master's Degree in computer science, business administration, healthcare administration or other related field is preferred 7 years of business intelligence/analytics/decision support, including 3 years of project management experience Experience analyzing and implementing solutions in a health care environment Experience working with IS resources and leading teams Qualifications S. Diploma or GED Bachelor's Degree in computer science, business administration, healthcare administration or other related field is preferred Master's Degree in computer science, business administration, healthcare administration or other related field is preferred 7 years of business intelligence/analytics/decision support, including 3 years of project management experience Experience analyzing and implementing solutions in a health care environment Experience working with IS resources and leading teams Company Profile Texas Children’s Health Plan (TCHP) is the largest Texas Medicaid managed care organization, and is part of the Texas Children’s healthcare system. Founded in 1996, TCHP is the nation's first health maintenance organization (HMO) created just for children and pregnant women. Our plan is also the largest combined STAR/CHIP Managed Care Organization in the Harris County service area. Currently the Health Plan serves more than 450,000 members across three service areas (Harris, Jefferson, North East). Members of the plan receive care from our network of more than 4,000 primary care physicians, 8,000 specialists, and 110 hospitals. They can also receive care at The Center for Children and Women, a patient and family-centered medical home with two convenient locations for TCHP members who can have all their medical needs met in one place, receiving multiple services the same day. TCHP is a recognized leader at encouraging holistic care that empowers families to live healthier lives. To join our community of 13,000 dedicated team members, visit www.texaschildrenspeople.org for career opportunities. You can also learn more about our amazing culture at www.infinitepassion.org