Résumé du poste Samsung Austin Semiconductor (SAS) is one of the most advanced semiconductor manufacturing facilities in the United States. Owned by Samsung Electronics Corporation Ltd., SAS is the only semiconductor manufacturing plant located outside of Korea. SAS manufactures logic components for digital services, personal computers, mobile phones, workstations and servers. Since 1997, SAS has been at the forefront of manufacturing technology, enabling the world's digital devices to operate at the highest performance. The Metals Operations team is focused on being a strong technical contributor within the SAS facilities in Austin, TX. As part of the Metals Operations team, you will provide support in the development and implementation of advanced Physical Vapor Deposition equipment for Back End of Line Copper integration in a state of the art 300mm production facility. SAS is focused on being the World’s Best Foundry product supplier. Rôle et Responsabilités Experienced Physical Vapor Deposition (PVD) equipment engineer who can act as an individual and team contributor within the SAS 300mm facilities in Austin, Texas. Identify gaps in expected Key Performance Indicator (KPI) performance for multiple PVD and Chemical Vapor Deposition (CVD) metallization equipment develop projects with schedules to close gaps. Produce results that are documented in professional, high quality reports demonstrating current state and desired state of equipment and results of the optimized condition. Conclusions are based on statistical analysis and reported with appropriate graphical representations. Respond to critical fab events that require containment speed and quick resolution to ensure minimal impact to product. Generate reports (such as 8D) illustrating root cause of incidents, corrective actions and future preventative measures. Take ownership of challenging and complex problems that require fundamental PVD/CVD equipment knowledge. Participate in task force teams that address fab-wide KPI for yield improvement, defect reduction, Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE) improvement, and scrap reduction. Formulate ideas/experiments that can provide conclusions that will reveal a path forward for continuous improvement. Proficient in the use of Lean and statistical analysis practices. Provide the expert knowledge and judgment for change point management decisions. Train and mentor junior engineers and equipment technicians to spread knowledge and improve work efficiency and overall knowledge within group. Complete routine daily monitoring of processes/equipment performance and take action on trends that demonstrate abnormal behavior. Set the example for maintaining the Metals Team's high quality standards. Create and update Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) to standardize work flows and improve working methods. Support technology node transfers and process spread across tools. Support cost reduction activities. The desired candidate will show a high degree of dedication to meeting deadlines while producing quality results. Must be able to adapt to changing business needs and demonstrate flexibility to change priorities as needed. Interface with Process Engineers, Equipment Technicians, and Manufacturing on a daily basis to set priority and update project status and/or impact. Effective communication especially as priorities and circumstances change. Recognizes communication and task planning/passdowns are critical to maintaining a highly productive and team oriented environment. Respectfully challenge status quo, assumptions, conclusions or quality standards to ensure correct decisions are being made. Shift: 1st-Monday through Friday 8am-5pm. Compétences et Qualifications B.S. in a related field. Lean or Six Sigma certified is a strong plus. Vendor training certifications on AMAT, Novellus, Lam, or Cannon Anelva strong plus. The individual selected for this position will have a proven track record of success with respect to advanced thin film metallization deposition equipment for Front End of Line (FEOL)/Back End of Line (BEOL) in a state of the art 300mm production facility. Advanced knowledge of 300mm Applied Materials (AMAT) depositions systems is a must. Experience with SECS/GEM Equipment Monitoring Software (FabGuard, E3, FDC, etc). Thorough understanding of equipment signals and equipment monitoring strategies. Highly effective written and verbal presentation and communication skills. Team leadership internal and external to Metals department. Training and mentoring. Please visit Samsung membership to see Privacy Policy, which defaults according to your location. You can change Country/Language at the bottom of the page. General : http://account.samsung.com/membership/pp European Economic Area resident : https://careers.eu.samsung.com/PrivacyNoticeforEU.html