This position is responsible for all aspects of NetSuite system administration. This includes implementation, upgrades and updates, configuration, coordination, control, maintenance, troubleshooting, security, usage monitoring and the development of specialized NetSuite system procedures within TEAGUE. Why We Need This Position While creativity is the star of the show at TEAGUE, the whole operation would stall pretty quickly without some sensationally organized and technically nimble minds in the back office. This is where you come in. We need someone who can manage the system that enables our teams to effectively use, organize and analyze the reams of data that enable TEAGUE to function effectively as a business. Who We’re Looking For You love organizing complex and unwieldy batches of information into elegant and accessible systems. You have an eagle eye for detail, as well as a gift for seeing the big picture. You speak the language of NetSuite fluently and are able to manipulate it to suit a wide variety of needs and purposes. If this sounds like you, read on. The person in this position will collaborate in the planning, design, development, deployment, and enhancements to TEAGUE’s ERP system. On any given day, you might find yourself gathering system requirements from end users, understanding current issues, and identifying and executing future improvements; maintaining detailed program specifications; identifying and implementing key metrics to measure process performance and opportunity; managing interfaces; troubleshooting; and/or training others. In addition to the nuts and bolts work of keeping the ERP system running, you’ll also participate in the development of the ERP’s long-term strategic goals; create and maintain documentation related to system configuration, mapping and processes; and oversee data analytics, BI reporting and dashboards. In addition to knowing your way around a database, you have strong interpersonal skills and are comfortable fielding questions from people at all levels within the organization. If you enjoy the prospect of deploying your technical skills in a fast-paced, dynamic environment known for innovation and creativity, we may just have your dream job waiting for you. What We Just Said, Now in 6 Bullet Points (a.k.a., Essential Qualifications): Experience: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field required; 3+ years of functional/technical experience with NetSuite or other mid-market accounting/ERP applications; ideally a NetSuite Certified ERP Consultant, NetSuite Certified Administrator or similar Cloud ERP certification; prior experience with modern business application tools like Salesforce, ServiceNow, Tableau, Dell Boomi, Mulesoft or Celigo Special skills: Advanced computer skills including Microsoft office; Word, PowerPoint, Outlook and Skype for Business; advanced user of personal productivity tools and mobile device technology; ability to work autonomously and collaboratively; effective organizational skills, time management, and detail orientation with the ability to support several projects concurrently, while maintaining excellent follow-through; excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Physical requirements: Frequent interaction with clients and co-workers requires regular attendance in the work place; normal corrective vision; frequently required to sit, stand, walk, talk, hear, bend, and or/reach; occasionally required to lift and/or move up to 10 pounds or reach or grab objects; must be able to work flexible and/or extended hours; and travel to other TEAGUE facilities in the Seattle area. Passion: Creating efficient systems through elegant and intelligent database management Role: Maintaining TEAGUE’s ERP system so that it works smoothly, seamlessly and efficiently for a wide range of end users Personality: Detail-oriented, autonomous, flexible, collaborative, solution-oriented, diplomatic, open-minded DOE - Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package offered. At TEAGUE, we value diversity. We search the globe, literally, to find and attract top talent from diverse backgrounds.