Location: Fresno, Texas - United States Description: The operations leader has responsibility for all areas of production at Fresno, TX manufacturing facility. This key person is responsible for driving significant and sustainable performance, implement organizational strategies, standards and practices to achieve best-in-class performance in the following areas: Safety, Talent, Manufacturing excellence, Quality, Delivery, Environmental, Cost and Productivity within the plant. He/she will succeed by effectively engaging direct reports, operators and peers. He/she leads the creation and the execution of the operations strategy for the plant and is a member of the plant NLT team. The position reports directly to the plant leader and is an integral partner in executing the operations strategy for the plant. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: Living the safety stand and adhering to safety responsibilities Ensures a safe, clean and environmentally compliant work place and builds a culture where safety is a priority Ensures that all control plans, work instructions, and other procedures related to the technical operation of the production lines are in place. Allocates resource requirements and investments required to achieve zero injuries, including systems, focused programs and leadership. Participates in work area self-inspections and accident investigations as well as recommends corrective actions to make the workplace safer. Leads and supports safety initiatives and processes to drive towards zero recordable injuries. Ensures a clear and effective measurement system is followed and used to drive results; rewards and celebrates safe behavior and achievements; ensures accountability. Metrics Recordable Incident Rate (RIR) Near-miss/first-aid reporting Safe/C6 Housekeeping Risk recognition programs Achieve customer satisfaction and quality commitments. Understand and communicate customer expectations throughout the Operations Department, and ensure all products meet customer standards and requirements. Create an environment where all employees are engaged, empowered and focused on serving our customers. Develop relationships with customers and understand what it takes to ensure OC produces products that they define as high quality, and assists in developing solutions for serving our customers. Interacts with customers and application engineers to better understand customer service expectations-translate those to the plant floor so we can meet or exceed Produce consistent quality products on time and at the lowest possible cost; operate with a zero-defect mindset. Managing Operations Determines department objectives and priorities in support of the Plant’s strategy and vision and develops teams to deliver results and ensure strong execution. Identify and drives continuous improvement efforts through standardized work to cut cost and improve productivity and quality. Set clear and measurable performance expectations, in line with plant goals; proactively analyzes and manages all relative operations performance metrics. Assign and coordinate the work in a manufacturing department to include supervising first line leaders, production leaders Lives the values and vision of the company and establishes an engaged production workforce characterized by mutual trust, open communications, teamwork, and recognition Ensures operational procedures exist and are followed to deliver product specifications and quality metrics are met to fulfill customers’ needs Ensures timely and accurate production to schedules to meet or exceed delivery to promise Prepares budgets relative to capital expenditures, man power, production, and facility improvements necessary to meet customer demands. Partners with relevant stakeholders to identify and address process improvement opportunities to eliminate waste, enhance safety, reduce cost, increase capacity and productivity and improve the end product. Operate with zero environmental non-conformities to applicable company, government and regulatory policies Partners with the Maintenance Leader to develop and implement Total Productive Maintenance plans and ensure employee engagement and ownership. Set expectations and support the quality and product measurement systems to provide a consistent quality product Uses various tools (Lean/Kaizen, etc.) to drive improved productivity and plant performance and build a lean culture Metrics Performance against operating plan Line performance Scorecards Cost per unit Environmental compliance / non-conformities Defects – goal of zero defects or failures to customer requirements Leading and Developing Talent Partners with shift resources and other relevant stakeholders to ensure production personnel is well trained and maintains current on any required certifications to perform the full scope of their job expectations Create an environment where talent is developed, and their full potential is realized. Plans, promotes and organizes training activities to constantly elevate the capabilities of our employees. Invest in the growth and development of direct reports Establishes clear and measurable performance expectations and holds direct reports accountable for delivering the goals Regularly evaluates the strengths and development opportunities of production personnel as well as invests in the growth and development of direct reports and others to achieve sustained success Effectively staffs the department by leveraging the appropriate mix of internal and external talent to satisfy both near-term performance and long-term succession needs. Maintain documentation, track, counsel and execute coaching and corrective action when performance issues occur. Metrics Performance of direct reports Talent developed and promoted Succession plans in place for key roles Unplanned turnover Talent additions through external recruiting Develop a positive employee relations environment Ensures a positive, creative, diverse and collaborative work environment where employees own the success of the business. Establish an engaged workforce characterized by mutual trust, open communications, teamwork, and recognition. Monitors labor activities and leverages labor relations resources as appropriate to ensure compliance with all collective bargaining agreements, company policies and/or governmental regulations. Builds a department worthy of being used as marketing and communications platform, both internal and external Metrics Employee engagement and core assessment results improvement Employee feedback surveys and assessments Turnover Grievance claims Safety related metrics Huddles and communication process Leads across the plant/division Drives alignment between plant departments Shares best practices across plants, challenges thinking and provides candid and respectful feedback; sets an example for the organization of how teamwork and partnerships should work Be a great leader across the plant, driving engagement and supporting cross-functional projects and teams Be a leader amongst peers across sister plants Assists the plant leader with other duties as required Metrics Feedback from leadership, peers and direct reports Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Develop People, Inspire and energize others, collaborate and foster teamwork Competitively drive results Excellent communication skills to effectively communicate across all levels of the organization Customer oriented Act on analysis Attention to detail Think strategically Engage self and others in learning Follow through on commitments and promises Generate Ideas Continuous improvement mindset Ability to prioritize and coordinate multiple tasks and projects Logic, troubleshooting, and root cause analysis skills Build strong team alignment and communication Coach and guide for results. Leads through safety and corporate vision Computer literacy—MRP systems (SAP) and Microsoft Office Suite Possesses strong change management skills Pass pre-employment drug screen and physical abilities test MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Completed High School Diploma or GED required Completed Bachelor’s degree in in Business, Engineering 3-5 years of experience in an industrial/manufacturing setting directly supervising others. Must be at least 18 years of age EXPERIENCE: 3-5 years’ work experience in manufacturing, industrial, or related environment required. Six Sigma Green Belt and continuous improvement experience preferred. About Owens Corning Owens Corning (NYSE: OC) develops, manufactures and markets insulation, roofing, and fiberglass composites. Global in scope and human in scale, the company’s market-leading businesses use their deep expertise in materials, manufacturing and building science to develop products and systems that save energy and improve comfort in commercial and residential buildings. Through its glass reinforcements business, the company makes thousands of products lighter, stronger and more durable. Ultimately, Owens Corning people and products make the world a better place. Based in Toledo, Ohio, Owens Corning posted 2017 sales of $6.4 billion and employs 19,000 people in 37 countries. It has been a Fortune 500® company for 64 consecutive years. For more information, please visit www.owenscorning.com. A career at Owens Corning offers the ability to enhance your expertise and achieve your personal and professional aspirations. Through it all, we’ll empower you with an environment that encourages open communication and big ideas, competitive pay for your performance, comprehensive benefits, and more opportunities to make your impact. Must be eligible to work in the U.S. on a permanent basis. Owens Corning is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability.