The Data & Reporting Engineer will expand the company’s use of data as a strategic enabler of corporate goals and objectives. He or She will be responsible for strategically designing, developing, and implementing data models for enterprise-level applications and systems. This role is responsible for understanding and documenting data sources, usage and lineage for enterprise information. The Data & Reporting Engineer must drive the completion of projects within the established scope, while simultaneously planning for and managing unknown future BI requirements in a dynamic environment. The successful candidate must have a strong curiosity for answering questions with data, extreme attention to detail, no fear of incomplete or messy data. He or she will possess a work style that promotes progress through collaborative teamwork in a dynamic environment. The candidate must be enthusiastically committed to delivering world-class BI solutions, the highest levels of customer service, be committed to continual process, product and performance improvements, be able to communicate with confidence, clarity, and honesty, take initiative and assume ownership of a wide variety of systems, processes & deliverables. The candidate will work closely with various functional teams to translate business requirements into optimized reporting systems and design/ develop appropriate dimensional modeling and presentation layers. Duties and Responsibilities: With minimal supervision work on a wide range of projects interfacing with development teams, business analysts, IT management and members of the business units. Translate business and technical requirements into robust, secure and scalable solutions. Provide architectural solutions covering data structures, integration, security, governance, and retention. Establish Data blueprints, frameworks, standards and best practices. Develop strategies and standards for data acquisition, governance, warehousing, archival/recovery, and destruction. Participate in information meta-data strategy definitions. Conduct data model reviews with project team members. Ensure data strategies and architectures are in regulatory and security compliance. Identify requirements, design, create, deploy, monitor and support BI dashboards and cubes to empower discovery and information-sharing for business partners Utilize expertise in data modeling, ETL architecture, and report design for department initiatives, and produce detailed documentation including data flow diagrams, logical diagrams, and physical diagrams as needed. Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Sciences, Information Systems or related fields. 5+ years of intense technical experience in the areas of data architecture, data modeling, data management, data warehouse environment, understanding of warehouse design, data engineering and/or data governance. Excellent communication (both written and verbal), interpersonal skills and experience in presenting to business and a technical team including executive management. Extensive understanding of business intelligence and data warehousing concept. Deep understanding of relational and dimensional database domains as well as extensive knowledge of IT infrastructure, application programming, and web and software applications. Strong background in master data management, metadata management, information lifecycle design, and development. Understands the range of options and best practices for common ETL design techniques such as change data capture, key generation, and optimization. Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills. Highly motivated self-starter, detail and quality oriented and ability to handle multiple competing priorities. Must be a strong team player. Knowledge of Salesforce, Marketo, Adaptive Planning, and NetSuite database structure is a big plus. Knowledge of MPP/Columnar data warehouse solutions Redshift Ability to interpret analytical results into meaningful business terms and translate business needs into programming and data modeling A positive attitude and enthusiasm to get things done goes a long way Creative approach to problem-solving Ability to assist in the creation of functional and prepare technical specifications. Must embrace learning and working with changing technology Must exhibit advanced query and report writing skills. Have advanced skills in analysis and report design for predictive, descriptive, and decision support models. Extensive experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau is highly desirable.