As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for four consecutive years. The UW College of the Environment Marketing and Communications team has an outstanding opportunity for a Web Developer to contribute to the growth of the College website and help build public-facing sites for academic units and departments. We are a small, but mighty group of developers, designers, content specialists and communications experts supporting the innovative teaching and research of the College and its units. We’re passionate about development, design, science communication and supporting the work of our students, faculty and researchers. Our work culture is fun, collaborative and supportive of creative input, but we also have ambitious goals and rely on independent decision- making and accountability from all members of our team. You are a full-stack developer who is both passionate about elegant code and interested in building incredible online experiences that work well for users, content editors and site owners. You thrive in an environment that switches frequently between creative, collaborative discussion and focused, solo development work. You have a knack for problem solving, picking up new skills and explaining your reasoning to a diverse group of colleagues. You like to work hard, have fun and are willing to pitch in to support the team when needed. You can rely on your colleagues to do the same. You will: Develop and configure custom WordPress themes and plugins for College and unit websites Help translate content strategy, graphic and interaction design, user needs and site owner requirements into easily updated, flexible WordPress sites Help provide basic support and training for the sites we build Help your colleagues and our server support team maintain our webserver and development tool-sets (SASS, Gulp, Grunt, Git, Foundation, etc.) Collaborate with other team members to design incredible online experiences for students, faculty and the College community As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For a complete description of our benefits for this position, please visit our website, click here. Requirements: A Bachelor's degree in computer science, digital communications, or a related field (equivalent experience can substitute for the degree requirement) Fluency in front-end development, including HTML, CSS, SASS, JavaScript or JQuery, responsive grid systems and related concepts Experience developing, testing and troubleshooting web applications using PHP and MySQL Experience with custom theming, plugin development and configuration for WordPress or a similar LAMP-based content management system A high level of comfort using SSH and the command line to work in a LAMP environment, and a working knowledge of basic webserver maintenance, permissions, and troubleshooting. Excellent technical problem-solving skills Excellent writing and communication skills Comfort juggling multiple projects with grace and accountability Proficiency with Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator Proficiency with OSX, Windows and Microsoft Office At least 2 years of experience developing websites in a professional environment Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except where there are legal requirements such as license/certification/registration. Desired: Experience working in higher education An interest in environmental science and policy Experience with any of the following: Git, SVN, Grunt, Gulp, Bower, Foundation, or Node Experience working with UW-specific technologies, including NetID authentication using Shibboleth