Job Description: Sr Architect, Business Responsibilities: Seek to understand how people, processes, and technology interact to perform the fundamental activities of the business in both current and future states, and model these interactions to guide technology Portfolio strategy in order to better achieve the strategic goals and objectives of the business. Work cross-functionally to understand the linkage between T-Mobile's business goals, business architectures, and technology portfolio. Apply a structured approach and methodology for capturing the key views of the business unit in the context of the enterprise. Capture the tactical and strategic business goals that provide traceability through the organization and are mapped to metrics that provide ongoing governance. Describe the primary business functions of the assigned business unit in the context of the enterprise and distinguish between customer-facing, supplier-related, business execution and business management functions. Enumerate, analyze, catalog, and suggest improvements to the strategic, core and support processes of the business unit, as needed, to support strategic and operational goals. Understand the data elements shared between this business unit and other units in the enterprise and the relationships between those data elements and processes, people, systems, and other data elements. Responsible for facilitating the management and process for analyzing value; evaluating risk; prioritizing; and onboarding new technology project requests to ensure alignment with organizational strategy. Continuously improve the IT governance and planning capability by integrating optimal ways of planning and organizing. Build trusted and effective relationships working with project managers to ensure they deliver on-time, on-budget, on benefit and on-quality (and intervening to resolve issues as required) Qualifications: 6+ years related work experience Experience understanding business processes using a variety of tools and techniques Extensive experience planning and deploying either business or IT initiatives (preference for both) The ability to articulate the relationship between business strategy and technology strategy The ability to recognize structural issues within the organization, functional interdependencies and cross-silo redundancies. Those issues may exist in role alignment, process gaps and overlaps, and business capability maturity gaps A broad, enterprise-wide view of the business and varying degrees of appreciation for strategy, processes and capabilities, enabling technologies, and governance Experience using these high-level views as required to collect, aggregate or disaggregate complex and conflicting information about the business Team player able to work effectively at all levels of an organization with the ability to influence others to move toward consensus. Strong facilitation and problem solving skills are necessary Excellent communication skills, both written and oral, and the ability to convey results in a summarily and persuasive manner Fluency in the use of all MS Office applications _Desired_ _Education_ _Minimum Required_ Bachelors Degree Additional work experience considered in lieu of degree LI-DB1 Minimum Qualifications: • At least 18 years of age.• Legally authorized to work in the United States.• High School Diploma or GED.• Pre-employment background screen. Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.