The purpose of this position is to protect and serve the property and citizens of the City. This is accomplished by maintaining the operation of the City detention facility. Other duties may include booking and releasing inmates, maintaining prisoner care, distributing property and supplies, providing custodial services, restraining violent inmates, operating detention facility equipment and interfacing with other City employees and citizens. This position does not provide direction to other employees. Essential Functions The information listed below is intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by individuals assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of this position. Books and releases inmates by ascertaining charges from arresting officer, inputting information in computer system, accepting payment for jail fees and completing required paperwork and forms for inmate release from detention facility. Maintains prisoner care in detention facility by making hourly jail checks, physically checking each cell and prisoner for contraband, monitoring inmate status and documenting findings. Distributes property and supplies to inmates by handing out inmate clothing, mattresses and blankets, dispensing medication and serving three meals per day to inmates. Provides custodial services by maintaining sanitary condition of detention facility and cleaning discarded blankets and clothing. Discards bio-hazardous waste. Restrains violent inmates by applying knowledge of Allen Police Department Force Continuum, preventing incident escalation and providing non-physical before physical responses to prisoner situations. Operates detention facility equipment by using office equipment, providing fingerprinting and photographic services for new inmates and serving in other areas regarding the detention facility as required. Must interact with and maintain a good working relationship with other agencies. Job Requirements Formal Education / Knowledge Work requires knowledge necessary to understand basic operational, technical, or office processes. Level of knowledge equivalent to four years of high school or equivalency. Experience No experience required. Certification and Other Requirements Valid Texas Class C Drivers License. Supplemental Information Reading Intermediate - Ability to read papers, periodicals, journals, manuals, dictionaries, thesauruses, and encyclopedias. Ordinarily, such education is obtained in high school up to college. However, it may be obtained from experience and self-study. Math Intermediate - Ability to deal with system of real numbers; practical application of fractions, percentages, ratios/proportions and measurement. Ordinarily, such education is obtained in high school up to college. However, it may be obtained from experience and self-study. Writing Intermediate - Ability to write reports, prepare business letters, expositions, and summaries with proper format, punctuation, spelling, and grammar, using all parts of speech. Ordinarily, such education is obtained in high school up to college. However, it may be obtained from experience and self-study. Managerial Receives general directions. The employee normally performs the job by following established standard operating procedures and/or policies. The employee may choose the appropriate procedure or policy. Performance is reviewed periodically. Organizational Control No responsibility for the direction or supervision of others. Complexity Work requires analysis and judgment in accomplishing diversified duties. Requires the exercise of independent thinking within the limits of policies, standards, and precedents. Interpersonal / Human Relations Skills Discussion Very Frequent: More than 51% of work time.