Overview Triumph Group designs, engineers, manufactures, repairs and overhauls a broad portfolio of aviation and industrial components, accessories, subassemblies, systems and aircraft structures. We partner with original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and operators of commercial, regional, business and military aircraft worldwide, to provide products and services that solve their hardest problems. So whatever the part, component or complexity of assembly, Triumph is committed to quality, service and meeting the specialized needs of each customer. Triumph participates at all levels of the aerospace supply chain – from single components, to complex systems, to aerospace structures and their contents. We provide solutions for the entire product life cycle of an aircraft – from raw material to aftermarket service. Our unique ability to integrate a broad range of products and capabilities is our competitive advantage. The Information Security Analyst provides oversight, policy, procedure development, and related functions in compliance with NIST standards and other government procedures. This position is responsible for implementing, operating, and managing requirements both technical and administrative on enterprise Information systems. Interprets requirements, develops procedures, and monitors practices to ensure company and government requirements are appropriately implemented. Responsibilities Responsibilities will include: Develop and maintain Certification & Accreditation (C&A) packages for information systems. Prepare and analyze test results for development into a Plan of Action & Milestones (POA&M). Provide information security support and technical security guidance in all phases of the system life cycle. Conduct weekly systems audits of both automated and manual audit logs. Perform software patch installation, antivirus updates, and conduct security self-reviews. Ensure configuration management (CM) for security-relevant software, hardware, and firmware is maintained and documented. Perform evaluation and obtain authorization for new software, hardware, and firmware before implementation on the system. Identify security vulnerabilities and providing guidance on mitigating risks Initiate protective or corrective measures when a security incident or vulnerability is discovered. Ensure that system recovery processes are monitored to ensure that security features and procedures are properly restored. Represent information assurance in security, project, and technical exchange meetings Perform system administration tasks to include desktop support, and network administration functions Ensure that all users have the requisite security clearances, authorization, and need-to-know, and are aware of their security responsibilities before being granted access to systems. Must be available for occasional after hours assistance. Qualifications Successful candidates typically have: Bachelor's degree or equivalent (combination of related industrial security experience will be considered) U.S. Citizenship and an active security clearance within the past two (2) years (Required) Possession of Security+ certification required, CISSP preferred (or ability to achieve certification within 6 months of employment). Minimum of six (6) years in system administration/desktop support. Knowledge of NIST standards and practices desired. Experience with RMF, JSIG, NIST SP 800-53 preferred. A working knowledge of COMSEC equipment. Must have the ability to conduct validation testing using automated assessment tools. Excellent communication, organizational and customer service skills. Experience in the use of Windows Operating Systems. Technical knowledge of computer and network hardware and software systems. Specialized knowledge in areas such as security training and awareness, systems security administration, data recovery and network security control, design and implementation, as well as facility and physical security requirements.