The Consumer and Device Sales (CDS) team is seeking focused, driven sellers with strong commercial knowledge to work with HP throughout North America (US and Canada), based either in Houston, TX or Bellevue, WA. The Commercial Channel Executive is chartered with working in deep partnership with HP in North America to land Windows-based devices in the SMB/Enterprise/Public Sector and Education segments. The Commercial Channel Executive will be expert in the device and solution needs of commercial customers across all segments from SMB to Enterprise, and will be the point of contact for HP to assist with pitching the Windows value proposition, identifying the right solution partners for application migration and development support as well as digital transformation. This person will also be the Commercial Compete expert in the HP North America organization. Responsibilities The Commercial Channel Executive will be responsible for articulating persuasively key differentiators and competitive advantages of HP commercial devices. Success will be measured by impact on sales through overall device/unit growth across commercial with targets along with revenue growth across the entire HP commercial devices ecosystem, with a specific focus on Windows 10 Pro activations and deployment in commercial and public sector customers. This requires an ability to quickly grasp both Microsoft and competitive device products and customer needs as primarily determined by business decision makers in enterprise customer organizations. Key initiatives in this role are: Develop deep, trusting relationships with HP at senior levels in a given market to ensure we have the best opportunity to secure the Windows platform in a commercial customer Share and measure Enterprise Device pipeline opportunities from North America with HP with the goal of expanding the pipeline and accelerating deal closure Help HP to position Windows effectively in Compete scenarios by deeply understanding the value prop, potential blockers, and be ready with the right solutions and resources to win Build and lead core v-team to quantify and resolve competitive sales blockers (including Product Marketing, Engineering, Business Architects, Application Development, Consulting Services etc.) Orchestrate complex business processes across internal and external teams, following up to ensure tasks are on track, and escalating if necessary Subject Matter Expert on commercial customer sales, including Windows Client as well as Office, Server (HPE) and Cloud solutions on Windows Platform The Commercial Channel executive will proactively engage with HP to help them to win the most strategic competitive deals. Qualifications 5+ years of professional sales or partner-facing marketing experience Proven success in closing complex deals and technical understanding of devices and commercial and/or Enterprise customer requirements Proven ability to manage partner sales relationships effectively at senior executive levels Strong team player: Work effectively across teams to solve customer and partner issues Strategic thinking and execution: Ability to develop sales and business strategy options, while also being able to successfully execute on complex opportunities. Strong communications and presentation skills, and good understanding of Microsoft business/sales model Deep understanding of OEM business/sales model and experience driving partner led sales engagements Familiarity with IoT device solutions and business models Travel required 50% Education - Bachelor’s Degree and MBA preferred. CDSJobs Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.