Job Details Description Position Title : Database Administrator Reports to : Information Technology Product Owner, Data and Reporting Location: Farmington Hills, MI I. Description : Alliance Inspection Management (AiM) is the nation’s premier vehicle inspection company. AiM provides the automotive industry’s leading companies with inspection and technology solutions. AiM employs over 800 inspectors throughout North America, and has developed award winning technology solutions that continue to revolutionize the automotive industry. AiM is a quickly growing company and we are seeking innovative and motivated employees. II. Responsibilities: Install, configure and support Oracle and Postgres databases for Business Systems environments Rollout and monitor application controls and upgrades Monitor database space and capacity, estimate sizing and growth requirements Database performance tuning, review & tune complex SQL statements Maintain Backup and Recovery procedures Assume ownership of database related problems; pursue short and long-term problem resolution and root cause analysis Collaborate with application and infrastructure teams to solve database level issues including availability and stability of the database environments Work with vendors and application support teams to gather information, determine and implement resolutions Proactively research and identify database level patches and upgrades Provide 24/7 pager and or onsite support Maintain standard operating procedures specifically focused on stable database environments Develop and maintain shell scripts required for database monitoring and performance metrics Mentor PL/SQL development team and data management analysts III. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree , preferably in Computer Science/Technology or Engineering, or equivalent relevant work experience Excellent communication skills 3-5 years of experience in Oracle administration 1-3 years of working experience with Postgres in an AWS environment Working knowledge of SQL and PL/SQL Basic knowledge of Data Guard and Enterprise Manager Proficiency in performance and tuning database environments Good UNIX Shell scripting experience Oracle OCP Certification is a plus Knowledge of SQL Server is a plus IV. Physical Requirements: Attendance/Availability: Regular and consistent attendance and availability V. Compensation Salary is commensurate with experience VI. Classification This position is salaried-exempt and is not eligible for overtime. Full Time employees are eligible to participate in AIM’s benefit plans, including medical, dental and 401k (upon completion of the first 60 days of employment, 90 for 401k, and beginning on the first of the next month). AiM provides equal employment opportunity without regard to an applicant’s race, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, religion, or veteran status. Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodation under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act and certain state or local laws. A reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done which will ensure an equal employment opportunity without imposing undue hardship on AiM. Please inform us if you need assistance completing any forms or to otherwise participate in the application process. To comply with Federal law, Alliance Inspection Management LLC, participates in E-Verify.