ClearDATA is seeking a Salesforce Developer who wants to use their design and development skills to truly make a difference in Healthcare! If you’re passionate about creating a new category of technology that will fundamentally make healthcare better , come join our team. This person will perform a wide array of tasks to support end users in HQ and satellite locations. We are looking for people that want to always be doing more and learning more and are willing to work to make it happen. What You’ll Do: Own the full Salesforce application design and development process that translates business requirements into functional solutions. Work closely with Support and Business leaders to provide technical solutions (including out of box solutions) to complex business needs and explain complex technical concepts in simple language. Provide governance and best practices/standards supporting the full application development lifecycle. You strive for continuous improvement. You deliver detailed design proofs-of-concept, prototypes, in presentation and diagramming tools and in a sandbox environment, as needed. Design solutions with maximum usability while minimizing complex code and customization. Document current and future state processes and develop technical specifications for projects and enhancements. Configure changes and customization in Salesforce: design innovative Salesforce solutions involving: configuration of Salesforce and Managed Packages, creation and refinement of complex data models, external integration, business process automation, and other custom functionality. Track development deliverables in Jira and communicate their status to Project Team. Partnering with other Support Team members on deployment. Estimate engineering effort during various stages of project life cycle. Collaborate with Project Managers to identify project milestones, tasks, and required resources to develop a detailed project plan. Research, recommend, install, and integrate 3rd party applications and Salesforce add-ons. What You’ll Need: Extremely effective at communicating with others in the workplace Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or comparable experience Experience deploying and performing advanced configuration of Salesforce Service Cloud Minimum 3 years of development on Salesforce platform Experience integrating Salesforce with other systems, tools, and APIs Strong understanding of SDLC processes and experience working on Agile projects with distributed teams Experience with full development life-cycle duties, including requirements gathering, design, development, testing, deployment, and iterations. Experience developing within an Agile Environment Ability to display good judgment with a professional detail-oriented work ethic Must deliver an exceptional customer experience every day What Will Make You Stand Out: Salesforce Certified Administrator Salesforce Certified Developer Salesforce Service Cloud development and administration Experience managing projects using JIRA within an Agile environment Experience with Salesforce development within ITIL-aligned support organizations Why You’ll Like Working Here: A dynamic company that rewards high-performers Be on the cutting edge of new technologies and services Collaborative team environment that values multiple perspectives and fresh thinking Servant leadership Management Business-casual dress code Flexible working hours Medical, Dental, Vision, HSA, Life and 401K Stock options Unlimited Vacation! Competitive base, commission and bonus structure ClearDATA is an EEO/AA employer M/F/V/D.