Delaware Valley Accountable Care Organization (DVACO), located in Radnor, PA has a newly created opportunity for Manager, Data Governance and Integration The DVACO is a limited liability joint venture corporation comprised primarily of two major health systems: Jefferson Health and Main Line Health, serving the Greater Philadelphia region and southern New Jersey. DVACO was accepted into the Medicare Shared Savings Program for the 2014 start year, and now includes 2,000 physicians serving over 180,000 lives. DVACO contracts with four commercial payers and serves Medicare beneficiaries, making it the region’s largest Accountable Care Organization. At the core of operations, DVACO is committed to working towards the achievement of the triple aim: better outcomes, better experiences, and smarter spending. Our culture embraces innovation of healthcare delivery models through collaborative work with physician practices, health systems and employee wellness programs. To learn more, please go to www.DVACO.org. Why Work for Main Line Health? We are committed to providing exceptional care with empathy and compassion for people at all stages in life. Our Diversity, Respect and Inclusion Initiative celebrates our differences and our similarities. Ultimately, we want everyone to feel respected for who they are. The Manager, Data Governance and Integration is responsible for a specified team of data and integration analysts. He/she coordinates projects and manages the team functions by providing expertise and support in the development and implementation of clinical and actuarial analytic applications for Delaware Valley ACO. This team is the key in the implementation and maintenance in supporting population health initiatives at DVACO and the member health systems. Interfaces with Actuarial Informatics Staff, Clinical Staff, Practice Managers and Providers within the DVACO and at the MLH and Jefferson PODS. Establishes communication through active participation on organizational committees and meetings. Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Health Care IT, IT, Mathematics or related field required. Master’s degree preferred. Experience: Minimum of 5-6 years of analysis experience related to health care or insurance with 1 year of supervisory experience preferred. In-depth knowledge of managed care and medical products We offer competitive compensation and outstanding comprehensive benefits including tuition reimbursement, 403B matching savings plan and a pension plan. If interested, please apply online at https://www.mainlinehealth.org/careers , Job ID 45321 Applicants must certify that they have not used tobacco products or nicotine in any form in the 90-days prior to submitting an application to Main Line Health. This will be verified during pre-employment testing. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. Please, no agency calls Primary Location : United States-Pennsylvania-Radnor Work Locations : Delaware Valley ACO 259 Radnor-Chester Rd Radnor 19087 Job : Management Organization : H04097-Data Mngmnt and Analysis Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Job Employee Status : Regular Job Posting : Aug 3, 2018, 1:29:18 PM Shift Details : 1