Do you want to learn how to change the world? Join a startup as it goes from an idea to a team of 40 people and $50M in funding. You will be working primarily with the founding and core team and will have great opportunity to learn learn a lot of skills (aka super powers) from our C-level executives (CEO, COO, etc)! At Affect Mental Health, we’re building a non-profit Y combinator(startup incubator) to help entrepreneurs build breakthrough products in mental health. We will produce products that are as impactful as Facebook and Google in mental health. Read more about 3 of many different early stage concepts we've incubated; The 1,000 Journeys Project, where we collect mental health stories to map out where transformative products can have the most impact. Meet Malik and Jessica. Be a member of the founding team that grew from the Harvard and MIT communities with expertise in fields such as healthcare economics, user experience design, molecular neuroscience, and computational biology. Two years ago, our CEO experienced the two most transformative months of his life participating in this program. He started with zero business experience and learned how to figure out what product to build, how to build it, and how to construct business models. At the end of the program, he raised $10M to start his company. By joining us, you will hopefully gain these superpowers! Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram to see what we're up to! Responsibilities Work with UX team to design data collection process of user journeys Conduct exploratory analysis into various datasets (e.g. patient data) to identify trends Work with design and product teams and communicate analysis findings to inform product development Compile market analysis reports for various verticals in mental health care Derive the organizational chart for various mental health care provider and payer networks Analyze mental health startups to see why they fail or succeed Help build a mental health product that will have a huge impact based on our user journey research Requirements, you are Deeply passionate about mental health A great navigator: constantly testing hypothesis and outlining strategy for pivoting when needed Aware of what needs to be learned and ability to learn FAST to GSD (Get Stuff Done) Rigorous thinker: able to figure out the core of complicated problems Can bootstrap projects from scratch- comfortable writing scripts to pull, store and query data. Ability to story tell and visualize data coherently (d3, ggplot2, etc.) Relentless learner: you want to maximize your experience with us and learn as much as you can Nice-to-haves Insatiable curiosity around why products succeed and what delights users Data munging and mining is a thing you’ve done Proficiency in Python or R, as well as Excel. SQL a plus. Have worked with open APIs before for data collection Thrives in cross-functional team settings with awesome communication skills Ability to distill complicated concepts to laypeople Appreciation of puns (: Our ambition is to build sustainable enterprises—unafraid of transforming traditional approaches—that tackle stigma, access, and quality of mental healthcare. Are you in? Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram to see what we're upto!