Location: Houston, TX Type: FTE Start Date: ASAP Client Development Associate RS Energy Group is a data-driven organization specializing in the delivery of advanced analytics, research and data science to the most advanced investors and producers in the world. We work in an innovative, fast-paced and dynamic environment, with interdisciplinary teams focused on leveraging cutting-edge technology, data and machine learning to uncover unique investment ideas and provide solutions for producers. Headquartered in Calgary, we have offices in Houston, New York, Los Angeles and Philadelphia. As a member of the Support Team, the CDA plays a vital role assisting our Client Development Managers in both pre-sale and post-sale operations to ensure the clients’ needs are met with satisfaction and attribute to a lasting relationships. This position is based in our Houston, TX office. Responsibilities: Responsible for customer success within RSEG assigned account list Maintain user list management, working with clients and sales to manage user access roles Proactively assessing product usage and contacting clients to solicit feedback and to address questions on how to use the product Coordinating and conducting onboarding and training sessions for RSEG Products Documenting how clients are using our products and how they are realizing value Working closely with the sales team to proactively identify any new opportunities or challenges within the client base Working with the internal team to troubleshoot and address inbound support needs from clients Work with Product Management to close the loop on client inquiries and feedback Administration of the internal client success case management process Responsible for communicating support case and feature request updates Qualifications: Undergraduate degree in Engineering, Finance, Accounting, Mathematics, Computer or Actuarial Science is required Highly computer literate with skills in the Microsoft Office suite Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Self-motivated, task oriented personality with a strong work ethic and desire to learn Ability to collaborate with multiple functional and geographical groups concurrently across several time zones. RS Energy Group offers a competitive salary, a generous benefits package, and an unbeatable work environment. This is a great time to join our organization! RS Energy Group is an equal opportunity employer. By embracing diversity, we gain strength through our people. To learn more, please visit our website at www.rseg.com