RRC - IT Asset Management & Systems Support Specialist ( 00002296 ) Organization : RAILROAD COMMISSION OF TEXAS Primary Location : Texas-Austin Work Locations : RRC Headquarters 1701 N Congress Avenue Austin 78701 Job : Computer and Mathematical Employee Status : Regular Schedule : Full-time Standard Hours Per Week : 40.00 Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time State Job Code : 0231 Salary Admin Plan : B Grade : 19 Salary (Pay Basis) : 3,500.00 - 5,086.00 Number of Openings : 1 Overtime Status : Exempt Job Posting : Jul 3, 2018, 2:13:25 PM Closing Date : Ongoing Description Job Description: This position provides first level support for the end user computing environment and coordinates all Information Technology hardware and software asset management as a member of the Customer Support Team (Help Desk). Provides first level support for Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) and Cell phone systems. Updates, maintains and provides customer support for end user authentication systems. Creates, deletes and maintains email accounts. Creates, deletes and maintains server accounts. Provides first level desktop computer support to end users. Helps maintain compliance with related agency, state and federal statutes and policies. Works under supervision of Customer Support Team Lead, with latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. This position provides experience working with a team supporting agency critical applications in a fast-paced production environment with opportunities to research, learn and implement new technologies. Essential Job Duties: Provides good customer service; Provides first level support to end users; Coordinates support of agency Cell and VoIP phone systems; Manages IT hardware/software asset inventory in a tracking system; Prepares solicitations, evaluate and purchase software, hardware, and/or professional services, and coordinate evaluation and selection of vendor responses; Maintains software license compliance; Administers end user accounts; Administers email system user mailboxes, distribution lists and shared resources; Administers Security Administrator Accounts (SAD) for RRC Online system; Enforces Commission Security Policy and Guidelines; Performs other duties as assigned. State Classification : 0231 State Classification Title: SYSTEMS SUPPORT SPECIALIST IV Salary Group: B19 Military Occupation Specialty Codes (MOSC): Army – 25B Navy – IT Coast Guard - 275 Marines – 6046 Air Force – 3A1X1 http://www.hr.sao.texas.gov/Compensation/MilitaryCrosswalk/MOSC_InformationTechnology.pdf Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: High School Diploma or equivalent Minimum 4 years’ experience in Information Technology Help Desk customer support Experience with Office365 and Active Directory account maintenance Experience with hardware inventory Experience with software license compliance and inventory Experience with Windows 7 desktop support; Experience with Cell and VoIP phone system support. Preferred Qualifications: Certified Software Asset Manager (CSAM) Experience with Mobile Device Management (MDM) Experience with SCCM inventory system ITIL Certification. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Knowledge of Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) concepts and implementation; Knowledge of VoIP and Cell phone management systems; Knowledge of software license compliance; Knowledge of Systems Center Configuration Management (SCCM); Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) concepts and implementation; Knowledge of Intel desktop/laptop computer hardware and software support; Knowledge of Microsoft Office and Office 365 applications; Knowledge of basic computer networking; Knowledge of Microsoft SharePoint administration; Demonstrated skill in managing multiple environments in support of Application Development and testing; Skill working with a team of technical staff; Skill in analyzing problems and devising solutions; Demonstrated skill in scheduling, testing, installing, and implementing programs; and in troubleshooting computer systems; Ability to plan, organize, motivate, and control resources, procedures and schedules to achieve goals set forth by management; Ability to analyze systems and procedures, write and revise standards and procedures, handle multiple projects; Ability to train others; Ability to stand or sit for long periods of time, working at a station; Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with others. Ability to work well under pressure and be flexible. Ability to maintain professional appearance and demeanor. Ability to work overtime and flexible hours and to be available for occasional weekend duty. Ability to maintain punctuality and regular attendance. Ability to work effectively on a team or on independent assignments. Ability to exercise tact and courtesy. Ability to work the hours of 8 am – 5pm, Monday through Friday. Remarks: There is one vacancy THE RAILROAD COMMISSION OF TEXAS ONLY ACCEPTS ONLINE APPLICATIONS FOR THIS POSTING. Due to the high volume of applications we do not accept telephone calls. Only candidates selected for interview will be contacted. Notifications to applicants are sent electronically to the email address you provide. The Railroad Commission of Texas is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age or disability in employment or in the provision of services. The Railroad Commission of Texas is a smoke-free workplace.