We believe that clothes — and how you make them — can make a difference. Since 1853, we’ve been obsessed with innovation to meet people’s needs. We invented the first blue jean. And we reinvented khaki pants. We pioneered labor and environmental guidelines for our manufacturing partners. And we work to build sustainability into everything we do. A company doesn’t last 160 years by standing still. It endures by reinventing itself, striving to delight its consumers, winning in the marketplace, and by remaining true to its values. We employ more than 17,000 people around the world – supporting great brands, including Levi’s®, Dockers® and Denizen®. Our employees are committed to innovation, creativity and collaboration. The Sr. Reporting and Visualization Engineer reporting to Director, Data Engineering and Analytics will be responsible for owning and managing all Business Intelligence and Reporting platforms at LS&Co.; In addition, the engineer will also be responsible for developing reports and dashboards leveraging reporting and visual exploratory tools. This individual will be working very closely with business functions such as Retail, Supply Chain, Sales, Marketing, and Finance to understand the requirements and collaborate with BI BSA, Data Warehouse Architect, and Data Engineer in designing robust and scalable BI semantic layer to enable self-service reporting and dashboard development. Responsibilities: Analyze Information and reporting business requirements, explore and evaluate various options, develop prototype using reporting and dashboard tools upfront in the project life cycle thereby validating the requirements, eliminating ambiguity and providing early visibility to business on the final solution. Translate the requirements to functional specifications document, develop and own requirements traceability matrix. Participate in design of Data warehouse data model and provide input and feedback from Business Objects Universe and reports perspective Work closely with Data Warehouse Architect in designing and developing all layers of Business Objects, reports and dashboards and implement both content and row level security Develop complex Business Objects Universes, folders, objects, and Hierarchies for Multidimensional Analysis of underlying datasets Conduct User Acceptance testing, train super users and power users on usage of the tool and the solution and gather user sign off Work with applications operations team in architecting and implementing Enterprise grade, failover, high availability for Business Objects and Tableau application Perform capacity planning of all reporting and visualization platforms on yearly/bi yearly basis and make the necessary infrastructure addition to ensure user experience is optimal Act as resident Business Objects and Tableau expert Develop and own usage metrics for all BI tools Automate user access provisioning for Business Objects and Tableau Perform ongoing monitoring and refinement of reports and BI solutions, work with business stakeholders to ensure the solution is adopted and fully leveraged for decision making Use structured and disciplined approaches to solving technical problems. Collaborate and work with cross functional IT teams Requirements: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline. 8-10 years working in IT with a thorough understanding of SDLC and Agile development methodology 5-7 years of experience in Business Intelligence and Data Warehousing 5-7 years of experience as BI reporting and visualization engineer along with strong hands on experience in developing complex reports and dashboards for Enterprise usage 3-5 years of experience in Business objects and Tableau Administration 2 -3 years of experience in Tableau implementing complex dashboards as well as tool administration Good understanding of relational databases with hands on experience in SQL and PL/SQL programming Solid understanding of Data Warehouse methodology, dimensional modeling including Ralph Kimball’s methodology Prior experience of implementing reporting solution in one or multiple areas such as Retail, Sales/Supply Chain & Operations/Finance/Marketing Proficient in documenting use cases, requirements and functional specifications Ability to quickly translate requirements to prototype and get business buy- in Proficiency with use of Microsoft Office applications including, Word, MS Project, Excel and Visio and other tools that facilitate the requirements gathering and design phases of the SDLC. Passionate about solving business problems, Innovative, creative and an outside-the-box mindset. Excellent Analytical skills and strong attention to detail Self-motivated with strong leadership and presence Must possess critical thinking, problem solving, and decision-making skills Excellent oral, written communication skills and presentation skills Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment is crucial. LOCATION 1155 Battery St. San Francisco, CA, 94111 FULL TIME/PART TIME Full time