Overview Systems Administrator III - Windows Location: Main Campus Department: Information System Job Type: Full Time COMPANY PROFILE Kelsey-Seybold Clinic. Your Doctors for Life. Since 1949, Kelsey-Seybold Clinic has served its patients with one goal in mind – combine the expertise of physicians in a variety of medical specialties, with the close personal care of a family doctor. Kelsey-Seybold is Houston’s largest community-based physician group, caring for more than 400,000 patients. With 19 clinic locations, we are growing to meet the health care needs of our diverse patient population. Our mission is to provide our team members with exceptional opportunities for professional and personal growth. JOB SUMMARY Advanced ability to apply in-depth level of technical skills to solve common and complex technical issues. Performs detailed analysis, gathers business requirements, recommends, and participates in the design and implementation of solutions. Leads projects and is capable of resource and work scheduling of individual projects. Requires limited day to day supervision and guidance on handling unique situations. Follows established guidelines and interprets policies. Integration, support, and implementation of network and system infrastructure components. Acts as team lead or project manager on individual projects. EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS & EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS _(A = basics; B = preferred)_ Education A. Technical Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience. B. Master’s degree Experience A. 4+ years of System Administration – Microsoft System Center Suite experience 4+ years of System Administration – Microsoft Active Directory experience 2+ years of System Administration – x86 Server Hardware experience B. Prior experience in the health care industry including exposure to Epic Systems technologies. Licenses A. Valid Texas driver’s license B. CompTIA A+ CompTIA Server+ Microsoft Certified Professional Microsoft Certified IT Professional Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer VMware Certified Professional Special Skills A. Implementation, support, and maintenance experience of above solutions Knowledge of Microsoft 365 Enterprise Knowledge of Quest ActiveRoles and other Quest Software Knowledge of VMware vSphere/vROps experience Working knowledge of multi-platform Desktop Operating Systems Working knowledge of Microsoft Exchange Working knowledge of Skype for Business Advanced working knowledge of Server Operating Systems Advanced working knowledge of Vulnerability and Patch Management Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong analytical and problem solving skills Self-motivated and excels in team and individual environments B. UNIX Server Administration Microsoft SQL Server Administration Microsoft IIS Server Administration Microsoft SQL Server Administration Microsoft Exchange Administration Microsoft Sharepoint Administration Microsoft System Center Operations Manager Administration Blackberry Enterprise Server Administration Citrix XenServer Administration Server Virtualization Other A. B. WORKING ENVIRONMENT Office