WELCOME TO SHERWIN-WILLIAMS Sherwin-Williams is the largest paints and coatings company in the world. With $15.8 billion in sales, more than 4,100 stores, and 140 manufacturing and distribution centers worldwide. Our 60,000 employees across the globe are diverse, innovative and passionate. With a variety of rewarding and challenging opportunities, Sherwin-Williams is a great place to launch and grow a career. Find yours and join us today. The Chemist position focuses on the development and execution of materials characterization methods that enable the design of coatings with exceptional application and cured film performance. The successful candidate for this position will have experience in creating and executing materials characterization projects, programs, or methodologies and working collaboratively with key stakeholders. Responsibilities include the characterization of formulations and products to expand scientific understanding of coating performance which leads to accelerated new product development. This position reports to the Performance Coatings Group Materials Science Technical Manager. CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND TASKS 1\. Executes materials science research programs in collaboration with business unit R&D; teams that expand scientific understanding or new test methodologies which lead to accelerated product development. 2\. Create and execute materials characterization methodologies that add value or solve problems for our internal and external customers. Clearly articulate the plan to the technical teams to align objectives. 3\. Develop capabilities and formulation guidelines to enable the design of coatings with exceptional application and cured film performance 4\. Respond to highly technical and complex questions and concerns from customers, research professionals, quality control, and other internal and external parties regarding development and related programs and services. Presents results and plans to internal and external customers 5\. Initiate and manage collaborative programs with external partners (universities, suppliers, instrument manufactures, etc.) to compliment internal capabilities and enhance results. 6\. Develops project objectives, which includes proposed budgets, timelines, materials, personnel, determining project feasibility, and other project requirements, and receives management approval. 7\. Reads and interprets patents, examines new product concepts and technology, and determines how to meet customer needs and market demands. POSITION REQUIREMENTS 1\. FORMAL EDUCATION: a. Required: Bachelor’s degree in materials science, chemical engineering, materials engineering, chemistry or related field of study. b. Preferred: Master’s degree or PhD preferred. Expertise in rheology, fluid atomization, or mechanical performance is desired. 2\. KNOWLEDGE & EXPERIENCE: a. Required: Track record of creating and applying physical characterization methods to product development and problem solving b. Preferred: Experience of >3 years in an industrial setting 3\. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Must be able to sit, stand, hear, and see on a constant basis. Must be able to walk, write, and type on a frequent basis. Must be able to lift and carry up to 50 pounds. Must be able to climb and descend stairs. Must be able to bend, carry, reach, push, and pull on an occasional basis. Must be able to communicate verbally and in writing. May work indoors and outdoors as needed. Exposure to heat up to 120 degrees and cold to 0 degrees. May work in areas where noise level is such that hearing protection is required. May work in areas where toxic, flammable, and hazardous materials are present. May be exposed to varying amounts of dust and dirt. Work surfaces may include concrete. Employee must be able to tolerate non-toxic paint odors and be able to wear a respirator as required. Employee must be able to operate a computer and communicate via telephone. Some travel to other locations, meetings and/or seminars is required. Valid driver’s license. 4\. TECHNICAL/SKILL REQUIREMENTS: a. Required: Supervising and evaluating employees Administering technology programs Applying business administration principles and practices Applying project management principles and practices Developing and monitoring project budgets Interpreting and applying department policies and procedures and applicable laws, rules, and regulations Applying comprehensive application methods and procedures Interpreting data and developing reports Working with internal and external customers Communicating technical information Reading and interpreting patents Applying commercialization principles and practices PC skills; Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook); and other applicable applications Communicating with co-workers to provide and receive direction 5\. TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS: 10% Basic Requirements o Bachelor’s degree in materials science, chemical engineering, materials engineering, chemistry or related field of study o Must be proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Power Point). o Must be able to travel overnight. o Must have at minimum, a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university. o Must have the legal right to work in the country for which you are applying for employment.