Description Job Summary: Administers and supports physical server infrastructure running both bare metal and hypervisor OS. Performs IT infrastructure life cycle management –planning, building and operating. Performs configuration and administration of hypervisors and virtual machines running business applications. Performs troubleshooting and root cause analysis. Assists with disaster recovery and capacity planning for virtualized applications. Applies specialized domain knowledge in monitoring, assessing, analyzing and/or evaluating processes and data. Assists with scripting to streamline supported platform management. Makes judgements and recommendations based on analysis and knowledge. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Manages and maintains complex software systems. Performs application software implementations and upgrades. Ensures availability, security and integrity of assigned applications. Monitors applications, including setting alerts to maintain the stability of the environment and application, monitoring error logs, and automating administration tasks wherever possible. Troubleshoots or escalates issues as needed. Evaluates and identifies ways to automate, streamline, and improve day-to-day maintenance and administrative practices. Installs or coordinates installation of application patches and releases on development, test, pre-production, and production systems. Ensures adherence to Service Level Agreements regarding application availability. Serves as central point of contact and as a liaison to other IT departments and application vendors regarding installations, server maintenance, licensing and upgrade issues. Effectively manages communication between end users, vendors, and IT departments to solve production, Pre-production, test, and development environment problems quickly. Creates and maintains accurate system run book for assigned systems. Maintains current description and documentation of application configuration, including tracking and documenting any changes to environments. Assists in capacity planning, performance monitoring and tuning on assigned systems. Participates in disaster recovery planning, including assisting with fault tolerance and disaster recovery plans. Effectively manages communication between end users, vendors, and IT departments to solve production, pre-production, test, and t environment problems quickly. Occasional non-business hour work requirements for patching, or other updates; ability to take on call responsibilities. Performs other duties and responsibilities as assigned. Qualifications Experience and Skills: Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree MIS, Computer Sciences, Business or related degree and three (3) years of relevant experience preferably in systems or application administration or a combination of education, training and experience. May work a non-standard shift including nights and/or weekends and/or have on-call responsibilities. Minimum of three (3) years of experience with VMWare Administration preferred. Minimum of three (3) years of experience with Networking, Storage Administration, Vblock, Cisco UCS, and HP Blades preferred. Knowledge of the following: Monitoring tools to ensure required availability of assigned systems. Concepts, principles and practices of systems administration. Monitoring tools to ensure required availability of assigned systems. Active Directory, TCP/IP networking protocols, DNS. Backup and recovery technologies. Network and security concepts and technologies. Automation, monitoring, reporting using Powershell. TCP/IP networking standards, protocols, etc. Private cloud, iaas, saas offerings preferred. Hyperconverged compute solutions. Project/Quality Management practices ITIL Practices/Change control. Licenses/Certifications: None required. Competencies and Behaviors: Analysis: Identify and understand issues, problems and opportunities; compare data from different sources to draw conclusions. Communication: Clearly convey information and ideas through a variety of media to individuals or groups in a manner that engages the audience and helps them understand and retain the message. Exercising Judgment and Decision Making: Use effective approaches for choosing a course of action or developing appropriate solutions; recommend or take action that is consistent with available facts, constraints and probable consequences. Technical and Professional Knowledge: Demonstrate a satisfactory level of technical and professional skill or knowledge in position-related areas; remains current with developments and trends in areas of expertise. Building Effective Relationships: Develop and use collaborative relationships to facilitate the accomplishment of work goals. Client Focus: Make internal and external clients and their needs a primary focus of actions; develop and sustain productive client relationships.