We believe that clothes — and how you make them — can make a difference. Since 1853, we’ve been obsessed with innovation to meet people’s needs. We invented the first blue jean. And we reinvented khaki pants. We pioneered labor and environmental guidelines for our manufacturing partners. And we work to build sustainability into everything we do. A company doesn’t last 160 years by standing still. It endures by reinventing itself, striving to delight its consumers, winning in the marketplace, and by remaining true to its values. We employ more than 17,000 people around the world – supporting great brands, including Levi’s®, Dockers® and Denizen®. Our employees are committed to innovation, creativity and collaboration. Levi Strauss & Company is pursuing a global strategy to become a best-in-class Omni channel retailer. This is an exciting opportunity for a business-minded, data savvy superstar: the successful candidate will play a key role in accelerating the growth of America’s (LSA) retail businesses. In this role, you will have the opportunity to work across cross functional teams to analyze some of the company’s most challenging issues. This includes gathering and analyzing information, formulating and testing hypotheses, and developing and communicating recommendations to a LSA retail leadership team. Reporting to the Sr. Vice President of LS Retail Operations, the ideal candidate views this business analyst role as the start of a rewarding, challenging, and flexible role at Levi Strauss. Key Responsibilities: Go to expert for retail business analytics Key partner for field retail team for feedback and support in analytics needs Evaluate current capabilities, provide recommendations for change, test, scale, track and analyze results Synthesize current reporting mechanisms; evaluate process, recommend changes Lead measurement and analyses, ensuring we are appropriately measuring performance and impact Capable of pulling and analyzing data independently, interpret results, provide recommendations for simplification of opportunities, implement changes as needed Use segmentation and behavioral data to build tests and personalize for best consumer experience Turn business questions into functional analysis; understand core financial impact in terms of sales, profitability and KPI’s Skills & Qualifications: BS in mathematics, engineering or statistics 4 - 6 years in an analytics role, consumer facing highly preferred Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to influence all levels of management and cross functional partners Ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks and adapt to a changing and fast-paced environment Collaborative team player Retail experience preferred, passionate about apparel and retail _The Company's policy is to provide equal opportunity to all persons without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression, marital status, Vietnam era/disabled veteran status, physical or mental disability, or other protected classes prohibited by applicable law. Company policy prohibits harassment of applicants or employees on the basis of any protected classes. The Company has established a continuing Affirmative Action Program to assure equal employment opportunity in all its policy decisions affecting recruitment, selection, assignment, promotion, training, and all other terms and conditions of employment._ LOCATION 1155 Battery St. San Francisco, CA, 94111 FULL TIME/PART TIME Full time