Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The mission of the Facebook Risk and Payments team is to enable anyone, anywhere to be able to pay and be paid with confidence. This can mean different things across our many payments products - from providing support to advertisers who need help paying their bill, helping charities onboard to receive donations, to identifying and resolving fraudulent transactions. We are looking for a strong individual contributor who can use data to drive insights that will help fuel the success of payments at Facebook. RESPONSIBILITIES Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and provide experience, risk, and product insights. Drive key performance metrics such as fraud losses, payment success rates, and support efficiency. Influence cross-functional partners such as Product, Engineering, and Sales to make product and process improvements. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS A Bachelor's degree in Business, Science, Engineering, Economics, or equivalent practical experience. 2+ years experience doing quantitative analysis. Experience manipulating data sets in SQL or equivalent, and drawing actionable insights from data PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Proficient at defining, utilizing and communicating performance metrics. Strong communication and presentation skills.