A resume is required in order to apply. A letter of interest is required in order to apply. A list of 3 professional references is required in order to apply In order to be considered, applicants must have uploaded all required materials in a combined document and must have completed all sections in their on-line application. Purpose of Position Work with multiple IT teams and functional departments to develop, maintain, and enhance Enterprise PeopleSoft Applications and Oracle databases. Essential Functions Develop, maintain, and enhance Enterprise PeopleSoft applications and Oracle databases; maintain PeopleSoft environments including installation, upgrades, patches, replication, data refreshes, performance tuning, and monitoring of Web and Application servers; assist with the management of all production and non-production Oracle databases, including installation, upgrades, patches, backups and recovery, replication, archiving, security, tuning, disaster recovery, monitoring, and validation to support departmental and organizational needs; manage the database environment to identify and recommend alternatives to poorly coded applications, including consulting with end users and developers to recommend the most appropriate database solution; assist with application development with database design considerations; assist in the designs of data security models to help protect the university's data; comply with existing standards, document and communicate any system changes; provide service and support determined by the current service level agreements, including on-call support; provide third level support for database and systems problems and work with IT personnel to resolve database issues; perform impact analysis on all PeopleSoft and PeopleTools updates, and provide proposals for applying them effectively. Required Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Computer Applications, Computer Engineering or Electronic Engineering and five (5) years of experience as a Database Administrator, PeopleSoft Administrator, Programmer, or Programmer Analyst. The five (5) years of experience must have included Oracle database and PeopleSoft administration Working Conditions May work around standard office conditions. Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation. Uses standard office equipment. Up to 10% domestic travel for trainings/seminars. Additional Information The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. Complete all sections on the application, including highest level of education, college degrees (if applicable), references and all questions on the application questionnaire. If you are applying for the first time make sure to complete all biographical information including address, email and phone. You may update this at any time by selecting to edit your profile in the application. Security sensitive; conviction verification conducted on applicant selected. EO/AA Statement The University of Texas System Administration is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status or sexual orientation. Reasonable disability accommodation may be requested by contacting the Office of Human Resources.