_This position is hiring on a rolling basis - we'll get back to you when our need grows!_ As an Urban Farmer, you will be at the core of Lettuce’s mission to grow fresh, affordable produce in neighborhoods. You will work on a team that oversees production from farms across Austin that range from one acre or more, to a small veggie garden in a side yard. We are seeking farmers at the learner level to work with us part-time and build their skills on the farms. You will also work with our installation team to install mini-farms in yards. This position could lead to a full-time job taking care of client accounts (working with subscribers in their gardens) and/or working full-time in farm management. The right candidates for our team should have experience/qualifications/interest in some, or all, of the following: Polyculture, organic vegetable farming on various farm types and dimensions Setting up new farms from the ground up, including operating farm machinery Various irrigation methodologies Practical knowledge and experience of seeding, transplanting and harvesting cycles for a wide range of vegetables in the Central Texas area Knowledge of permaculture and heirloom varieties Composting Greenhouse Maintenance Experience at a CSA farm, landscaping operation, botanic garden and restaurants is also a good fit. Other qualities we're looking for: Willingness to take direction and implement changes fast Team player Stamina to work outdoors for long hours through all seasons Ability to work with data and applications to track your work and communicate with the team Flexibility is a must. Our team is often at disparate locations and you need to be comfortable deviating from a schedule when necessary In a nutshell, we are looking for multifaceted candidates with the right combination of knowledge, experience, initiative, trustworthiness, self- motivation, the willingness to learn and work hard. Bring your experience, merge it with some of our practices and procedures, and experiment and innovate to make better quality products, higher yields and efficient processes! Who we are: You will be a part of a dynamic, passionate team eager to contribute to our mission of providing fresh, sustainable food for all. We are an urban farming company with a mission to help people cook at home with produce grown in their neighborhoods. We’re committed to helping people grow food, cook together and contribute back to their communities. Our organization is comprised of chefs, urban farmers, engineers, dreamers and do-ers! _We look forward to hearing from you. In your application please include your resume, link to your LinkedIn profile (if you have one) and/or a summary of your experience. Please also indicate if you're interested in full-time or part-time work._