Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. By bringing business intelligence to productivity and collaboration, our Intelligent Collab team, part of Microsoft Office, is changing the way work gets done. Responsibilities You are a customer-obsessed innovator; you are curious and perceptive. You love data: analyzing, interrogating, and learning from it. You are energized by creating solutions that change what’s possible. You embrace the goal of delighting each customer across the one billion installations worldwide of Microsoft Office – on phones, tablets, web, and desktops. You find a way: when faced with a challenge, you are resourceful and determined. You pull it all together to solve problems, creating data-backed solutions that help people across the globe work together. What do we do? Build models, improve metrics, innovate. On our team, understanding the customer is just the beginning. You will analyze customer data, work to understand customer problems, build models to assess these problems and then work with partner teams to build and ship machine learning models as customer-facing features. A flexible problem-solving attitude with the ability to work independently are vital. You will work cross-team to produce models that will be learned at scale and deployed at scale to Office customers. Who are you? An ideal candidate would be experienced in a wide array of ML techniques, with a focus on problem solving rather than a particular method or tool kit. Opportunities include user modeling, NLP, data insight generation and many more. Experience building and deploying ML models is a definite plus. A desire to do so is required! Qualifications Experience building practical machine learning models with applications to real-world problems. Experience with ML tools to build models and analyze data. (e.g. r, Python, Matlab, scikit-learn) 2+ Years of Industry experience Knowledge of distributed computing systems (e.g. Spark, Hadoop, Hive, Cosmos) Demonstrated coding skills. Natural Language Processing experience is a plus Master’s degree in Computer Science or Statistics, or equivalent work experience. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.