Coupa Software (NASDAQ: COUP), a leader in business spend management (BSM), has been certified as a “Great Place to Work” by the Great Place to Work organization. We deliver “Value as a Service” by helping our customers maximize their spend under management, achieve significant cost savings and drive profitability. Coupa provides a unified, cloud-based spend management platform that connects hundreds of organizations representing the Americas, EMEA, and APAC with millions of suppliers globally. The Coupa platform provides greater visibility into and control over how companies spend money. Customers – small, medium and large – have used the Coupa platform to bring billions of dollars in cumulative spend under management. Learn more at www.coupa.com. Read more on the Coupa Blog or follow @Coupa on Twitter. Do you want to work for Coupa Software, the world's leading provider of cloud- based spend management solutions? We’re a company that had a successful IPO in October 2016 (NASDAQ: COUP) to fuel our innovation and growth. At Coupa, we’re building a great company that is laser focused on three core values: _Ensure Customer Success_ – Obsessive and unwavering commitment to making customers successful. _Focus On Results_ – Relentless focus on delivering results through innovation and a bias for action. _Strive For Excellence_ – Commitment to a collaborative environment infused with professionalism, integrity, passion, and accountability. Responsibilities: Advise product and operations teams as the database subject matter expert (SME) Manage databases within Coupa cloud infrastructure including development, test and production Implement database changes as part of software and infrastructure releases Design and implement monitoring tools to optimized databases for high availability and performance in a highly transactional environment Perform server and query performance analysis, tuning, load and stress testing and capacity planning Automate configuration management and runbooks Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree 3+ years of experience in MySQL database administration Experience with all aspects of data modeling and storage Solid understanding of software development life cycle for a SaaS application Familiarity with Cloud Computing and Software as a Service 2+ years of experience with automation using Java, Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby or equivalent Experience with NoSQL such as Elasticsearch and DynmoDB preferred Experience with configuration management tools like Chef or equivalent preferred Experience with Redis, Memcached, etc. preferred but not required Strong communications skills, both written and oral Participate in On-Call duties At Coupa, we have a strong and innovative team dedicated to improving the spend management processes of today’s dynamic businesses. It’s our people who make it happen, and we strive to attract and retain the best in every discipline. We take care of our employees every way we can, with competitive compensation packages, as well as restricted stock units, an Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP), comprehensive health benefits for employees and their families, a 401(k) match, a flexible work environment, no limit vacations, catered lunches…And much more! As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, Coupa is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or religion. _Please be advised, inquiries or resumes from recruiters will not be accepted._