Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. At Facebook we pride ourselves on making data-informed decisions. This includes not only decisions we make about our platform, which serves over 2 billion users, but also how we learn more about our most valuable asset – our people. For instance, we use data to understand how to hire top talent, to ensure our people are engaged, and to support our people-related challenges. We’re looking for an experienced people analytics manager to join our people analytics function. Our team uncovers data-driven insights to better attract, develop, motivate, and retain Facebook’s most important asset – our people. This role will serve as an active partner with HR and functional leaders to perform research and analyses on a broad spectrum of people issues including employee attraction and selection, performance, growth, engagement, compensation, diversity, and retention. You’ll also help develop and refine people processes to make an exceptional workplace even better. The ideal candidate will have strong people management skills, quantitative skills, experience working across a variety of people research domains. This is a full-time role based in either Menlo Park, CA. RESPONSIBILITIES Grow, manage, & develop a team of people research scientists who analyze data to make recommendations on people and HR issues at Facebook Communicate with stakeholders and other internal teams to deliver results Apply expertise in people research, quantitative analysis, data science, and data visualization to help Facebook recruit, select, grow, and retain talent See beyond the data to identify solutions that will raise the bar for all things people-related Partner with the HR and recruiting teams on people projects to identify and clarify people issues, deeply understand our people processes, and analyze data to drive improvements Bring together Facebook-specific data and outside research to help leaders understand people issues Communicate statistical analyses and results to technical and non-technical audiences Integrate quantitative and qualitative data and hypotheses Collaborate with the Employment Law team Collaborate with and mentor other team members MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS MS in a field emphasizing people research in organizations (e.g., Industrial/Organizational Psychology, Organizational Behavior, Economics, Management, etc.) 8+ years of experience conducting quantitative people research in an organization or consulting environment, including working with stakeholders to understand and clarify their people research needs, and communicating analyses to technical and non-technical audiences 5+ years of experience applying multivariate statistical methods such as GLM, analysis of quasi-experimental research designs with non-equivalent groups (e.g., regression adjustment, matching, propensity score stratification), longitudinal analysis, classification, dimension reduction, clustering, hierarchical linear (random effects) modeling, etc., to people research problems in organizations 3+ years of people management experience in HR analytics 3+ years experience executing or managing quantitative people research projects Experience managing and analyzing structured and unstructured data using tools such as R, Python, STATA or equivalent tools PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS PhD in a field emphasizing people research in organizations (e.g., Industrial/Organizational Psychology, Organizational Behavior, Economics, Management, etc.) Internal and external consulting experience Experience developing tools, conducting empirical research, practical implementation, knowledge of best practices in at least two of the following areas: employee selection, recruiting, employee engagement, performance management, diversity or retention/turnover 5+ years people management experience in HR analytics