Responsible for the planning, analysis, and evaluation of space utilization and design advice to customers in supported buildings. Act as liaison and negotiator between functional management regarding office space allocations. Select and coordinate timing of rearrangement of employees and workspaces. Essential Job Duties: Serve as primary staff contact between the Company and the set location in regards to space planning. Develop functional occupancy requirements including master space utilization plan and detailed layouts. Interface with necessary parties on all facets of building design, and submit a facility services requests to designated designer/engineer/architect. When planning set area, take into consideration any possible safety hazards, nuisance problems, impaired acoustical and/or visual privacy issues. Work with move coordinators to implement functional rearrangements and moves within the set location. Provide regular status reports, including recommendations, achievements and exposures to designated management. Maintain full set of floor plans containing up to date data on configurations. Communicate regularly with management on matters concerning space utilization, staff changes and future requirements. Coordinate and negotiate with vendors and suppliers as needed. Assist facilities management on various projects as needed. Perform general administrative functions when needed, including answering phones, typing correspondence, copying, etc. Skills, Education and Experience: Bachelor’s degree required or equivalent experience Minimum of 3-5 year previous related experience Knowledge of computer aided design (AutoCAD) systems Experience in interior and architectural design and drafting Knowledge of furniture office systems and general finish specifications Knowledge of general building codes Able to handle a variety of simultaneous projects and meet strict deadlines Strong organizational skills Strong oral and written communication skills May perform other duties as assigned Benefits and Perks: Industry leading Parental Leave Policy (up to 16 weeks) Generous healthcare Bright Horizons back-up care program Generous paid time off Education reimbursement Referral Program Opportunities to network and connect Benefits/perks listed may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Newmark Knight Frank and the job location. Working Conditions: Normal working conditions with the absence of disagreeable elements