What is it like to produce games in the studio? Is it different from producing a game in the truck outside TD Garden? Yes, it is! We are seeking Broadcast Associates to support the Boston Bruins games from September-December. You will be providing a variety of production support, remotely and in studio. Responsibilities will include but is not limited to: Working alongside the Director and Producer of Bruins Hockey, in providing support to the remote production team Log High Definition highlight tapes Enter time code & highlight information into the database Dub video highlights to DVD Assist Producers, Directors, and Associate Producers with broadcast research Assist Editors and production team members with various aspects of Bruins Pre- and Postgame Show production Research and edit historical flashbacks Log games and archive video Research and present statistics Other related tasks as assigned and needed About You Must be currently enrolled as a student in a College or University Knowledgeable about the game of hockey (NHL & College). Let’s go Bruins! Interest in television production and communications Excellent organizational skills and must be detail oriented Familiarity with Google Drive Ability to be successful working in a fast paced, loosely structured environment Great communication skills Must be a self-starter who can work independently with minimal supervision but also able to work effectively within a team environment Available and willing to work nightly shifts during the week (normally a 3pm start), some weekend shifts (normally a 12pm start or earlier) Must embrace the NESN Core Values; People, Customer Focus, Adaptability, Teamwork, Diversity, Integrity, Accountability, Passion and Social Responsibility Who We Are The New England Sports Network (NESN), owned by the Boston Red Sox and Boston Bruins, is the definitive source for New England sports programming and has consistently been one of the top rated regional sports networks in the country. We are looking for a team of driven and enthusiastic Interns to join us for the Fall 2018 semester! This is a great opportunity for current college students looking to gain experience in a fast-paced work environment while learning from our experienced team. NESN is proud to be a diverse and inclusive employer. We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunities for all qualified individuals without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, genetic information, military service, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law. Minorities, Women, Individuals with Disabilities, and Veterans are especially encouraged to apply.