Job Duties Install, configure and troubleshoot Oracle 11g and 12c RAC clusters. Configure, administer and troubleshoot Oracle Dataguard for disaster recovery. Use Oracle Cloud Control for troubleshooting database performance issues. Provide 24x7 on-call rotation support of production databases. Setup RMAN backup and restore scripts. Perform ASM Storage Management and ASM performance analysis. Configure and administer Flash Recovery Area. Work with other database administrators and system administration staff on configuration, backup/recovery and security issues. Work with developers, QA and other administrators to develop and implement standard deployment practices. Open Oracle Support Requests for all database related errors and proactively apply patches. Write Datapump scripts to refresh UAT and DEV environments. Partition large tables and provide data modeling support to development groups. Upgrade databases from Oracle 11g to 12c. Assist users with problem resolution and answer database usage questions. Work with users to schedule application of patches and configuration changes. Proactively monitor database health and resource consumption. Participate in capacity planning and benchmarking of application workloads. Work with Oracle Support to resolve database outages and oracle problems. Keep current with latest Oracle technologies, and evaluate new technologies as needed. Required Experience The key criteria - significant continuous experience as an Oracle database administrator in a large scale Linux mission-critical environment where best IT practices are followed and supported large number of production databases 7X24. At least six years of experience working in a similar role. Experience administering Oracle 11g and 12c Clusterware. Experience with migrating databases form Oracle 11g to Oracle 12c. Implementing RAC, ASM and Dataguard in a production environment. Configure Flash Recovery Area and Flashback database. Configure and use Oracle Cloud Control for database monitoring. Knowledge of Oracle RMAN & Datapump utilities. Experience in Database Reorgs. Knowledge of Cost-based Optimizer and SQL Tuning. Knowledge of Database Modeling. Experience with Oracle Partitioning. Excellent writing/documentation skills. Significant experience troubleshooting complicated database problems. Experience researching and recommending technology solutions. Experience with Exadata and/or MySQL platforms preferred. Willingness to learn and support other database technologies.