Job Description Software Developers at IBM Cloud Brokerage Services design, build and deploy complex, highly scalable and reliable Common Services across the entire Cloud Brokerage product suite. Operating in an environment that empowers individuals by granting autonomy and freedom to choose technology and domain, you will experience complete ownership and accountability of the delivery. Delivered as a “as-a-Service” (including software and managed services), IBM Cloud Brokerage Services enables clients to adopt a new hybrid IT and multi- sourced operating model; specifically by brokering personalized cloud services from multiple providers throughout hybrid clouds using a single dashboard. You are a Solutions Developer who will employ strong engineering skills and your natural ability to THRIVE in a fast-paced agile CICD (Continuous Integration Continuous Delivery) environment to… Design, develop, maintain and automate software using: Python, Node.js, Kubernetes, Continuous Integration and Delivery tools Use design documentation, such as Functional Programming Specifications and high level design documents to implement the identified components Ensure that new and existing components are unit and functionally tested and ready to be integrated into the product Estimate and outline the solution approaches, express and articulate design rationale Technically guide teams during development and deployment of solution Advise other professionals by effectively utilizing group dynamics, recognizing the impact on business results Why are you qualified for this role? You are passionate about automation, development and eliminating mundane and repetitive work. A systematic problem solver at heart, you are agile and adaptable in the face of changing and moving priorities. The ability to help clients succeed through designing and implementing modern technology solutions is in your DNA, and you jump at the chance to engineer and integrate cloud applications to achieve just that. Who You’ll Work With In short, our group builds custom solutions to bridge the gap between current and potential customers’ business / technical needs and functionalities of current Cloud Brokerage products. You’ll have the opportunity to work with diverse teams, and will interact with product managers/business analysts, L1 & L2 support, architects, software engineers, and solution engineers for requirements, design, development and delivery to ensure that the proposed architecture is properly scoped and in-line with customer goals and business / technical requirements. IBM Cloud Brokerage Service provides optimum integration into Enterprise IT systems (e.g. Private Cloud, Traditional IT, Single Sign On, Service Management, Managed Services) in a dedicated instance for each customer… and we’re hiring. Join us. Keywords Python Protractor Selenium MongoDB JavaScript PaaS @IBMCloud SDLC API Swagger Ansible Jenkins Ansible Chef Puppet @IBM_CTS XaaS JIRA SCRUM @caffeinate_adam IBMToday CICD microservices Docker sso Kubernetes SaaS IBMCTS_IIB AWS azure jquery nodejs ibmbrokeragejobs Required Technical and Professional Expertise 5+ years of hands-on experience with…. Backend services development experience leveraging container technologies/management systems such as Kubernetes Platform Integration and Data services architecture and techniques Development with one/several of the following: Python, Node.js, Docker, UML, GIT, Jira, Agile/SCRUM, Linux/Mac, PyCharm, Visual Studio Code, Sonarqube Working knowledge of NoSQL databases - CouchDB, MongoDB Proven succes developing web applications, RESTful APIs, microservices, stateful & stateless applications with APIs and Enterprise platforms and services Experience in working in agile/devops environment with continuous integration and continuous deployment and application lifecycle management Experience working with cross-functional, globally dispersed teams; strong team skills including the ability to lead and be a team player Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Deep knowledge of Node.js or Python Strong knowledge on performance, scalability, reliability of MongoDB Strong knowledge on performance, scalability, reliability of micro services, Docker, Kubernetes HTML/CSS, jQuery, AWS, Azure, IBM SoftLayer, Travis CI, GoCD or Jenkins EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.