Business Analyst in Utility Domain We have a Business Analyst in Utility Domain. The position is permanent opportunity. Selected candidates must be willing to join at a short notice. Qualified candidates should be willing to work at San Ramon, CA Number of Positions: 1 The ideal candidates will possess the following: Over all 9+ Yrs. of strong BA experience Good work experience in AMI, customer service, Call center processes, meter to cash, Good knowledge in Utility domain Strong knowledge in utility domain in customer’s services Good experience in AMI implementation end to end Experience in Project Management / Project Coordination would be a plus Experience in Requirement Gather, develop, coordinate, and maintain business requirements for various projects and/or systems from initial phase to final implementation, assuring requirements meet standards. Experience in Develop use cases and functional specifications and coordinate the capture of process models and functional testing, ensuring system is functionally appropriate, technically sound, and well integrated. Excellent written and verbal communication skills are must. Experience in Onsite/offshore model. Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 ASP.NET PL1 Required Domain Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 General Corporate Operations NA Required 2 Finance & Accounting NA Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : San Francisco, California, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 30 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.