Graduation with a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university with major course work in a field related to Landscape Architecture plus five (5) years of landscape architecture experience, two (2) years of which were in a lead or supervisory capacity Licenses or Certifications: Registered Landscape Architect by the Texas Board of Architectural Examiners Notes to Applicants The Austin Parks and Recreation Department ( PARD ) provides, protects and preserves a park system that promotes quality recreational, cultural and outdoor experiences for the Austin community. The purpose of the position is to provide professional support for the design, review and management of Parks and Recreation Department CIP projects in the Park Development Division. The position also manages the design process of outside consultants and may manage the COA Landscape Architecture Rotation List with the Capital Contracting Office. This licensed professional position is critical to meeting the annual CIP Spending Plan of the Parks and Recreation Department Division; ensuring compliance with Health, Safety and Welfare requirements and coordinating projects with the COA Art In Public Places program. Out of State Applicants: Applicants who are licensed to practice landscape architecture in another state will have to obtain a Professional Landscape Architect license from the State of Texas by completing the process for landscape architectural registration by reciprocal transfer. Driving Record and other Certifications: If selected as a top candidate, a Texas Class C Driver’s License or have the ability to acquire one by the date of hire will be required. Regarding your City of Austin Employment Application : Resume and Cover Letter are required, but will not be accepted in lieu of a complete online Employment Application. A detailed, complete Employment Application is required to help better evaluate the applicant’s qualifications (employment dates must include month and year). The application will be used to determine salary for the Top Candidate that is selected for this position. Applicants must include on their Employment Application all experience (work and/or volunteer). Verification of employment history dates on resume should match online Employment Application – Statements such as “See Resume” will not be accepted. Military/Veteran Preference for Interview Process: An applicant claiming Military/Veteran status must provide a copy of his or her DD-214(s), or valid comparable document, at the time of interview. Pay Range $27.34 – $35.41 per hour Hours 40 hrs. per week 8:00 am – 5:00 pm May be required to work outside the normal hours for programming needs and special events throughout calendar year Evenings, Holidays and Weekends may be required Job Close Date 08/22/2018 Type of Posting External Department Parks & Recreation Regular/Temporary Regular Grant Funded or Pooled Position Not Applicable Category Professional Location PARD Annex - 919 W. 28 ½ Street Preferred Qualifications Preferred Education and Certifications in the following: LEED or SITES Accredited Professional (AP) Project Management Professional Certification (PMP) Landscape Irrigation License Preferred Experience in the following: Five (5) or more years of experience managing public sector projects to include writing Scopes of Work, preparing contracts and dealing with municipal permitting processes. Five (5) or more years of experience with AutoCad Software. Three (3) or more years of experience preparing and delivering presentations to executive-level management, public officials, and Boards & Commissions. Three (3) or more years of experience in construction oversight/ supervision. Five (5) or more years of experience with a strong emphasis in developing complex design concepts through construction documents in Park Planning and Development. Duties, Functions and Responsibilities Essential duties and functions, pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, may include the following. Other related duties may be assigned. Affix seal as a Registered Landscape Architect to approve plans and construction of parks and green spaces. Conduct meetings. Attend meetings as section representative. Coordinate division/section activities with other divisions/departments and outside contractors. Draw plans, diagrams, graphs, tables, charts, maps, etc using drafting &/or drawing tools. Resolve work-related problems for subordinates. Write/draft legal documents, i.e. contracts, regulations, ordinance amendments, resolutions, etc. Serve as member of various committees, task forces, etc. Develop & evaluate plans, criteria, etc for variety of projects, program activities, etc. Manage division/section activities. Answer citizen questions & provide assistance. Layout/design complex landscape projects. Analyze data to discover patterns &/or discrepancies. Provide technical advice & assistance to field personnel, contractors, etc. Compile and calculate data/information for reports, cost estimates, etc. Develop department/division budget. Responsibilities \- Supervision and/or Leadership Exercised: Responsible for the full range of supervisory activities including selection, training, evaluation, counseling, and recommendation for dismissal Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Must possess required knowledge, skills, abilities and experience and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Knowledge of the various plant materials. Knowledge of horticultural and arboricultural practices. Knowledge of the various characteristics used to identify a variety of plants and flowers. Knowledge of capital improvement programs. Knowledge of philosophy, goals, objectives, priorities and needs of landscape architectures and land planning. Knowledge of applicable building codes, ordinances and regulations. Knowledge of construction project management techniques. Knowledge of the elements of budgeting. Knowledge of irrigation systems and maintenance. Knowledge of land surveying. Skill in establishing and maintaining good working relationships with other City employees, the public and other public/private agencies. Skill in interpreting written documents including construction plans specifications and contract provisions. Skill in effective oral and/or written communication. Skill in the use of drafting and designing equipment and instruments. Skill in collecting, analyzing and interpreting research data. Skill in prioritizing tasks and/or work assignments. Skill in determining quality of materials, workmanship and construction methods. Skill in directing and assigning the work of others. Skill in planning and design processes for landscape architecture and land planning. Skill in preparing clear and concise written reports. Skill in determining and implementing group goals. Skill in planning, organizing and monitoring subordinate employee work assignments to accomplish unit objectives. Skill in developing and implementing short/long range plans. Skill in giving public presentations. Ability to explain and enforce City policies. Ability to identify a wide variety of plants and flowers. Does this job require a criminal background investigation? This position requires a criminal background investigation EEO/ADA City of Austin is committed to compliance with the American Disabilities Act. If you require reasonable accommodation during the application process or have a question regarding an essential job function, please call (512) 974-3210 or TTY (512) 974-2445. Information For City Employees: If you are an employee within the department, are in good standing and meet both the minimum and preferred qualifications, then you will receive an initial interview.