The Vice President of Operations is responsible for driving operating performance, delivering efficiencies to enable growth, providing superior customer service, improving processes, and enhancing systems to improve capabilities and capacity. This role will direct warehousing and delivery operations, logistics routing, procurement, order management & fulfillment, business process improvement, and safety, on a national level. Johnson Brothers’ business includes 3 million square feet of warehouse operations, 800 delivery vehicles, and 1,500 operations personnel across the country. The Vice President of Operations must work in partnership with the corporate management team as well as the leaders at each operating location. While the role reports directly to the owners, it requires close collaboration with executive, manager, and staff level stakeholders across the business. The mission of the Vice President of Operations is to leverage Johnson Brothers resources to be a competitive advantage. Job Description: Key Responsibilities : Drive operating performance, delivering efficiencies to enable growth, providing superior customer service, improving processes, and enhancing systems to improve capabilities and capacity. Cultivate strong cross-functional working relationships throughout the organization using shared strategies, successful collaboration, and a joint sense of accountability Drive operating performance. Utilize analytics to help support decisions, enable growth, measure performance and redirect resources as required Provide P&L; leadership and vision to the operations; understand and leverage both people and technology to elevate overall operational performance across the enterprise Drive standardization and efficiencies across the branch network, with a focus on creating a top-tier execution and customer service focused organization Ownership. Own the circumstance, face the challenge, and deliver solutions Prioritize, plan, and manage strategic initiatives across the enterprise Lead by example as a hands-on executive Requirements: 10 years of progressive operations leadership, including executive-level responsibility for multi-branch operations. Successful COO, Vice President of Supply Chain, or Vice President of Operations experience Proven success managing high-volume “Final Mile” delivery operations Excellent verbal and written communication skills Exceptional team-building skills across all functional areas and organizational levels A degree in engineering or other related technical discipline is preferred. MBA preferred Ability to manage competing demands and deal with frequent change Exceptional problem-solving skills. Excellent data analytics skills High integrity and personal accountability; committed to his/her people and the business Metrics and data-oriented; process driven; passionate about continuous improvement Worker Sub-Type: Regular Time Type: Full time