The Technology Manager will coach and support the technology team. The role oversees technical operations and infrastructure, manages the digital product roadmap, and will help scale our emerging data science and Business Intelligence capability. This position reports to the Director of Technology. Essential Functions Evaluate new and existing technologies and systems, advise other teams on technical needs and requests. Oversee IT support strategy, work with external partners and internal stakeholders to ensure prompt, proactive technology management and support. Support technical execution of core business processes such as seasonal menu updates, product launches, test initiatives, new restaurant openings, etc. Develop the technology team members and set growth strategy for the group. Establish clear onboarding and training processes. Prioritize, plan, and successfully execute strategic tech initiatives, with clear documentation of decisions and actions taken. Design and improve internal processes around technology and issue resolution. Define and implement access, usage, and data retention policies for all digital platforms. Manage and track team budget and performance metrics - continually seek to optimize cost, efficiency, impact, etc. Supervisory Responsibility Oversee operational tech stack Manage IT support ticketing and resolution processes Manage and plan the execution/testing of new and existing software integrations Manage technology execution for new restaurant openings and seasonal menu rollouts. Implement disaster recovery/backup procedures, information security policy, and access control structures. Qualifications 3-5 years of experience managing a team, track record of developing/mentoring people Experience managing IT systems at scale; designing networks Reliable, compassionate and patient; maintains composure in stressful situations Strongly prefer MSIS degree or equivalent IT or Systems Management Bonus: Restaurant or hospitality experience Work perks : Aside from your the standard job description fare (competitive salary, medical, dental, vision) we also offer: Macbook + Company phone (or phone reimbursement) Equinox gym membership plan Flexible vacation time Commuter benefits A (hypo-allergenic) dog friendly HQ (they’re amazing stress-relievers) Complimentary Dig Inn lunch everyday The Dig Inn Annual Retreat Dig Inn is a vegetable-forward fine-fast casual restaurant group whose mission is to build community through food. With 19 locations in NYC and Boston, and more sprouting soon, we are looking to grow our team and nurture the next crop of bright and driven people who are looking to impact the future of food. Our community is built through learning and development and as we grow, opportunities harvest from within. The work we do is challenging and fast paced, serving over 15,000 lbs of vegetables per week in each of our scratch kitchens. As cooks develop into chefs, we are building a diverse and inspiring brand along the way.