_Sizmek is the largest independent buy-side advertising platform that creates impressions that inspire. In the digital world, creating impressions that inspire is vital to building meaningful, long-lasting relationships with your customers. Sizmek provides powerful, integrated solutions that enable data, creative, and media to work together for optimal campaign performance across the entire customer journey. Our AI-driven decisioning engine can identify robust insights within data across the five key dimensions of predictive marketing—campaigns, consumers, context, creative, and cost. We bring all the elements of our clients’ media plans together in one place to gain better understanding for more meaningful relationships, make every moment of interaction matter, and drive more value across the entire plan. Sizmek operates its platform in more than 70 countries, with local offices in many countries providing award-winning service throughout the Americas, EMEA, and APAC, and connecting more than 20,000 advertisers and 3,600 agencies to audiences around the world._ The machine learning team sits at the heart of our technology, and delivers on the core brand promise of bringing rocket science to make advertising more rational and effective. What you will do: Sizmek’s technology platform supports a real-time bidding system that handles over 100 billion events every day (vs ~ 3 billion daily Google search queries), a reporting system that aggregates and analyzes terabytes of data in real-time, and a learning system that applies machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques to over 40 petabytes of data. These systems all work in harmony so that Sizmek can serve the right advertisement to the right user at the right time. The Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning team’s work sits at the core of our technology as the key decision making agent for our systems. We research and develop the algorithms and models that make our software intelligent, as well as implementing, scaling, and maintaining the code that powers our production systems. Some of the problems we work on include: Click/Conversion Prediction : How do you use the rich data we have about users to make predictions? How do you handle conversion events that are really rare, such as purchasing a cruise? How do you deal with cold start problems? Bidding Strategies : How do you translate a click or conversion score into a bid? What if it’s a first price auction, second price auction, or has a floor? How do you take into account pacing for hour of day, day of week, and special holidays like Thanksgiving and Christmas? A/B Testing : When is a result significant? How do you weight across many different campaigns? Fraud Detection : Many users of the web are not human, but rather bots, crawlers, or other pieces of software that is loading web pages. How do you detect these users and protect Sizmek from showing ads to them? Recommender Systems : Sizmek dynamically tailors ads to each user, including the products shown. How do you decide which products to show in just a few milliseconds? We work with some of the most cutting edge technologies to solve these problems, including Yarn/Hadoop (close to 2000 nodes), Spark, Hive, Hbase, and Storm. We program mostly in Scala, Java, and Python. We are looking for talented, intellectually curious, and motivated individuals who are interested in tackling the problems above. We are hiring for all levels with compensation and role depending on experience.