At Parsable, we are on a mission to liberate industrial employees from the drudgery of bad procedures and paper while empowering companies to continuously improve faster than they ever imagined. Parsable combines mobile applications, content management, workflow, and analytics into a mobile "connected worker" platform that turns procedures into live business processes that collect vital insights never before available to companies. With Parsable, companies are better places to work with streamlined jobs and safer work environments producing better goods and services at higher margins. About the Role Parsable is looking for our first data architect/scientist to join our team. Being able to answer the 1000s of questions our customers are asking themselves about productivity, safety, efficiency and more should be your passion. As the first member of the data science team, you should be a self starter that enjoys a fast paced environment where your passion and dedication will make an immediate impact. Qualifications Master’s degree in computer science, statistics or mathematics with focus on data mining (PhD a plus) Experience with architecting data models to support large data storage and retrieval Experience with SQL, R or Python and data visualization tools such as SuperSet or Tableau Experience with ElasticSearch, Apache Kafka. Apache Spark, Apache Hadoop, Redis Experience with data processing, transformation, cleaning and data warehousing techniques Additional Requirements/ Soft Skills Partner with Product Marketing and Product Management to define and test hypotheses aimed at answering business critical questions Perform deep dive statistical data analysis on large and complex datasets to help the business and customers improve their operational efficiency and safety Research and Develop predictive models and simulation using a variety of software and tools Communicate your approach and findings to a broad audience internally and externallyDirectly influence product strategy decision through data analysis Can work with other engineers to implement the right platform to constantly improve our ability to process and understand data About Parsable If you think a good day's work is leveraging advanced technology to help transform the industrial world for the better every day, then you are one of us. We are having the time of our lives helping companies like Schlumberger, Scientific Drilling, TechnipFMC, Unilever, Zume and other category leaders in consumer packaged good, manufacturing, and energy move from analog to digital. You'll find a team hungry for your great ideas and innovative thinking. When you strap into your seat on the rocket ship, your effort and insight will help us move the needle even faster. We think you'll agree that Parsable is one of the most unique missions you'll find in a high growth Silicon Valley origin, B2B, SaaS company today. Check us out (www.parsable.com) then grab your helmet and join us.