Primary Purpose: The Merchandise Operations Analyst is responsible for the functional delivery, communication and management of the process supporting promotions, POS pricing and allocation of Clearance product in Outlets. This position will work closely with Company Planning and IM teams to ensure all promotions ring correctly for stores in all Outlet channels. The Merchandise Operations Analyst will review selling weekly and propose allocations needed to maximize selling in stores. They will work with the DC to ensure allocations are clearly executed and communicated to stores. The Merchandise Operations Analyst will communicate all promotions and the corresponding emails with Stores and Marketing teams. Principal Accountabilities : Coordination and execution of Outlet deals Tracking, analyzing and allocation of clearance markdowns Creating and communicating markdown events and exit codes Participation in preseason transfer meetings recommending allocation strategies that maximize profitability Serve as the CE Promo super user and advise of the best way to execute desired promo in Outlet stores Coordinate with Planning & Allocation, Marketing and Store Partners to communicate the execution in stores 1st level support for Troubleshooting promo/deal issues Initiating Reporting & program measurement including weekly selling analysis/recaps, etc. Special projects as directed Education/Experience/Knowledge : Bachelor’s degree or matching business experience required 0-2 years of experience in an analytical or systems support role Functional understanding of retail/vertical retail business processes Ability to think objectively and interpret meaningful themes from quantitative and qualitative data Ability to use logic to solve problems Able to present ideas and direction clearly to others Able to build strong relationships with a diverse group of business partners Demonstrates strong listening, written and oral communication skills Ability to use logic to solve problems Proficiency in Microsoft Excel required Experience with or a strong ability to learn reporting/data warehousing tools preferred Possess strong organizational and time management skills Possess a strong sense of urgency and a high level of attention to detail Must be disciplined and able to work under pressure while being flexible and able to adapt City: State: Community / Marketing Title: Merchandise Operations Analyst (Temp) Company Profile: Talbots is a leading omni-channel specialty retailer of women's clothing, shoes and accessories. Established in 1947, the company is known for modern classic style that's both timeless and timely, fine quality craftsmanship and gracious service. At Talbots relationships are the key to our business, we hire individuals who bring new ideas to the table, understand smart risk taking and can enhance an already thriving culture. With a commitment to offer modern classic style for every body type, through a full range of sizes, inclusive to every woman in your life. EEO Employer Verbiage: Talbots is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes applications from diverse candidates. Hiring decisions are based upon a candidate's qualifications as they relate to the requirements of the position under consideration and are made without regard to race, sex, national origin, color, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, religion, or any other category protected by applicable law. Talbots is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for job applicants with disabilities. If you require an accommodation to perform the essential duties of the position you are seeking or to participate in the application process please contact recruiting@talbots.com. Talbots will make reasonable accommodations for otherwise qualified applicants or employees, unless such accommodations would impose an undue hardship on the operations of the Company’s business.