Title: Database Developer Location: Minnetonka, MN Department: Vusion Trimble Transportation Mobility (TTM) The Transportation Mobility Division of Trimble exists to make the roads safer, greener and better for everyone. Our employees bring this to life through imagination, teamwork and a true passion to disrupt the status quo and drive the future of the industry. By using innovative thinking and technology, we create software solutions that protect fleet drivers and the people out on the road. We share a relentless ambition to find new ways to improve a fleet’s bottom line, while making the world a greener place. Join some of the most brilliant minds in the transportation field, working together, to make a difference for our customers and the communities we serve. Position Overview The Database Developer will assist in the management of and contribute to the design, development, implementation, monitoring, and support of Vusion Analytic Services. This includes on premise and cloud implementations. The Database Developer position is a great opportunity to actively contribute in an enterprise development team in the stability of our platform. This position requires a developer with demonstrated experience working on a production projects that are highly available in a stable environment. The ideal candidate will be self-motivated, able to work in an environment of anticipated frequent change, and able to complete development with often ambiguous requirements. 60% TSQL Development 20% Database Design 10% Performance Tuning 10% Database/Application Support Required Skills: Bachelor Degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Technology, or comparable professional experience 5+ years SQL/TSQL Development Experience 4+ years Design of Database objects, relational tables and stored procedures 2+ years SQL performance tuning Experience working with Data Warehouses and ETL Preferred Skills: Database Administration Experience with Cloud Technologies and Implementations Experience in transportation, logistics or fleet management Experience with large databases and support of production environments Trimble Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, age, color, religion, national origin, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws, or any other protected factor. EOE/M/F/V/D