Purpose Design experiments and models to further the understanding of acoustic propagation and scattering in underwater environments including shallow water, areas with benthic biology, and areas with ice cover. Essential Functions Model acoustic propagation and scattering in underwater environments. Design, implement and analyze data from experiments to understand acoustic propagation and scattering in underwater environments. Supervise and advise students on the graduate and undergraduate level. Document results in the form of technical reports, archival papers, and presentations directly to sponsors and at peer reviews and conferences. Participate in preparation of proposals and sponsorship and budget management. Marginal/Incidental functions Other related functions as assigned. Required qualifications Bachelor's degree in engineering, math or physics and three years of applied research experience. Experience related to modeling underwater acoustics and design of underwater acoustics experiments. Experience with modeling software packages such as Matlab and COMSOL and general knowledge of UNIX. Demonstrated knowledge in the following areas: acoustic scattering, acoustic response of underwater objects and acoustic propagation. US Citizen: Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information at the level appropriate to the project requirements of the position. Evidence of skills in the following areas: working with new technologies, being highly organized, planning and coordinating multiple tasks, effective time management, attention to detail, effective problem solving skills, using excellent judgment, working independently with sensitive and confidential information, maintaining a professional demeanor, working as a team member without daily supervision, effectively communicating with diverse groups of clients, working under pressure, and accepting supervision. Preferred Qualifications Doctorate degree in engineering, math, or physics. Experience with finite element modeling of underwater acoustic scattering and propagation. Cumulative GPA of 3.0. Working conditions May work in all weather conditions May work in extreme temperatures May work around standard office conditions May work around electrical and mechanical hazards Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation Use of manual dexterity Some weekend, evening and holiday work. May work in shared, windowless office space. Possible intrastate/interstate/foreign travel. Participation in field tests. A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus