Internal Applicant Deadline: Thursday, August 16, 2018 @ 4:30pm JOB DESCRIPTION Edina Public Schools has a part-time Teacher Administrative Assistant position open in the Edina High School copy center. This is a 9-month position, running from mid-August through the start of June each year. The Copy Center Coordinator manages and completes all Copy Center requests for documents and a variety of publications. The Coordinator provides leadership and manages all phases of operations of the Copy Center, including training of employees, coordinating copy production, communicating with staff regarding their copy production needs and implementing quality control standards. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Operates all Copy Center equipment (copiers, laminator, guillotine, comb binder). Sets up files (digital and hard copy) to accommodate job specifications. Responsible for quality products and quality assurance processes. Performs basic maintenance of equipment and managing technical maintenance. Engenders a customer-service orientation. Meets staff’s copy product needs and ability to suggest recommendations to meet those needs. Ensures efficient and effective Copy Center operations. Contributes to waste reduction processes. Manages inventory and supplies. Contacts vendors and suppliers regarding maintenance and supplies. Recommends processing changes to improve workflow, reduce expenses, and improve production. Other duties as assigned. REQUIRED SKILLS Organizational skills Intermediate level Word Intermediate level Excel Intermediate level Acrobat Pro Technical and mechanical aptitude Above average customer service skills Excellent verbal and written communications skills Ability to work in a fast paced environment and ability to prioritize requests Ability to be self-directed and work with minimal supervision Flexible attitude Team player Troubleshooting/problem solving skills Ability to lift 30 pounds Pay Range: $3,058-$3,248/ month (Salary is prorated; Salary placement is based on part- time, related experience) Application Procedure: Apply Online