As the Information Company, our mission at OpenText is to create software solutions and deliver services that redefine the future of digital. Be part of a winning team that leads the way in Enterprise Information Management. The opportunity: The Senior Linux Systems Administrator performs duties to produce quality deliverables associated with systems administration. Specifically, this position is responsible for building, maintaining and troubleshooting secure computer environments using automation tools to quickly provision customer environments to global standards. Those responsibilities are generally associated with multiple function tasks of medium to large / high size, scope and complexity. You are great at: Performing the planning, coordination and execution of software and hardware installation, configuration, maintenance and upgrades. Providing superior OS support for systems in several large data centers located around the globe. Providing Application support for SAAS applications running on Smart Datacenter and VMware platforms. Creating and maintaining systems, infrastructure, procedural and process documentation. Providing technical assistance by responding to inquiries from other groups regarding errors, problems, or questions about software, hardware, systems and infrastructure. Troubleshooting and resolving issues, interfacing with other teams as required. Managing work to meet milestones in accordance with the project plan and keep management and project managers informed of issues and status. Recommending and evaluating new and more effective approaches to system administration, including procedural changes, future hardware / software needs and tools to enhance productivity. Participating on special project teams for development or corporate initiatives as such projects arise. Participating in On Call responsibilities. What it takes: Expert knowledge of unix operating systems (Redhat/CentOS, Ubuntu, Solaris) Working knowledge of Puppet and/or Chef to automate system builds and application installs Working knowledge of VMware virtualization technologies and Windows OS. Proficient in writing unix shell scripts to accomplish difficult tasks. Proficient in Microsoft Office applications. (Word, Excel etc…) Working knowledge of Active Directory, Kerberos, NFS, CIFS, DNS, and basic routing concepts. Strong written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to create technical documentation and system diagrams. Excellent troubleshooting and analytical skills. Ability to effectively prioritize work load and tasks to effectively meet established deadlines.