Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The Operational Partnerships and Technology team in Facebook's Compliance, Security, and Investigations (CSI) organization is looking for an experienced project manager to drive process and technology integrations and efficiencies in Facebook's legal department. The ideal candidate will be comfortable working across complicated, often unrelated, operational/legal teams and systems. They will also be comfortable managing and de-conflicting executive demands in a high demand and tight timeline environment. This work will be accomplished by working closely with legal SMEs, engineering teams, third party vendors, teammates, and cross-functional partners. Last, the candidates should have familiarity with or be willing to work on the intersection of tech, legal, compliance, and corporate matters. This is a full-time position and is located in Menlo Park, CA. RESPONSIBILITIES Work with legal stakeholders to review manual operations with an eye towards optimization and automation Review new legal requirements and assess potential integration needs for new builds or third party software Convey competence and draw confidence with legal partners by communicating plans and follow through execution for identified needs Partner with a team of program managers and cross-functional partners to help consolidate the coordination, tracking and communication of project requirements, priority and status to key stakeholders Conduct ongoing communication of team programs and reduce surprises by proactively managing risks Build subject matter expertise, stay up to date on technology, and identify key partnerships to help define team road maps Switch from program level to task level issues in driving projects to completion Motivate and adapt to different working styles based on teams involved Manage competing priorities and simultaneous projects in a fast-paced environment Work with peers of all levels from front line analysts to high level executives MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree or additional 4+ years of project management experience in lieu of a degree 8+ years of project management experience 4+ years experience in legal technology Experience coordinating technical initiatives and communicating across partners Experience weighing business requirements and priorities to produce project plans and estimates Experience leading enterprise-wide engagements and facilitating meetings