Are you looking for: Excellent benefits? Career growth opportunities? Opportunities to impact your community? A professional workplace that fosters respect, commitment and trust? As an employee of the Washington State Patrol, you will be part of a team of dedicated professionals responsible for providing safety and security to the citizens of the State of Washington. Troopers patrolling the highways are the most visible part of this agency. However, there are over 1,200 civilian employees who serve behind the scenes supporting the agency mission. To name just a few, we have: 911 dispatchers who are the critical vital link between calls for assistance and emergency response; Commercial Vehicle Enforcement Officers that work to inspect commercial vehicles to ensure safe and efficient travel on public highways; Deputy State Fire Marshals who help prevent fires in homes and workplaces; Forensic Scientists who process evidence that assists in prosecuting criminal cases; IT Specialists who leverage technology to enhance and sustain business processes, public safety infrastructure, and statewide emergency communications Records staff that process criminal information to ensure crimes are reported accurately so that offenders do not end up working with vulnerable people Administrative staff who provide exceptional customer service and respond to information requests while ensuring the agency runs smoothly and efficiently _Apply today and join us in providing "Service with Humility"!_ Duties: Why you should apply: The Washington State Patrol (WSP) is a professional public safety agency made up of dedicated professionals who work hard to improve the quality of life as well as prevent the unnecessary loss of life on a daily basis. You can be a part of this team! This is what you will do: The Enterprise Technical Architect has the primary responsibility to ensure that the investment in IT technology is specified to the standards and best practices, to support the operation of the data processing infrastructure of the WSP. In addition, it provides the second layer of support for the agency server operations. This position is responsible for achieving the business strategy, vision and target operating model of the WSP IT. The position is responsible for assisting to communicate the "Big picture" to the executive stakeholders and translate the technology standards. The position defines and explains gaps (between the principles and practice) IT Enterprise Architecture and develop standards and the environment to ensure the integrity, and availability of the IT infrastructure to support the mission of the WSP. Qualifications: Required Qualifications: Associates degree or higher in Information Technology (or closely related field). Working experience in an IT operations field may be substituted for education year for year. 5 years' experience as a senior-level information technology Microsoft Server/Active Directory/Backup and sub-services generally considered for an enterprise organization. Expertise and proven track record to apply the following Enterprise System engineering subject matters: Active Directory Virtualization Storage Network Design Architecture Security Server Hardware System Center DHCP Firewalls Desired Qualifications: 5 years of experience in the industry standards for IT Architecture (Zachman Framework, Open Group Architectural Framework (TOGAF), Federal Enterprise Architecture, Gartner Methodology) At least 2 years' experience participating in project development in an IT related field. Microsoft Certified System Engineer and similar professional IT certificates. Familiarity with commonly accepted IT industry standards and best practices