Under the general direction of the Director, the Operations Manager is responsible for overseeing the engineering program, elevator contract and for leading trades, management/supervision and individual trades staff in the perpetual maintenance, repair, and replacement of all mechanical, electrical, controls, boiler plant, and utility systems, refrigeration, and auxiliary internal mechanical systems/equipment across all University locations. The individual is responsible for providing management leadership and technical trades expertise and knowledge in the managing the service delivery of a team of trades employees (Electricians, Plumbers, Carpenters, Building Maintenance Workers, and others trades, when needed). The individual is accountable for supervising department staff as well as all matters related to timely and effective management of performance tracking and reporting, hiring and on- boarding, timekeeping, budget management, and disciplinary action. Duties include setting safety standards, staff training, monitoring and managing of the budgets, managing vendor contracts, responding to customer complaints and special requests, and affecting personnel policies and actions when assigned. The Operations Manager is to ensure the successful completion of preventive maintenance objectives, emergency repair services, small facilities alterations, and other operational functions. The individual and staff will be required to work in the facility of labs contaminated with bio hazardous, radioactive or other hazardous substances. The Operations Manager will also be considered the COE of the entire Trades and Engineering division of Facilities Services. Additionally, the COE will also be responsible for the Campus-Wide Elevator program. The Operations Manager assists with reviews of specification and documentation for construction work activities to ensure compliance; reviews cost of completed work to identify areas of management concern; leads the inspects of facilities to determine the need for repairs and develops long term maintenance programs to minimize maintenance expenditures as the projects are incorporated in the FIN (Facilities Investment Needs) list; directs and coordinates the response to emergencies at any time; directs the work of those supervised, and coordinates the interaction of their work with other functions within the department and with the occupants of the areas affected by work being performed to ensure a posture of professionalism and service orientation. The individual will also assist with the coordination of utility shutdowns in the absence of a Shutdown Manager. FACILITIES SERVICES The UCSF Facilities Services Department (FS) is committed to creating an exceptional campus physical environment to support the research, teaching, health care and community service mission of the University. FS employs over 400 professional staff and acts as steward for over $90 million in operating funds to achieve its goals in operating and maintaining the UCSF campus environment. Located in the Campus Life Services (CLS) organization, FS is organized into five distinct units: (1) Mission Bay/East Campus Operations, (2) Parnassus/West Campus Operations, (3) Infrastructure & Utilities Services, (4) Customer Service & Technology, and (5) Strategic Organization Development. FS participates in system-wide Principles of Community and all FS leaders are expected to create a fair, equitable, safe and supportive work environment, where everyone can do their best work. FS leaders share accountability for the overall success of the operation, and strive towards a high performance work environment. We value innovation, creative problem solving, and diligent follow-through. ABOUT UCSF The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences.