Bose is transforming the way audio devices interact with the Cloud, creating new experiences for improving the way people live so they can feel more, do more and be more. We are looking for a strong Software Program Manager to join our team (6 to 10 years experience) who understands cloud, modern dev ops, and micro-service architecture to help us create the next platform of products and services for our highly respected brand. The successful candidate will have a proven track record of working collaboratively with developers to build and manage complex software (or combined software/hardware) delivery programs, preferably in mass market consumer electronics. We are looking for exceptional candidates who can: Lead cross-functional teams to get systems designed, built, tested, and released on time and with high quality. Do the right things to drive work and release planning, to smartly handle interdependencies between teams, and to identify and manage technical and program risks. While managing multiple priorities with the product development teams, discover and eliminate complexity, bottlenecks, and ambiguity by working collaboratively. Help to make the right trade-offs, escalate issues if required, and always stay cognizant of continuous improvement opportunities. Build valued working relationships with technical subject matter experts on the teams as well as with stakeholders and upper management. Demonstrate exceptional organizational and leadership skill, outstanding written and verbal communication talent, and an appropriate aptitude for user experience design, software engineering, and software test methodologies. Must have the following skills, abilities and knowledge: Cross-functional program/project management involving cloud and dev ops delivery environments. Agile software development practices, preferably in SaaS platforms at scale. Prior software development experience using web technologies, mobile platforms, experience with IaaS, PaaS & dev ops automation is a plus. A proven track record of successfully leading complex software development efforts. Qualifications: 6 to 10 years of professional related experience 4 years of software project management experience Bachelors of Science in software engineering, computer science, or other appropriate field; advanced degrees welcome but not required. What you can expect at Bose: Working with wicked smart, super cool people in a campus-like atmosphere Competitive salary, benefits and retirement plan Working on leading edge technologies in cloud micro-services, big data and IoT Easy commute right off Mass Pike A culture of excellence, respect, opportunity and passion for innovation Making a significant impact at a company whose brand is the gold standard in the industry Bose is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. For additional information, please review: (1) the EEO is the Law Poster (http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf); and (2) its Supplements (http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm). Please note, the company's pay transparency is available at http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/EO13665_PrescribedNondiscriminationPostingLanguage_JRFQA508c.pdf. Bose is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the application or employment process, please send an e-mail to Wellbeing@bose.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.