Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description We are the Good Hands; we help people realize their hopes and dreams through products and services designed to protect them from life’s uncertainties and to prepare them for the future. Nearly every major Allstate project has a partnership with technology – a partnership that is imperative to the success of the organization. With the company’s size and related technology scale, job opportunities and career advancement paths in IT are abundant at Allstate. To maintain our place at the forefront of the technological landscape, Allstate needs to hire the best and the brightest talent – is that you? The Role Allstate is looking for top engineers to help build next generation data analytic and big data platforms and software solutions. The Big Data Developer position works in an agile environment interacting with multiple technology and business areas designing and developing next generation analytics platforms and applications. The individual will have a focus on user interface design and development, as well as additional coding responsibilities. The technician is responsible for the strategy and design of complex projects, coding, project planning support, and peer mentoring. Effective communication is important as this individual will be interfacing with many areas including business clients, technology, architecture and infrastructure services. Job Description Responsible for design, prototyping and delivery of software solutions within the big data eco-system. Responsible for knowledge of the technical ecosystem (software, data, interfaces, integration) Responsible for performance tuning and scalability improvements of distributed applications Responsible for designing and building new Big Data systems for analyzing data into actionable insights Responsible for development of advanced analytics solutions and integrating new tools to improve descriptive, predictive and prescriptive analytics Translates business concepts to technical implementations to drive alignment and decision making Works on a geographically dispersed team embracing Agile and DevOps strategies for themselves and others while driving adoption to enable greater technology and business value Effective and efficient utilization of programming tools and techniques Continually develops themselves – adaptable to change Job Qualifications 3+ years Big Data experience with hands on coding and development experience in Java, Scala and Python. Big Data experience with Cloudera/Hortonworks, and or EMR Solid development experience with Spark Experience with streaming toolsets such as Kafka, flink, spark streaming, and or Nifi/StreamSets Experience developing large-scale distributed applications Familiarity and comfort with participating in a high-performing geographically dispersed team Familiarity with source control solutions (ex git, GitHub, Jenkins, Artifactory) Good verbal and written communication skills Open to new ideas and technologies with a strong desire to learn Some experience with sound technical design and documentation Experience with Agile development methodologies and tools to iterate quickly on product changes, developing user stories and working through backlog (Continuous Integration and JIRA a plus) Ability to meet deadlines, goals and objectives Ability to work effectively with business and technical teams Basic ability to research and document project design, approach and architecture Basic ability to engage subject matter experts and translate business goals into actionable solutions Basic ability to identify and drive aligned technical direction with all stakeholders Works collaboratively with multiple areas Insurance industry experience a plus The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.