Who are we: Do you enjoy being part of an agile team working on the most advanced and complex semiconductor challenges? Applied Materials is your place to be!!! We are the leader in materials engineering solutions used to produce virtually every new chip and advanced display in the world. Our expertise in modifying materials at atomic levels and on an industrial scale enables customers to transform possibilities into reality. At Applied Materials, our innovations make possible the technology shaping the future. Description: We are looking for an experienced algorithm engineer to leverage Image Processing and Computer Vision concepts as well as latest advances in Machine Learning and Deep Learning to solve key problems. The candidate will work on semiconductor imaging data to design new machine learning or deep learning algorithms for inspection or metrology applications addressing key advanced challenges in semiconductor manufacturing. Key Responsibilities Develop an algorithmic major module, flow, or package or a Matlab / Python (system, product) major module, flow or package, including research, design, development and implementation & proliferation accompanying in accordance with project budgets and time schedules. Perform algorithmic C&F; for a major algorithmic module, flow or package, including problem analysis, data gathering, literature review, concept selection and evaluation and implementation constrains Align on specifications with corresponding owner in the team and the SW infrastructure architect. Ensure software modularity and quality to fit in the overall product software platform Construct an algorithmic work plan for algorithmic module, flow or packages owned by him Document algorithmic development, plan and accompany implementation, integration and testing of an algorithmic module, flow or package Interact with internal and external customers to analyze gaps, define and plan activities, collect data and accompany integration, testing and proliferation of algorithmic solutions Understand and act per system and applicative environment regarding module, flow or package development. Take part in system definitions Act as a technical tutor and instructor regarding areas of expertise. Guide algorithm developers working with him on same module, flow or package Evaluate new technology and analyze competitor's technology Business Expertise Has knowledge of best practices and how own area integrates with others Aware of the competition and other factors that differentiate them in the market Anticipates business and regulatory issues; recommends product, process or service improvements when needed. Leadership Leads projects with notable risk and complexity; develops the strategy for project execution Problem Solving Solves unique and complex problems with broad impact on the business; requires conceptual and innovative thinking to develop solutions Impact Impacts the direction and resource allocation for program, project or services; works within general functional policies and industry guidelines Interpersonal Skills Communicates complex ideas, anticipates potential objections and persuades others, often at senior levels, to adopt a different point of view Team player, being able to work in cross-functional team in dynamic work environment. Strong analytical skills, fast learning, and result oriented. Self-motivated and able to work with minimum guidance. Qualifications Functional Knowledge/Requirements Hands-on in metrology and/or inspection focused technology products GUI and object-oriented programming is a big plus. Strong background in statistical signal processing and analysis Strong background in image processing 5+ years of experience in design & development (Matlab, Python or similar tools) of Machine Learning algorithms Experience in algorithm implementation (C++) on embedded platforms is preferred. Proven analytical abilities to derive verifiable conclusions (simulate models) from large amounts of real-world data Deep understanding of theory and experiment Regarded as the technical expert in their field Demonstrates in-depth and/or breadth of expertise in own discipline and broad knowledge of other disciplines within the team Education MS/PhD degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Physics or relevant fields Applied Materials is committed to diversity in its workforce including Equal Employment Opportunity for Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities. Primary Location : Americas-United States of America-California- CA,Santa Clara Job : Engineering Shift : Day Job Travel : No Posting Type : Internal / External Relocation Package : No Relocation