Business Intelligence Solutions Architect Who we are lululemon is a yoga-inspired technical apparel company up to big things. The practice and philosophy of yoga informs our overall purpose to elevate the world through the power of practice. We are proud to be a growing global company with locations all around the world, from Vancouver to Shanghai, and places in between. We owe our success to our innovative product, our emphasis on our stores, our commitment to our people, and the incredible connections we get to make in every community we are in. About this team Design Analytic solutions for multiple Lines of Business in lululemon, working with End Users, DW/BI Product management and Engineering teams. Deeply understands business and technical needs, develop solutions that make the best use of On Prem, Cloud platform and Analytics Services. Collaborate with Security, Infrastructure and support teams to ensure success and power insights leading to business outcomes. A day in the life: Identifying and applying architecture patterns, document solution approaches, document selection criteria, help in scoping, planning, estimating and implementation of multiple projects Partner with vendors in creation/approving Statements-of-Work for implementations Mentor delivery teams on adopting new ideas/technologies Recommend and standup new reporting infrastructure and processes to best manage performance, scalability and security needs Review/build source to target mappings, Integration options and build reports/dashboards Qualifications: 10+ years of demonstrated deep understanding and experience with data warehouses and business intelligence applications. Candidate must demonstrate skills in Data Warehouse Schema Design, Query Tuning and Optimization, and Data Migration and Integration. Hands-on experience with MPP solutions like (Netezza,Teradata,Snowflake). AWS or Azure experience. 10+ years experience with the analytics presentation layer (Dashboards, Reporting, and OLAP) is expected. Hands-on with Power BI, knowledge of QlikView also preferred. Deep knowledge of building cubes, trade offs between different architectural patterns. Experience designing for performance and scalability to meet growing BI needs. 5+ years with Retail industry knowledge, working across multiple formats of retailing.Knowledge of business operations, KPI definition, applied analytics in Retail, Merchandising and Supply Chain. Working knowledge of Merchandising/Planning systems( Oracle RMS, RPAS etc), Supply Chain ( Manhattan WMS), Order Management ( Sterling/ATG) 2+ Years with building/migrating solutions to cloud. ( Exposure to AWS/Azure, leveraging cloud tools like Terraform) 2+ Years experience building International operations analytics, country specific data/privacy laws, multi currency compliance reporting Broad background in database, Reporting and analytics technologies, including Relational, NoSQL, MPP systems, R, Python BS level technical degree required; Computer Science or Math background preferred. Desired: Possesses an entrepreneurial spirit and continuously innovates to achieve great results. Communicates with honesty and kindness, and creates the space for others to do the same. Leads with courage, knowing the possibility of greatness is bigger than the fear of failure. Fosters connection by putting people first and building trusting relationships. Integrates fun and joy as a way of being and working, aka doesn’t take themselves too seriously. _NOTE: Only those applicants under consideration will be contacted. Please accept our utmost appreciation for your interest. lululemon is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Employment decisions are based on merit and business needs, and not on race, color, creed, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, military service, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions or any other classification protected by federal, state or provincial and local laws and ordinances. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This Equal Employment Opportunity policy applies to all practices relating to recruitment and hiring, compensation, benefits, discipline, transfer, termination and all other terms and conditions of employment. While management is primarily responsible for seeing that lululemon equal employment opportunity policies are implemented, you share in the responsibility for assuring that, by your_ _personal actions, the policies are effective._ Job : Information Technology Organization : Store Support Center Schedule : : Full-time Unposting Date : Ongoing