Sr. Analyst, BI & Analytics Our Corporate Solutions Group is currently seeking a Sr. Analyst, BI & Analytics. This is a great opportunity for an analytically minded individual willing to learn multiple service lines and influence the decision-making process. This role is critical to the success of the client relationship in driving performance management, process improvement and innovation thru fact- based decision making. We are seeking candidates that are self-starters who can work in a diverse and fast-paced environment that can join our team immediately. The Sr. Analyst, BI & Analytics is charged with a wide variety of tasks. You’ll need to have a great knowledge of Business Intelligence and be fluent in Technology. Strong applicants will have a robust skill set comprised of experience with BI tools, languages, and data interpretation. Both visual and verbal presentation skills will be essential. To be successful in this role, you should be a confident professional with broad skills in analyzing and solving complex business problems, writing and presenting, facilitating and influencing. This includes being able to extrapolate data and be able to forecast and trending of performance data, as well as analyze trends for performance improvement concepts and develop automated tools and dashboards to provide real-time insights to business data. You should be able to devise and promote creative data visualization to derive actionable intelligence and formulate process mapping and efficiency analyses. This person will also be charged with effective daily coordination, support, and administration of the account SharePoint and innovation tracker, as well as other technology tools to support daily operations and long-term strategizing. Additional activities may include but are not limited to, functional reporting, business presentations, risk management, requirements gathering, process documentation, data collection, and maintenance of department databases. What are we looking for? BI Know-How Fluency in reporting, analytics, data modeling, and supporting technology Develop, test, implement, present, and continuously improve BI solutions Partner with business leaders to understand and refine requirements Deliver enhanced insights to business partners and clients Demonstrated experience and proficiency with standard analytical, reporting and programming languages and their application (such as Tableau, Power BI, SQL, SAS, R) Proper Training and Experience Bachelor’s degree required, topics of Business, Computer Science, Engineering, Finance, Information Systems, Mathematics, Project Management, Real Estate, Statistics, or related field preferred 2-4 years of practical experience in business intelligence and/or financial analysis Experience in real estate, operations, construction, or property management preferred Tech Savvy Act as Program Manager for technology, BI, Data, performance initiatives at the account level. Support the enhancement of technology and tools for account use. Play appropriate role relative to information security compliance for all JLL technology, account and platform implementations and client compliance. Support JLL BI initiatives and drive/culture shift for JLL to become a data-driven organization Comfortable using software to support account solutions and communicate high-tech ideas to the team A high level of expertise and mastery with the Microsoft Office suite is required, especially proficiency in Microsoft Excel, SharePoint, and PowerPoint Consolidate data in attractive, interesting PowerPoint presentations Quick learner, able to understand and integrate new technologies at a fast pace Innovative Mindset Six Sigma certification or other certifications/experience related to process improvement is favorable Develop, test, implement, present, and continuously improve business and operations processes Self-starter, with a curious mindset, always eager to learn and bring new ideas to the table for innovative solutions Positive outlook, able to promote other people’s ideas and team success Flexible and Communicative Requires excellent communication skills to provide tech training to the account and give presentations as needed Confidence interacting with senior management, both internal and external Work independently, multi-task, and manage time to meet deadlines Ability to reorganize time and priorities to match the team’s changing necessities and requests Appreciation for diversity and supportive, positive attitude Sound like a fit? By joining us, you’ll join an entrepreneurial, inclusive culture; one where we succeed together and achieve great things – across the desk and around the globe. Our Total Rewards program reflects our commitment to helping you achieve your ambitions in career, recognition, well-being, benefits, and pay. We’ll offer you a competitive salary and benefits package. With us, you’ll develop your strengths and enjoy a career full of varied experiences. We can’t wait to see where your ambitions take you at JLL. _JLL Is an Equal Opportunity Employer_ _JLL is committed to developing and maintaining a diverse workforce. JLL strongly believes in equal opportunity extended to all individuals in all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, transfer, discipline, layoff, recall and termination without regard to race, color, religion, belief, creed, age, sex, pregnancy or maternity (including childbirth and related conditions), family responsibility (e.g. child care, elder care), nationality, ethnic or national origin or ancestry, citizenship, marital status, civil partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, veteran’s status, genetic information, trade union membership, social position, political view or status as a qualified individual with a disability, protected leave status or any other protected characteristic in accordance with applicable law. The company also endeavors to make reasonable accommodations for known physical or mental limitations of otherwise qualified employees and applicants with disabilities unless the accommodations would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business and ensures that employment decisions are based only on valid job requirements._ _For employees in the United States, please see a fully copy of our Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy at_ _https://jll2.sharepoint.com/CorporatePolicies/HR%20Policies/Equal%20Employment%20Opportunity%20and%20Affirmative%20Action.pdf_ _._