At OnDeck, we make small business a big deal. We’re improving the world’s economic landscape by changing the way small businesses access capital. We care intensely about each other, our company and the customers we serve, and are committed to making every day count. Are you looking for an opportunity to promote learning, exercise creativity every day, and work with amazing people? The Learning Team is dedicated to advancing and developing skills and behaviors that will enable our team members to achieve the goals set by organization, team, and individual. The Learning Specialist reports to the Senior Manager of Learning under the People Operations Department. The Learning Specialist will quickly establish trust with multiple influencers in the organization. This role will be a hybrid that includes instructional designer/developer, consultant, and coordinator. We are looking for an engaging professional that can easily connect with executives, team members, and vendors. This is someone that will be trusted to lead meetings with VP’s or Directors – evaluating their needs and pitching a learning program that exceeds their expectations. They will need to be flexible, organized, and focused. Most importantly, they need to be a self-starter that knows how to establish a vision and execute. A typical week You will manage the “learning funnel” along with your team members. The learning funnel includes analysis, design, development, implementation, and evaluation. Your week will include designing and fine-tuning curriculum, leading workshops, providing status updates to stakeholders, leading needs assessments, and evaluating surveys and feedback from previous sessions. You will also work closely with your People Operations team members to build strategies that help advance our people, teams, and company goals. The qualities this person will need to thrive in this role: Utilizes creativity to solve problems and design solutions Adapts well to change Loves to build a plan and work the plan Lifelong learner that stays curious and seeks answers Engaging and friendly Responsibilities: Evaluate learning technology platforms so you can recommend and help implement solutions that meet the needs of the learner. Cultivate a network of “on the job” trainers that can co-facilitate existing functional training. Facilitate or co-facilitate high visibility learning experiences (leadership training, goal-setting) Evaluate legacy manager training programs and work with your team to update, remove, and enhance. Establish a regular cadence of core training programs around management, leadership, and critical thinking. Build out and maintain a network of contractors that can facilitate, design, and develop content. Deep dive into our current programs, provide recommendations where it can be improved and share some of best practices. Partner with subject matter experts within the organization to help turn their knowledge into interactive and engaging learning experiences. For example, working with an in-house expert in small business consulting or negotiation to help consult them on how to reach a wider audience. Regularly analyze survey data, share insights with stakeholders, and adjust as needed. Leverage learning resources like associations, conferences, and articles to stay current with learning trends. Ability to learn about business challenges and align a learning solution that can help address those challenges. Necessary Qualifications for Success: Bachelor’s degree Prior experience in a learning and development, teaching, or instructional designer/developer role. Experience designing and developing blended learning programs. Experience facilitating training to groups that range in size from 3-30. General knowledge and understanding of learning management systems. Instructional Design/Development: Provide examples of a course or program you designed and developed and provide an explanation of what needed to be addressed, the outcomes, and what you learned from the experience. Visual Design: Demonstrate the ability to organize text and graphics in a pleasing, purposeful way, that adheres to brand guidelines. Survey design and analytics: Able to write a relevant post-training survey, execute, analyze the results and present recommendations Ability to facilitate needs assessments at all levels of the organization. Ability to create workbooks, supplements, and PowerPoint decks that are simple, clean, and purposeful. Ability to author online self-paced learning content. Nice-to-haves: Industry: Experience working in a high growth medium-sized company. Experience as an administrator of a learning management system. (Examples include Lessonly, Cornerstone, Bridge, Docebo) Ownership: Experience running a learning program from implementation to evaluation. About OnDeck: As the largest online small business lender in the U.S. serving more than 700 different industries, we have been trusted by over 80,000 small businesses by providing them with a term loan or line of credit to help them build growing and thriving enterprises. Since 2007, we’ve issued over $8 billion in capital. Join us as we enable small businesses to achieve their goals. At OnDeck, we’re reinventing small business financing. We care intensely about each other, our company and the customers we serve, and are committed to making every day count. We are small enough to be nimble and strong enough to make a big impact. Benefits for you: OnDeck believes that each and every team member plays an important role in our company’s success. That’s why we strive to provide you and your family with a competitive and comprehensive benefit program with a variety of options and opportunities. We offer: Generous Vacation Comprehensive Healthcare Educational Reimbursement 401k Matching Parental Leave Sports Teams Stocked Kitchens Loan Consolidation We are going to ask you to talk about your accomplishments. Here are some of ours: WorldatWork, 2017 Seal of Distinction Fortune 50 Best Workplaces for Diversity, 2016 Fortune 50 Best Small and Medium Companies to Work For, 2016 Fortune 30 Best Workplaces in Finance and Insurance, 2016 Built in Colorado, Top 100 Digital Companies in Colorado, 2015, 2016, 2017 Crain’s New York Business Fast 50, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 Fortune and Great Place to Work 100 Best Workplaces for Millennials, 2015 Fortune/Great Place To Work Great Rated! People’s Picks: 20 Great Workplaces in Financial Services, 2015 Crain’s New York Best Places to Work, 2013, 2014, 2015 Colorado SHRM Best Companies to Work For in Colorado, 2015 Forbes’ America’s Most Promising Companies, 2013, 2014 Selling Power Magazine Best Company to Sell For, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 500|5000, 2013, 2014 As part of our dedication to maintaining an inclusive and diverse workforce, OnDeck provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, OnDeck complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. OnDeck expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of OnDeck’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge. No external recruiters or agents, please.