Job Description Act as key focal point for the following activities, working effectively with colleagues based in all locations: Risk management information analytics and reporting: reporting, management information and analysis across STn businesses and across different risks pillars including contributing to the ERM roadmap, including the development of new reports as required, the development of effective Key Performance Indicator (KPI) reporting all on a global basis, and the development of effective risk management information analysis for monitoring and managing the STn portfolio expected credit loss (ECL), risk/return, Value at Risk (VaR) and other risk metrics. Risk management data management: ensure data integrity and success of information analytics by managing the system interfaces between all the STn systems [ETRM and ERP]. Ensure T&S is maximizing the functionality of existing systems (currently 21+). Quantitative modelling, provide support to front office and global risk teams with respect to quantitative models, including model reviews, development and standardization. Develop, calculate and validate the daily statistical/risk analytics for various deal types in global crude trading and risk management - emphasis on option modeling and time series analysis Utilize analytical and quantitative methodologies for daily risk monitoring, financial and transactional modeling and valuation Perform scenario analysis, stress testing, and back testing of models to assess the impact of commodity price movements potential future exposure, credit risk metrics, and liquidity risks, gross margin at risk, and support regulatory and compliance requests Validate and maintain asset valuation models. Develop models for long and short-term price volatility of market curves to support portfolio valuation and management decisions. Work with the front office and originators to interpret and analyze complex risks of the business portfolio, including long term structured contracts, to determine the appropriate modeling to ensure accurate valuation and risk assessment Research and monitor industry best practices and apply quantitative and statistical techniques to assist in the development of effective risk limits Ability to lead and mentor peers on quantitative concepts, developing a more technical skill set within the team. Take a leadership role in communicating and supporting positions to various stakeholders• Systems process excellence: data integrity and success of information analytics by managing the system interfaces between all the STn systems [ETRM and ERP]. Automation: continued focus to implement and expand on the use of report and systems scripting tools such as Automate (or similar) License to Operate, business critical reporting and regulatory mandated reporting are completed; ensure backup and contingency planning for data, systems and reporting Knowledge retention and continuous improvement: responsible for embedding knowledge retention and business value retention through the business intelligence processes Country of Work Location United States City, State (if applicable) Houston, TX Work Location Houston - One Thousand Main Company Description Shell is a global group of energy and petrochemicals companies with over 90,000 employees in more than 70 countries and territories. In the US, we have operated for over a century and are a major oil and gas producer onshore and in the Gulf of Mexico, a recognized innovator in exploration and production technology, and a leading manufacturer and marketer of fuels, natural gas and petrochemicals. We deliver energy responsibly; operate safely with respect to our neighbours and work to minimize our environmental impact. We are in search of remarkable people who will thrive in a diverse and inclusive work environment to deliver exciting projects locally and globally. People who are passionate about exploring new frontiers. Innovators and pioneers. People with the drive to help shape our future. Because remarkable people achieve remarkable things. Requirements Must have legal authorization to work in the US on a full-time basis for anyone other than current employer. Bachelor's Degree required in Math statistics, physics, engineering, computer science, economics, finance or a related major required M.S. or Ph.D. in Math, statistics, physics, engineering, computer science, economics, finance, or operation research is preferred Minimum five (5+) years Modeling, Financial Analytical and Reporting experience required. Trading knowledge and exposure a plus CFA or GARP preferred Work effectively with other parts of finance, especially the Finance Managers, Finance Operations and other Risk and Compliance teams, such that Credit is perceived by Commercial as part of a coherent "finance voice". Expected to quickly grasp and develop understanding of databases, query language and business intelligence visualization tools such as Qlikview or Spotfire. Working independently despite other team members being based outside of London and help to form a strong sense of being part of a single team across global boundaries. No. of Positions 1 Disclaimer Please note: We occasionally amend or withdraw Shell jobs and reserve the right to do so at any time, including prior to the advertised closing date. Before applying, you are advised to read our data protection policy. This policy describes the processing that may be associated with your personal data and informs you that your personal data may be transferred to Royal Dutch/Shell Group companies around the world. The Shell Group and its approved recruitment consultants will never ask you for a fee to process or consider your application for a career with Shell. Anyone who demands such a fee is not an authorised Shell representative and you are strongly advised to refuse any such demand. Shell participates in E-Verify. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, citizenship, genetic information or other protected status under federal, state or local laws. Shell is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability. Job Expires 07-Sep-2018