Role: Inside Sales Rep Title: Admissions Consultant Description of Role: Yup is an EdTech company focused on educating and empowering students through one-on-one learning. Our first product is a text based homework help solution for math, physics and chemistry. The role of an Admissions Consultant is to educate, inspire and skillfully guide potential Yup Families through the full Sales cycle. To accomplish this you will be expected to interact with customers over phone and email to schedule sales calls, qualify leads and close the sale. As an Admissions Consultant you will have the incredible opportunity to advise discerning families from all over the US, while honing your abilities in lead qualification and objection handling. The expectation is that members of the sales team will quickly become experts in our products as well as the broader education landscape, while also developing the acumen needed to excel as a future sales leader. The sales team will be a critical piece in the company’s overall success as we move forward so it is important that we as a company all work together to help Yup products affect & enrich more lives every day. Requirements: Experience Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience Skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Positive and energetic phone skills, excellent listening skills Excellent time management skills Highly organized and capable of working as a team player in a collaborative startup environment Other Never-fail attitude in the face of adversity, ambiguous situations and/or a lack of managerial oversight Proactive and self-motivated to independently do what is in the company’s best interests Legal right to work in the United States Nice to haves: 1-3+ years of inside sales/telesales experience (Consumer sales and/or education experience preferred) Experience using CRM software, ideally SalesForce Highly proficient at Google Business Suite Logistics: Expected hours: 9am - 6pm, Monday-Friday. Hours may vary depending on territory assignments. Some weekend hours may be required Location: San Francisco (SoMA) No relocation offered Compensation: Competitive base salary: $75K OTE Accelerators applied for exceeding targets Equity for all full-time employees Medical, dental and vision insurance Company sponsored lunches, dinners + unlimited drinks and snacks About the Company: Yup.com is an education technology company founded by Stanford University graduates. Our focus is on advancing education through 1:1 learning. Our homework help program (Yup) provides students with 1:1 tutoring support for Math and Science over our secure mobile app. Yup differentiates itself from other online tutoring services by providing unmatched convenience - 24/7 tutoring available for students on-demand - and a focus on student learning. Yup tutors are trained on a system of teaching that helps students build confidence and achieve mastery learning rather than providing students with easy answers. Students/Parents purchase unlimited access to our platform by selecting either a 3 month or 12 month package, sold to parents over the phone.