The Lead Cloud Architect is responsible for analyzing existing applications and developing new technology solutions, consolidating applications or replacing applications related directly to Cloud-oriented Penn Medicine environments, particularly those for the Perelman School. He or she ensures convergence between current and future business needs and technologies by establishing architectural guidelines, enterprise conceptual data models, service-oriented environments, and service interfaces. In addition, the Lead Cloud Architect is responsible for developing the Architecture Roadmap for the research enterprise Cloud usage, for defining Patterns & Best Practices for system implementations, and for providing Governance over development and implementation activities. Main Accountabilities: Analyze, define and maintain Cloud application and data technical architectures. Develop cloud/hybrid cloud technology road maps for the application architecture and development groups. Determine the appropriate architecture strategy for business specific vs. standard technologies. Participate in defining future state research application architectures through the evaluation, selection and integration of necessary technical components to create solution designs that support the defined functional and non-functional requirements. Provide “technical” leadership to development staff, as required. Ensure that designed or reviewed solutions conform to architectural requirements such as scalability, maintainability, reliability, extensibility, usability and security. Define Cloud data and technology synergies with upstream and/or downstream applications to maximize usage and value of systems and data. Collaborate with Penn Medicine information security and compliance teams to deliver the appropriate security and compliance profiles for a diverse Cloud user base. Performs duties in accordance with Penn Medicine and entity values, policies, and procedures Other duties as assigned to support the unit, department, entity, and health system organization Minimum Requirements : Education/Experience: Bachelor's Degree required in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or similar field. 7+ years’ experience leading complex technical cloud applications projects. Master's Degree preferred in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or similar field; and 7+ years’ experience leading complex technical cloud applications projects and integrations. Required Skills and Abilities: Understanding of complexities of the Cloud and analytical computing domains, data structures and standards, controlled vocabularies, and secure multitenant application requirements. Ability to manage projects from inception to successful implementation. Ability to work in ambiguous and dynamic environments, meeting obscure and changing client and organizational application and data requirements. Ability to work within deadlines and with multiple priorities; ability to adapt to changing priorities. Must have advanced experience working with Microsoft AZURE cloud technologies. Preferred Skills and Abilities: Familiarity with the scientific/research process. Working knowledge of AWS cloud technologies. Additional Information : We believe that the best care for our patients starts with the best care for our employees. Our employee benefits programs help our employees get healthy and stay healthy. We offer a comprehensive compensation and benefits program that includes one of the finest prepaid tuition assistance programs in the region. Penn Medicine employees are actively engaged and committed to our mission. Together we will continue to make medical advances that help people live longer, healthier lives. Penn Medicine http://www.pennmedicine.org/careers/ Live Your Life's Work EOE/AA, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran We are an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. Candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, marital status, familial status, genetic information, domestic or sexual violence victim status, citizenship status, military status, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by applicable law.