Director, Analytics & Data Operations 18WD29541 Americas-United States of America-California-San Francisco Director, Analytics & Data Operations Location: San Francisco, CA- United States Job ID: 18WD29541 Position Overview Our Global Sales Operations team defines Autodesk’s go-to-market strategy and designs the systems that make it run efficiently. We work on exciting and meaningful projects that impact all functions of our business. As a leader on our team you will be constantly learning. You will tackle complex projects and questions and partner closely with our Marketing, Sales, Customer Success teams to build powerful analytical tools. As we grow and scale our business, we are seeking a leader who can define, scale, and deliver on the analytics and insights necessary to drive the business. The role will span high-level strategy to aspects of everyday sales tactics; you will work closely with senior executives to achieve consensus on key issues and have the opportunity to hire and manage a team of analysts, while simultaneously figuring out how to string together a complicated dataset to provide predictive learning capabilities. Responsibilities Create an advocate for a true vision around analytics and how it will fuel our sales growth Grow, expand, and govern the use of Salesforce Einstein Analytics Construct and automate dashboards for key performance metrics around pipeline, account management, and forecasting Create executive presentations for Autodesk sales leadership Build sales tools and integrate others, such as buyer readiness and early warning signals Be on point for Salesforce customer data quality (Account and Opportunity assignments) and data operations Perform ad hoc analysis across multiple data sets, including Salesforce, Marketo, product databases and more Be a primary liaison and collaborator with other Autodesk data teams, including our Enterprise Data Management and Finance organizations Develop and lead a growing team of talented analytical people! Minimum Qualifications 7-10 years of experience in an analytical role within a technology business. Preference for Sales Strategy, Business Intelligence/Analytics, Management Consulting Bachelor's degree; MBA a plus Preferred Qualifications Superb analytical skills, technical aptitude and attention to detail Exposure to, and proficiency in, Salesforce.com Experience with SQL, Tableau, Looker, Qlik and/(or similar analytical packages) Excellent and diverse communication and project management abilities Extensive track record of building high-quality and complex spreadsheets, models and presentations Interest in the SaaS/CRM/Collaboration industry and an appreciation for Quip's approach to the market About Autodesk With Autodesk software, you have the power to Make Anything. The future of making is here, bringing with it radical changes in the way things are designed, made, and used. It’s disrupting every industry: architecture, engineering, and construction; manufacturing; and media and entertainment. With the right knowledge and tools, this disruption is your opportunity. Our software is used by everyone - from design professionals, engineers and architects to digital artists, students and hobbyists. We constantly explore new ways to integrate all dimensions of diversity across our employees, customers, partners, and communities. Our ultimate goal is to expand opportunities for anyone to imagine, design, and make a better world. LI-POST At Autodesk, we're building a diverse workplace and an inclusive culture to give more people the chance to imagine, design, and make a better world.