We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the Role As the Verint System Administrator, you will ensure that Verint (workforce management scheduling software) is used in a standard way across Uber Centers of Excellence and Greenlight Hubs. You will be the primary point of contact between Verint and Uber regarding support, ensuring problems are solved on a timely basis. You will also work with different WFM Teams to help on configuration issues and spreading best practices across the teams. The role is also responsible for the reporting data from the system and will guarantee reporting is accurate and meaningful. This position assists technical and project team members to resolve system problems and application-specific issues. This role supports the stability, availability, and performance of enterprise systems and provides first and second level support for enterprise systems. What You’ll Do Responsible for ongoing maintenance of Verint, supporting several sites across the globe. Manage the support contract between Verint and Uber, escalating issues when SLAs are not met Ensure the system maintenances and dowtimes are well documented and communicated. Be the subject matter expert for configuration, helping WFM teams to configure shifts, work patterns, rotations, etc., making sure standards are enforced Help reporting teams to extract meaningful data from the system, automating reporting as much as possible Ensure integrations between Verint and other systems work and that data is consistent Troubleshooting any issues with or enhancements to Verint and coordinating with the applicable parties to ensure the proper resolutions are met in a timely manner Setup user access to systems and/or services. Creates and updates profiles, permissions, and maintains user accounts Works with internal IT support and vendor technical support, as needed Global support will require flexible working hours Up to 25% travel What You’ll Need College degree (business, math, and statistics) or comparable work experience A minimum of 3 year call center experience and 2 years WFM experience is expected, but we will consider candidates with less experience if they meet our other requirements Workforce Management experience including implementation, ongoing maintenance of schedules and staffing database, and the development of ad-hoc reports Extensive experience with WFM Software (Verint, IEX, Aspect, etc.) Experience in managing technical vendors Ability to understand, analyze and report on call center metrics Proficient in MS Excel Strong organizational skills and the ability to prioritize workload, meet deadlines and perform multiple tasks with attention to detail in a challenging, fast-paced, shifting-priority environment Must be able to provide leadership and direction to mission control and scheduling analysts to drive efficiency and optimize service delivery About the Team At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners—our community—is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way. The Workforce Management team is committed to building a global network that provides our community with a seamless, prompt, and complete resolution to their concerns - every time.