Do you want to change the world? We do, too. The energy market is roughly $4 trillion globally, and solar penetration is less than 1%. But just one hour of sunlight, if harnessed, could power the entire world for a year. We have the opportunity to completely change the way energy is produced, distributed and consumed on a global scale, and we’re looking for talented, committed people to help us drive our growth and achieve our goals. SunPower is a global solar energy solutions company with a rich heritage of pioneering the best energy technologies in the world. Our solutions are unrivaled in terms of long-term reliability, efficiency and guaranteed performance, and our company is unmatched in terms of global reach and scale. Through design, manufacturing, installation and ongoing maintenance and monitoring, SunPower provides its proprietary, world-record efficient solar technology to residential, commercial and utility customers worldwide. SunPower is changing the way our world is powered every day with a brilliant, passionate and driven team of more than 7,000 in North America, Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia. In an industry that is reshaping the world’s energy future, there’s no better place to be than SunPower. We believe that our employees create our brand – with each project, each communication, each task completed and each interaction. Experience is critical to SunPower in regards to not only our customers but also our employees and dealer partners. As such, we strive to hire candidates that are service focused. The experience we would expect the ideal person to deliver is: Full-Stack Developer DESCRIPTION SunPower Corporation is seeking a full stack developer to enhance and maintain sales software for the residential workstream. This role will report directly to the head of the sales scrum team. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following (other duties may be assigned): Responsible for the development of Sales application to enable a world-class residential software suite. Partner with the product management team and peers to define application roadmap to ensure a scalable and effective residential application infrastructure. Work with product owners to ensure that relevant information systems serve the business needs effectively. RELATED EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Minimum requirements: Bachelor’s degree and 2+ years of related experience OR equivalent combination of education and yearsof related experience Preferred requirements: Understanding of object-oriented concepts, abstraction/inheritance, as well as experience with object-oriented languages. HTML5/CSS experience, ability to work with and write custom css framework expansions is a plus. Python, React.js and Ruby experience. Must be a creative thinker and can recognize and solve problems by thinking outside the box. Ability to discuss and debate all options to achieve the optimal solution. Strong analytical skills and attention to detail. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Fun to work with and sense of humor appreciated. Familiarity with building and using REST APIs Ideal Personal Characteristics: Excellent organizational skills. Self-motivated with the ability to work independently with minimal supervision. Hands-on experience with all aspects of the project lifecycle, including detailed deliverable development as well as team management at all levels. OTHER PERTINENT INFORMATION Candidate must be legally entitled to work and reside in the United States Position located in Richmond, CA or San Jose, CA LI-CB Equal Employment Opportunity The Company is an equal employment opportunity employer and makes employment decisions, including but not limited to, hiring, firing, promotion, demotion, training, and/or compensation, on the basis of merit. Employment decisions are based on an individual’s qualifications as they relate to the job under consideration. The Company’s policy prohibits unlawful discrimination based on sex (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions, the actual sex of the individual, or the gender identity or gender expression), race, color, religion, including religious dress practices and religious grooming practices, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status, familial status, age, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected veteran or military status, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws, ordinances, or regulations. The Company is committed to complying with all applicable laws providing equal employment opportunities. This commitment applies to all persons involved in the operations of the Company and prohibits unlawful discrimination by any employee of the Company, including supervisors and co-workers. EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled SunPower Supports EEO Accommodation for Applicants to SunPower Corporation SunPower Corporation is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need a reasonable accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following alternative email address to contact us about your interest in employment at SunPower Corporation: jobs@sunpower.com. Please indicate in the subject that line of your email that you are requesting accommodation. Only candidates being considered for a position who require an accommodation will receive a follow-up response.