Business Analyst - Strategy \- (BOS-RCM-18402) About the role: Business Analyst for an opportunity at Abcam, a leading life science company, in our Cambridge (UK), Cambridge (MA, USA) or Burlingame (CA, USA) offices. This position will work within an exciting multi-disciplinary team of scientific and commercial experts to develop new research tools for use by life scientists worldwide. This role will work closely with technical, financial, and commercial experts, as well as other internal stakeholders, to ensure strategy project success. The goals are to (1) collect and analyze data to evaluate existing and potential business opportunities and (2) assist in team strategy content generation for internal and external deliverables. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Conduct market analyses to support strategic and operational decision-making and assess outcomes Provide analysis and reports on team projects to ensure milestones and deliverables will be met Develop and manage communications within the strategy group to assist in preparing team deliverables Design metrics and tracking tools Support deal negotiations with third party partners Develop in-depth knowledge of the market, industry, and potential clients MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 2 years in management consulting OR 3-5 years of experience in synthetic biology, chemicals, or related industries OR over 2 years of Project Management/ Program Management / Product Management Above-average analytical and modeling skills and market research capability PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Knowledge of experience in Synthetic Biology, Gene Editing Field, or CRISPR-related applications Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail Excellent written and verbal communication skills Proven ability to work effectively in cross-functional teams Excellent interpersonal skills and team Looking for an energetic team addressing new opportunities and building new products Ability to work independently as well as part of a team Ideal candidate will be self-motivated, detail-orientated, and able to multi-task About Us Ever since 1998, when our founder, Jonathan Milner, started selling antibodies from the back of his bike, Abcam has aimed to help scientific researchers make breakthroughs faster. We now have offices and labs in the UK, the US, China and Japan, and as we continue to grow, we remain ambitious, driven by our customers’ success and their research needs. It’s our goal to provide a world-standard in protein research tools, technical support and delivery. When you join Abcam, you’ll join a global business with the passion and the vision to become the most influential company, and, best- loved brand in life sciences. Our culture is our key differentiator. We believe in empowering individuals, with responsibility given at an early stage. The working environment is fun and fast-paced, collaborative and outcome focused, with a strong customer focus. In addition to competitive salaries, we can offer an attractive flexible benefits package which includes share options, a culture focused on well-being and opportunities for growth and development. Abcam is an Equal Opportunity Employer and makes all employment decisions without regard to age, national origin, race, ethnicity, religion, creed, gender, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Primary Location US-MA-Cambridge Work Locations Boston 1 Kendall Square Suite B2304 Cambridge 02139-1517 Job Marketing Organization Boston Schedule Regular Standard Job Type Full-time Travel Yes, 10 % of the Time Job Posting Aug 6, 2018, 9:43:29 AM