If you have talent, initiative, and a desire to join a thriving global company with a wealth of career opportunities, you can make a world of a difference at Donaldson, a leading provider of filtration solutions. Our culture is based on the strong values of integrity, respect, and commitment. Click on this link to learn more about a career at Donaldson: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6a-zT-o8VeY How you will bring value to Donaldson: As an Engineer at Donaldson Company, you will not only play a part in creating products that impact lives, but also provide value and direction for the filtration industry. You will be responsible for projects that help us work towards our aggressive company growth goals. Donaldson possesses great industry breadth and diversity of products, which affords great flexibility in growing your career as you gain engineering experience. In this role you will work with culinary steam, sterile air and liquid filtration products and systems, as part of our Process Filtration group serving the food and beverage industries. Completion of new product/change request lifecycle: Manage workflow of change orders/new product requests from inquiry to saleable item Work cross-functionally with product management, engineering, and manufacturing to complete required processes and communicate deliverables, timeline, and cost expectations Ability to understand relevant industry standards, guidelines, and requirements such as ASME, CRN, ASME BPE, 3-A Use CAD software to create approval/ record/sales drawings as well as assemblies for use in marketing publications. Application and sizing of product: Act as a subject matter expert to support internal/external sales opportunities Choose product lines and size installations to meet customer requirements and solve customer problems while providing the lowest cost of ownership. Understand and communicate the performance and economic benefits of Donaldson technologies. Suggest alternatives or improvements to meet demands for time, cost, or purpose. Perform lab-scale testing of customer process fluids in order to make best recommendation of full-scale sale. Support sales through: Create and deliver training materials and presentations for internal and external audiences, in-person and/or via web/conference call Contribute technical content for use in Instruction/Operating Manuals and Technical Data Sheets. Identify, define, and help resolve quality issues with nonconforming products Participate in technology discovery and new product development by cording with Donaldson labs to measure performance and set benchmarks Candidates most successful in this role possess: Bachelor’s degree in Engineering required Experience working with CAD software required. Minimum 2 years related professional engineering experience. Strong presentation skills and ability to communicate a all levels. Demonstrated mechanical and technical understanding. Demonstrated project management skills Ability to create innovative new products incorporating the VOC. Strong leadership skills and ability to influence others Demonstrated flexibility when managing through competing projects and priorities. Filtration knowledge/experience a plus Experience in food/beverage manufacturing a plus Ability to travel up to 20% Follow Us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/donaldson/