When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. Our Consumer & Community Banking Group depends on innovators like you to serve nearly 66 million consumers and over 4 million small businesses, municipalities and non-profits. You’ll support the delivery of award winning tools and services that cover everything from personal and small business banking as well as lending, mortgages, credit cards, payments, auto finance and investment advice. This group is also focused on developing and delivering cutting edged mobile applications, digital experiences and next generation banking technology solutions to better serve our clients and customers. Description: We are recruiting a Project Associate to join our dynamic and innovative team committed to helping Digital teams ship quality software that matters. The candidate will support the Digital Excellence and Enablement team in the full spectrum of learning and talent management activities, to ensure flawless program coordination, administration and execution. Working in close partnership with internal and external stakeholders to ensure the successful delivery of projects, the successful candidate must be professional, confident and have experience with the end-to-end organization and execution of multiple events. Key Responsibilities: Training Needs Analysis: Partner with Digital- Technology Leads, Business, HR and CAO & Technology Training colleagues to assess and document the ongoing learning needs Relationship/Stakeholder Management: Interact with internal stakeholders, vendors and employees as a representative of the Digital Academy. Conduct briefings, facilitate events and open sessions where appropriate. Identify and prepare local speakers, schedule classes, networking events etc. Marketing and Training Communication: Draft and communicate announcements. Create and manage calendar invites, and manage trainee inquiries. Monitor class enrollment, ensuring optimal number of participants Training Event logistics support: Ensure end-to-end training logistics support. Room reservations and logistics requirements, multimedia setup, and conference and event management. Handle on-ground classroom management (materials, room set-up / facilities), and manage virtual training events, travelling to external training locations where required Vendor/Presenter support: Communicate with vendors/presenters to ensure successful delivery. May include training venue and location details, flight and accommodation arrangements. Arrange vendors’ building/security access etc. Course Packaging & Delivery: Effectively coordinate, package and facilitate (if necessary) all aspects of the new hire induction and key courses from Digital Academy curriculum using multiple delivery methods (in-person, virtual and video etc.) Evaluation: Track and communicate results of training feedback from delegates, identify areas for improvement and implement appropriate solutions. Qualifications: Communication Strong verbal and written English skills Can communicate effectively with various stakeholders across the globe Open-minded and active listener, can pull inputs and different perspectives from others Ability to provide constructive feedback to all levels (peers and managers) Ability to tailor communication dependent on audience Design-orientated; focused not only on the message, but how it’s delivered Strong presentation skills; comfortable presenting in front of large audiences Leadership Create a team environment that promotes high performance Build and maintain effective relationships Assume ownership and accountability for deliverables Use influencing skills when required Management Skills Plan and manage in an organized manner Resolve conflict involving project team or stakeholders Professionalism Adherence to the company policies and code of conduct Remain neutral and non-partisan Properly use company resources Report based on facts and not through opinion Additional Qualifications: College degree, or specialized training/equivalent work experience Minimum two years of relevant work experience Nice to Have: Previous Agile experience Experience working in or with a technology organization At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you.