Los Gatos, California Content Delivery Netflix is responsible for a significant portion of internet traffic at peak times and we’re working collaboratively with ISPs to deploy Open Connect, Netflix’s Content Delivery Network. Open Connect delivers 100% of our video traffic today, and we’re continually adding functionality to support more advanced applications and further improve the quality of experience for our customers. To support this, we have a backbone network with sites around the globe and thousands of ISP partners, and we’re working with internal development teams and network hardware vendors to deliver creative features at ever-increasing scale. To assist in the development and operation of this network infrastructure, as well as aid Netflix in making intelligent business decisions, we’re seeking a software engineer to build a unified, consistent user experience across our various services. These services allow our network engineers and architects, ISP partner engagement managers, capacity planners, and other teams at Netflix to programmatically configure the network and monitor its health, analyze traffic, perform traffic engineering, and plan for new sites and circuits. This list is by no means exhaustive, and both our projects and stakeholders continue to grow. As the person responsible for UX/UI, you will be delighting users across the company, many of whom you’ll know personally. You won’t be alone in this effort and will be supported by top software and network engineering talent. We need you to Understand and deeply focus on the real-world benefit your systems and products will have on our customers and users Be driven by, and have a bias toward, autonomy: you’ll be given a lot of context on the problems we’re trying to solve, but you’ll need to figure out how to solve them Be invested in the long-term view: while we need to deliver value this month and this quarter, we need to avoid technical debt and other forms of unnecessary complications that will serve us poorly in the future Submit a portfolio showcasing your elegant, interactive UIs in some JavaScript framework, ideally React: as this position is focused on UX/UI development, your portfolio needs to attest to significant professional experience Demonstrate skill in an additional programming language, ideally Python or Go Be comfortable with cloud environments Be comfortable with some GNU/Linux distribution Have great verbal and written communication skills We’d love for you to have experience with any of the following gRPC TCP/IP We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity and inclusiveness at Netflix. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, pregnancy or maternity, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.