The Senior Security Operations Administrator ensures network security monitoring and anomaly detection using a combination of network security monitoring (NSM) solutions, log management systems, and Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) platforms is completed accurately and timely. Essential Duties and Responsibilities : Monitors intrusion detection and prevention systems and other security event data sources Identifies intrusion attempts; troubleshoots and resolves complex security events, follows incident response and reporting processes and procedures; escalates most complex security incidents to appropriate stakeholder Reviews complex security events originating from various security sources; analyzes events; correlates events Ensures security activities during an incident are documented; ensures stakeholders are updated during the life cycle of the incident; creates final incident reports Serves as an information security evangelist; coordinates information with IT stakeholders; collaborates with stakeholders on changes / updates to systems and applications Coaches IT Security Operations Administrator I & II Assists employees, vendors or other customers by answering questions related to information security processes and procedures Stays current on the latest industry technologies, trends and strategies Completes work in a timely and accurate manner while providing exceptional customer service Other duties as assigned Job Requirements Qualifications: This position requires 5 years of progressively responsible information security experience. Application development, design, or testing experience is preferred. Corporate retail experience is preferred. Demonstrates knowledge of Information Security technologies, including, but not limited to, IPS, malware detection, vulnerability management scanners, SIEM tools and governance of information security frameworks is necessary. Advanced knowledge of incident response processes, workflows, and reporting is needed. Demonstrated experience with and industry security standards is required. Demonstrated experience analyzing large data sets and unstructured data for the purpose of identifying trends and anomalies indicative of malicious activity, as well as demonstrated capability to learn and develop new techniques is crucial. Demonstrated ability to communicate across all levels of IT, present complex ideas concisely and clearly articulate technical ideas both verbally and in writing is necessary. Intermediate skills with Microsoft office, including skills with Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Visio is necessary. Ability to identify complex problems, review information to develop and evaluate options then recommend solutions is essential. Demonstrated ability to influence and provide consistent results across all levels of the organization is imperative. Able to work efficiently and accurately under pressure, meet deadlines, present a professional demeanor and work well independently is essential. In addition troubleshooting and organizational skills with a can-do attitude and the ability to adjust to changing requirements are essential. Customer service skills are essential including the ability to manage and respond to different customer situations while maintaining a positive and friendly attitude. Maintaining confidentiality, treating others with respect and upholding Company values is key. Educational Requirements: This position requires a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience. Security certifications such as GIAC, CISM, SSCP or CISSP required. Work Days: Normal work days are Monday through Friday. Occasional Saturdays and Sundays may be necessary. Must be available by phone during assigned on call hours. Work Hours: Normal work hours are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Additional hours may be necessary.