The Mayor?s Office of Media and Entertainment (MOME) is comprised of two divisions: The Office of Film, Theatre, and Broadcasting, and NYC Media. The Office of Film, Theatre and Broadcasting serves as a one-stop shop for the entertainment industry and promotes New York City as a thriving center of creativity, issuing permits for productions filming on public property, and facilitating production throughout the five boroughs. NYC Media is the City?s official broadcast network and media production group, with programming that informs, educates, and entertains New Yorkers about the City's diverse people, neighborhoods, services, attractions, and activities. The successful candidate will serve as a Technical Operations Manager reporting to the Mayor?s Office of Media and Entertainment (MOME) Division.The Technical Operations Manager will supervise NYC Media engineering maintenance staff, determine project priorities and lead integration of new systems and technologies. The candidate will serve as a Technical Lead in the daily preventative maintenance, troubleshooting, and problem solving of all current equipment and systems associated with NYC Media's 24/7/365 television and radio operation in a major market as well as the planning and installation of new equipment and systems. Responsibilities will include: ? Maintenance, repair and upgrade of existing equipment and systems to ensure 24/7 operation of the television and radio stations and PEG channels;? Research, design and installation of new equipment and systems to improve efficiency and reliability of NYC Media broadcast and cable outlets;? Manage NYC Media engineering staff, determining priorities and ensuring timely and accurate completion of tasks and project;? Review and, where appropriate, update all existing documentation outlining engineering procedures and protocols and system diagrams;? Generate engineering procedures and documentation, including diagrams, for any new equipment and systems;? Manage NYC engineering staff at all designated technical NYC Media locations, including master control, production and transmission sites;? Manage and coordinate work of NYC Media contracted vendors including maintenance, repair and other technical consultants;? Coordinate, where appropriate, with other City agencies for the completion of assigned tasks;? Manage the purchase and inventory of all equipment and systems at all designated technical NYC Media locations;? Provide regular written communications to supervisor and other NYC Media/MOME management as required;? Ensure that all work is completed in compliance with all FCC and other regulatory requirementsThe position?s responsibilities include commitment to and compliance with the City?s EEO policy. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college including or supplemented by 24 credits in the field of voice and/or data telecommunications or in a pertinent scientific, technical, electronic or related area, and four years of satisfactory fulltime experience in the performance of analytical, planning, operational, technical, or administrative duties in a voice and/or data telecommunications or closely related electronics planning, management, and/or service organization, one year of which must have been in a highly specialized capacity and 18 months must have been in an executive, managerial, or administrative capacity or in the supervision of staff performing work in the voice and/or data telecommunications field; or 2. An associate degree from an accredited college including or supplemented by 12 credits in the field of voice and/or data telecommunications or in a pertinent, scientific, technical, electronic or related area and five years of experience as described in "1" above; or 3. Education and/or experience equivalent to "1" above. However, all candidates must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and one year of the specialized experience as described in "1" above and must possess the 18 months of executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory experience as described in "1" above. Preferred Skills The preferred candidate should possess the following: ? A Motor Vehicle license valid in the State of New York may be required for some assignments. This license must be maintained for the duration of the assignment;? At least 2 years? experience in TV Engineering in a position of responsibility and at least an Associate?s degree in Electrical /Mechanical Engineering preferred;? Should be proficient with High Definition video play out servers, routers, automation systems and KVM systems, broadcast TV encoders, transmitters and standards, RF operation and repair, Video Routers, IP Video Switchers, Automation Systems, networking knowledge, IP configuration, command prompt testing/pinging, troubleshooting knowledge of entire system comprised of multiple components and micro systems based on reading wiring diagrams and router and other lists, knowledge of wiring diagrams, AutoCAD drawings Evertz, Pebble Beach, Audio Vault, and Axia a plus;? SBE Certification is a plus; ? Should be able to communicate effectively in verbal and written form in addition to being able to work closely with all station staff in a team environment; be able to work flexible hours, 24/7 as equipment / issues arise. To Apply Special Note: Taking and passing civil service exams are necessary to maintain employment with the City of New York. Please check the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) website (http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/work/exam_monthly.shtml) for important exam filing information. Please ensure that you are either a permanent employee in the civil service title listed on this posting, or, that you file for the examination when there is an open filing period. For more information regarding the civil service process, please visit the DCAS website at: http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/work/work.shtml For City employees, please go to Employee Self Service (ESS), click on Recruiting Activities > Careers, and search for Job ID 354727For all other applicants, please go to and search for Job ID 354727-or-If you do not have access to a computer, please mail resume indicating Job ID to: Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DoITT)Recruitment Office - 2 Metrotech Center - 4th Floor - Brooklyn, NY 11201SUBMISSION OF A RESUME IS NOT A GUARANTEE THAT YOU WILL RECEIVE AN INTERVIEWAPPOINTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO OVERSIGHTDoITT participates in E-Verity Hours/Shift Day - Due to the necessary technical management duties of this position in a 24/7 operation, candidate may be required to be on call and/or work various shifts such as weekends and/or nights/evenings. Work Location New York, NY Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.