Peak Performers is Austin's preferred staffing and recruiting firm for contract positions with State of Texas government agencies. We are currently recruiting for a Planner I position with the Department of Public Safety TDEM Texas Division of Emergency Management in North Austin. Our Client Housed within the Texas Department of Public Safety, the Texas Division of Emergency Management (TDEM) oversees a comprehensive all-hazard emergency management program for the State and assists local and state government agencies in planning and implementing their local emergency management programs. TDEM has an extensive history of emergency management, most notably its involvement in the civil defense programs established during World War II; the Division continues to move forward with creative and efficient emergency management programming. Your Role Performs entry-level planning and research work. Work involves developing local, regional, or state zoning, urban, transportation, emergency management, or site plans and programs; preparing implementation plans; and monitoring policies and procedures. Works under close supervision, with minimal latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Your Duties Collects, organizes, and analyzes data required in the development of plans or programs. Participates in technical, policy, and interagency planning meetings. Reviews and evaluates planning material for contractual compliance. Prepares reports and assists in making presentations. Researches federal and state regulations. Researches and analyzes local, state, and national trends; policy issues; and proposed legislation, regulations, or rules to determine impact; and makes recommendations. Consults and communicates with other departments, agencies, and civic groups. Conducts field and telephone surveys. Conducts planning studies such as feasibility studies or master plans. Assists in providing technical planning assistance to the general public; developers; contractors; and local, regional, or state entities. Assists in reviewing plans, proposals, and studies. Assists in developing policies and procedures for implementing plans or programs and measuring progress. Assists in developing short-range and long-range local and statewide plans, projects, or programs. May prepare and monitor performance measures. Performs related work as assigned. You Have Experience in planning and research work. Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in city or regional planning, economics, business or public administration, political science, or a related field is generally preferred. Experience and education may be substituted for one another. Knowledge of government organization and administration; and of principles, objectives, and procedures of governmental planning, programming, and research. Skill in the use of a computer and applicable software, in applying statistical tools to data, in preparing reports, and in collecting and analyzing demographics and statistics. Ability to evaluate planning material, to conduct research, and to communicate effectively. Project term: Through 8/31/2018 Compensation: $17.00/hour (W2) All employment offers are contingent on the successful completion of a pre- employment criminal background check, in compliance with all applicable federal and state laws. Why use Peak Performers for your next government contract position We are a local nonprofit recruiting firm with over 24 years' experience working with public-sector employers. Our clients can hire you at any time - with no fee! We want you to get hired. We offer ACA-compliant health insurance after working for 60 days with 80% employer paid premiums! Qualified applicants with chronic medical conditions and/or disabilities receive job preference. Peak Performers does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee-based recruitment services. Peak Performers is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants without regard to race, marital status, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law.