Employment Status: Full time Job Function: Business Professional Department: 452002 Growth Regional KMD-Specialist Shift Hours / Days: Monday- Friday, 8-5pm Hours / Pay Period: 80 We Fight Cancer: Care That Never Quits® Cancer Treatment Centers of America® (CTCA®) delivers an extraordinary patient experience we call Patient Empowered Care®. We deliver state-of-the-art, high quality care through an integrative model where a team of experts puts patients at the center of their own care. Every day, you will help patients win the fight against cancer. Every day is challenging and rewarding beyond your imagination. A Culture of Teamwork, Empowerment & Development CTCA provides Stakeholders with exceptional support and easy access to a wide range of tools and resources they need to bring the best of themselves, every day. Our benefits, wellness, and compensation programs lead the market. We provide extensive training and career development opportunities that encourage professional and personal growth—it is a point of pride. We empower our Stakeholders to deliver the highest standard of care, which we call the Mother Standard®. Job Summary/Purpose: The Operations and Analytics Specialist works with various departments within the hospital to proactively guide strategic conversations for the entire Growth team and beyond. The Operations and Analytics Specialist pulls, reports and analyzes various data pertaining to patient/prospective patient activity from key Designated Market Areas (DMAs) in order to (1) enhance patient acquisition, (2) mitigate fall out of patients from DMAs, (3) identify market trends, 4) proactively identify concerns that could have positive or negative effects on patient acquisition and 5) inform overall marketing strategies (advertising messages, frequency, grassroots efforts, partner alignment decisions, and more). This role works closely with the Market Development Manager to ultimately grow the annual number of qualified cancer patients. This role will be fully integrated in multiple data systems, including Salesforce, reporting and analyzing data trends pulled from the various programs in order to guide the strategic direction of other members on the Growth team. This role is vitally important to the strategic success of the entire Growth team. Therefore, the Operations and Analytics Specialist must ensure the validity and reliability of data within the various Information Services (IS) systems. This role will also serve as the liaison to the IS team to lead Western-specific pilots, testing, reporting and system improvements. This role will also be fully integrated into other hospital departments, including Finance and Operations, understanding how other department metrics influence the overall sales funnel and running trending analysis accordingly. Responsibilities include: Evaluate in-market activations with Cancer Support Organizations (CSO) by analyzing market-specific funnels to include: upticks after in-market visits, changes in insurance landscape, etc. Develops reports on an ongoing basis to include, but not limited to, daily hospital recap, quarterly board report, weekly new patient acquisition funnel and DMA analysis. Lead Lean Daily Management conversations with the Growth team, reporting out new patient acquisition numbers, discussing funnel fall out and recommending / brainstorming solutions to barriers. Working closely with various teams including, but not limited to, Employer, Physician Referrals, Market Development, and Loyalty to strategically guide direction based upon trends in patient acquisition and access. Work with the Manager of Market Development and Vice President of Hospital Growth to develop the Growth team performance goals based on source codes, lead sources and referral sources in Salesforce. Identify patient fallout in key DMAs and work with the appropriate Stakeholders to troubleshoot the core obstacles that are impacting new patient acquisition. Lead source code reporting, assigning and monitoring activity for Western, the enterprise and the sub departments within the Growth team. Serve as liaison to the Information Services team to lead Western-specific pilots, testing, reporting and system improvements to Salesforce. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology or related Business/ Technology field is required Two (2) to three (3) years of experience with marketing analytics or general analytics is required Healthcare experience is preferred In depth experience with Salesforce is required Fluent in Excel The Best Place to Work We call ourselves Stakeholders because we all have a stake in the care and success of every patient. Today, CTCA Stakeholders deliver healing and hope to patients fighting complex and advanced cancer in Atlanta, GA, Chicago, IL, Philadelphia, PA, Phoenix, AZ and Tulsa, OK. Each of our hospitals earned a Best Place to Work distinction and receives numerous accreditations that celebrate our culture of clinical quality, innovation, high performance and wellness. Beyond The Resume, What We Look For We select people with talent—people who thrive in an environment of continuous improvement. We are creative and resourceful problem solvers. We are inventors and innovators. As a CTCA Stakeholder, you make the difference in the life of a patient. Do you see yourself working with a passionate team in a dynamic, high growth environment? Visit www.cancercenter.com/careers to begin your journey.