The Black Tux is reinventing the formalwear rental industry so guys can show up at their best on the days that matter most. The company designs and manufactures modern rental suits and tuxedos that actually fit—made of 100% wool, ordered online, and delivered for free. Using a combination of machine learning, tailor-trained fit specialists, and industry-leading customer service, The Black Tux guarantees a perfect fit every time. Just as we are on the cutting-edge of men's fashion, we also strive to stay on the cutting-edge of technology and looking to looking to hire a Full Stack Engineer. As a Full-Stack Engineer at The Black Tux, you’ll be working on code from the deepest levels of our stack to the very top. You’ll be working on creating dynamic pixel-perfect web UIs, while simultaneously solving complex business problems. Your work will have massive impact with our business operations team, which oversees our internal tools & warehousing, including procurement where we believe there’s huge value in leveraging technology & data science to match demand with supply side product planning. What You'll Do Build and maintain web applications supporting the business operations team using modern web technologies Develop scalable backend services in key focus areas such as order management, internal tooling and fulfillment Work with React + Redux single page applications Deliver defect limited code through ubiquitous test automation Work closely with product managers and other team members to understand, articulate, and break down customer needs into technical requirements Focus on customers and deliver features that excite them Contribute to the development of the team, our standards, and best practices Who You Are 2+ years of professional software development BS in Computer Science or a related field not required, but a big plus Experience in one or more object oriented programming language (e.g. Python, Java, C++) Strong proficiency in JavaScript and the JavaScript object model along with, HTML, CSS/SCSS Thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles along with popular React.js workflows (such as Redux or Apollo) Experience with newer specifications of EcmaScript/ES6 and Node.js Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc. Knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token Experience with delivering API frameworks as services built on standards such as REST, GraphQL and CRUD Ability to collaborate, organize, and plan delivery of projects in collaboration with QA teams and stakeholders Experience with Serverless, AWS Lambda and Docker a plus Conversant in algorithms, software patterns, and their best usage Benefits and perks of working at The Black Tux Exciting startup environment Weekly catered lunches Dog friendly office Complimentary dry cleaning & tailoring services Competitive health insurance coverage Paid parking Paid maternity and paternity leave Open vacation time Stocked pantry Apple equipment or whatever you need to be productive Quarterly team outings Company happy hours Free suit rentals We're an equal opportunity employer to all. We interview and hire applicants of all backgrounds, orientations, expressions, and identities.