The Commit Partnership _Advocacy Intern_ About The Commit Partnership The Commit Partnership is focused on the powerful idea that every child in Dallas County should receive an excellent and equitable education, preparing them to flourish in their careers. To reach this vision, the Partnership serves as a community navigator and connector, analyzing data to elevate strategic initiatives, improve practices and policies, and ultimately growing community capacity, capabilities and resources to serve students more effectively. Founded in 2012, the Partnership is the nation’s largest educational collective impact organization: a coalition of over 200 partners (public and private schools, colleges, foundations, businesses, and nonprofits), all working collaboratively to solve our region’s biggest systemic educational challenges. Our flagship effort, Early Matters Dallas, focuses on improving early childhood outcomes, while our second initiative, Best in Class, aims in partnership with the Communities Foundation of Texas to increase the number of effective and diverse campus educators serving DFW’s 1.2 million students. Our third initiative, Dallas County Promise, seeks to align our local higher ed institutions to maximize the number of students who can access and complete a quality postsecondary education. Day-to-day work is supported by more than 25 full-time staff who combine data, deep educational experience, and strategic thinking to collectively support Partnership efforts while advocating for Dallas County students at the state and local level and convening community conversations around the latest research and best practices. The net result is a shared roadmap for the future that civic leaders and local stakeholders own and hold themselves mutually accountable for its execution. Our Core Values Integrity–To best serve students, families, and the community we will act honestly and ethically in how we make both internal and external decisions, present data, and communicate with partners Equity & Inclusion – We seek to help transform systems in ways that ensure every student has access to the resources they need. We do this by actively and explicitly working with others to create more equitable outcomes and processes. Students First–Our decisions are guided by multiple stakeholders, but ultimately rest upon one question: What is in the best interest of students? Systemic Impact – We are patient and persistent as we identify the most effective approaches to help create lasting systems change. Once identified, we prioritize and relentlessly attack systemic challenges with efficiency and excellence. Humility–We embrace the fact that our community’s success depends on our ability to work cohesively with each other and to constantly learn. Joy–It’s important we bring a constant sense of optimism and have fun while taking on this difficult work. About The Position The Commit Partnership seeks a detail-oriented, policy-minded go-getter for a paid internship to assist the Advocacy team in supporting partners in their efforts to improve student educational outcomes. The _Advocacy Intern_ will report to Advocacy Manager and work closely with all members of the Commit team, with a concerted effort in the Early Matters Dallas, Best in Class, and College Access & Success work streams. This role provides access to great learning experiences and exposure to highly impactful work with regional education initiatives. Qualifications & Responsibilities Working toward a bachelor’s or master’s degreeat a Dallas-area institution of higher education Interest in education policy Proficiency with Microsoft Office Solid communication and interpersonal skills; strong written communication skills (Email, Word, PowerPoint, Chart/diagram configuration) In service to Commit's mission, have a desire to transform student achievement in Texas and a belief that education improves the odds for all children. Availability: September 2018 – May 2019 to fully support and immerse in Advocacy team efforts during legislative session. Research policy priorities, as identified by partnerships/coalitions Develop presentations for legislators and staff to illuminate bright spots in education and communicate area initiatives that serve to enhance student readiness and prepare them for successful futures Attend and contribute to internal/external advocacy meetings Assist Advocacy team with administrative tasks, as necessary To apply, complete application athttps://tinyurl.com/AdvocacyIntern,attach cover letter and resume detailing your interest in and qualification for the role, and a copy of your college transcript. For more information about The Commit Partnership, visit www.commitpartnership.org. The Commit Partnership is an Equal Opportunity Employer that seeks to hire individuals with backgrounds similar to that of the stakeholders they serve. As an organization that embraces equity and inclusion, all employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, or any other status protected by federal, state, or local laws.