Lubrizol Additives is a pioneering global supplier of chemical additives technologies including additives for engine oils, driveline applications, gasoline and diesel fuel, other transportation related fluids and industrial lubricants. We are committed to providing value to our customers, and we understand that success comes from working together. The Lubrizol Additives team is passionate about what we do. Our customers count on us for trusted expertise,testing confidence, supply assurance and independent strength. We are looking for top talent to help inspire new ideas, create opportunities and enable the advancement of innovative technologies. We offer abundant opportunities for career growth in a challenging, collaborative environment. Learn more about how we are achieving Success Together. Job Mission Do you have an interest in making an impact on a multi-billion-dollar company? Are you passionate about taking on difficult challenges? Would you like to use your statistics, data science & programming skills to impact global manufacturing and decision making? The Lubrizol Corporation has an immediate need for a highly motivated, solution-oriented Operations Analytics Statistician to support both our corporate as well as our global operations. The Operations Statistics / Analytics and Data Science Team Operating like a start-up company, but with the backing of a large corporation, the Operations statistics / analytics and data science support team is charged with studying our manufacturing and QA laboratory processes along with creating systems and applications that enable knowledge discovery, understanding and optimization of these processes. We also provide data analysis and modeling support to many of our business process such as demand forecasting. In addition, the team provides data science consulting, training and application development services to the Lubrizol technical community throughout the world. Key Job Accountabilities Create predictive models by mining complex data Provide statistical data analysis, process improvement support and sharing of best practices to enhance process capability, product quality, improve plant reliability, and manufacturing yield Support Operation’s data analytics systems including day-to-day operations and troubleshooting Collaborate and consult with data scientists and subject-area experts on statistical analytics, data mining, machine learning and visualization problems and algorithms, along with system design and implementation Develop and write data analysis and data visualization applications Conduct training on data analysis methodology and data analysis tools and applications Basic Qualifications Master’s or PhD degree in statistics, data analytics or closely related field; minimum graduate school GPA of 3.6 Minimum of eight statistics courses at the level appropriate for graduate-level statistics majors Formal training and applied experience using Design of Experiments (DOE) and multivariate data analysis methods such as (PLS, DA, PCA) Ability to efficiently analyze large complex data Experience with machine learning algorithms and other deep learning methods is a plus Experience / formal training in Lean and 6-sigma methodologies a plus Experience writing complex code in R, Python, or SAS Experience with visualization tools such as MS Power BI is a plus Knowledge of JavaScript, relational databases, .NET, MS Visual studio and SQL are added pluses Prophecy with using client based statistical applications such as Statgraphics Knowledge of and experience in programming other applications such as Matlab is a plus Strong deductive reasoning skills; Strong interpersonal skills Creativity and curiosity with the ability to learn and apply new concepts quickly Ability to interact effectively with a wide variety of operations personnel, laboratory personnel, chemists, and MIS/IT personnel Applied experience working in the chemical manufacturing and batch / continuous processing industries is a plus Lubrizol Benefits Click Here to Learn About all of Our Benefits! Competitive salary with performance based bonus plans 401K Match plus Age Weighted Defined Contribution Plan Competitive medical, dental & vision offerings Health Savings Account Everyone's heard the stereotype: it's all cowboys, cactus and cattle. While those Texas roots are strong, Houston will surprise you with everything it has to offer. The ten-county region is the largest city not only in Texas, but in the entire Southern United States. Here the grass is green, landscaping is lush and the tree canopy is thick and widespread. It's the perfect mix of Southern greenery and urban sophistication. Known as the Bayou City, the Houston metro area—the sixth largest in the nation—is crisscrossed by a number of bayous, many of them flowing into Buffalo Bayou, the site of the city's birthplace in the downtown area. _Lubrizol is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, national origin, citizenship, age, religion, marital status, military service, sexual orientation, genetic information, gender identity, or any other characteristic or trait protected by federal, state, or local law._