Manages the administrative, financial and human resources operations of a moderately complex university department. Oversees overall office administration for the department, including the coordination and supervision of support staff. In conjunction with the department head, plans the annual budget and monitors it throughout the year to ensure that expenditures are within authorized budget. Oversees expenditures of grants and contracts and maintains related fiscal records in coordination with the Office of Sponsored Programs. Oversees all financial activities and accounts for the department, including the monthly reconciliation of accounts. Authorizes and oversees all activities related to budget allocations, revenue and expenditures. Manages department personnel and payroll functions and activities. Serves as the department liaison with central payroll, human resources, OSP, and other department business managers. Oversees the management and maintenance of database for all personnel and payroll records. Interprets university policies and procedures for faculty and staff. Reviews and approves the reconciliation of accounting records with university reports/financial statements and prepares recurring financial/budget reports for internal purposes. Performs other job-related duties as assigned. EEO/AA Qualifications Bachelors and 3 years experience Requires a thorough understanding of both theoretical and practical aspects of an analytical, technical or professional discipline; or the basic knowledge of more than one professional discipline. Knowledge of the discipline is normally obtained through a formal, directly job-related 4 year degree from a college or university or an equivalent in-depth specialized training program that is directly related to the type of work being performed. Requires a minimum of three (3) years of directly job-related experience. Salary : $3,442.00 - $4,388.00 Required Attachments by Candidate : Resume, Cover Letter/Letter of Application Employee Status : Regular/Benefits Job Posting : Jul 30, 2018, 4:25:11 PM