The New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC) is the City agency responsible for oversight of the for-hire vehicle industries in New York City, including the drivers and owners of yellow medallion taxis, green Boro Taxis, community car services, black cars (include those booked via smartphone app), certain luxury limousines, commuter vans, and paratransit vehicles. These industries serve more than 1,000,000 passengers each day and are a key component of the city?s transportation network. Through functions such as driver background checks, vehicle inspections, and driver education, TLC?s role is to promote the highest standards of safety and consumer protection in the industries we regulate.TLC is seeking a dynamic and motivated individual to help the Agency continue its work to develop a modern, innovative approach to the licensing process with the key goals of (1) providing excellent customer service to our clients, and (2) improving the efficiency of our internal operations. We are actively seeking technological changes and enhancements to modernize our processes, and as a Licensing Specialist within the Licensing and Standards Division, you will be a key part of that change. The ideal candidate will possess experience working with a large operation(s); have a strong customer service management background (preferably with diverse populations); a background in using technology to enhance process; and the proven ability to lead and motivate a team. A keen understanding of current and emerging technologies, including web-based applications and databases, is a plus.TLC has a centralized call center that is connected to the Citywide Services Center, 311, and a Correspondence Unit. The call center and correspondence unit provide assistance and information to three diverse groups; the general riding public, TLC licensees and licensing applicants. We are looking for highly motivated individuals that enjoy the challenges and rewards of working with the public, hands-on, through telecommunications and through correspondence while utilizing excellent customer service skills. Specific responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: ? Working directly with the public in a hands-on, direct service provider to customer environment? Providing and disseminating information and handling customer questions and concerns efficiently and effectively via phone and written communication? Answering high volume of written communication via 311 Siebel, the Mayor?s Office, Press TLC and TLC Web Contact Form? Composing letters and other electronic correspondence to customers inquiring about unsatisfactory services/compliments? Responding to questions about licensing issues, liaising with other units and directing customers on how to resolve them? Receiving and routing correspondence to appropriate personnel/department or unit? Compiling statistics and reports on correspondence activity? Drafting and coordinating proactive communications from licensing to the public? Researching and gathering data to formulate response to customer inquiries? Analyzing correspondence patterns to ID common inquiries, and drafting pre-written responses / guidelines to answer them? Keeping abreast of TLC rules, regulations and departmental procedures particularly changes to current procedures, in order to respond to licensee and applicant inquiries regarding license status, requirements, procedures, new policies and rules. ? Assisting the riding public with locating property lost in a licensed TLC vehicle.? Responding to customer?s request for taxicab insurance information ? Following up on phone calls, complaints and inquiries as needed.? Working with other Division personnel to develop forms and procedural guidelines that address issues, topics and concerns that are identified in contacts with the riding public, prospective and current licensees. Minimum Qual Requirements Qualification Requirements 1. High school graduation or equivalent and three years of experience in community work or community centered activities in an area related to duties described above; or 2. Education and/or experience which is equivalent to "1" above. Preferred Skills ? Skilled in effective, clear and persuasive oral and written communications. A writing sample will be requested as part of the hiring process.? A candidate?s bi-lingual ability will be a strong component in the selection process.? Two years of satisfactory customer service experience.? Experience in drafting responses to constituent?s concerns.? Strong interpersonal and teamwork skills.? Aptitude for multi-tasking.? Analytical and Aptitude for problem solving.? Ability to adapt to a fluid work environment and changing needs and priorities.? Strong computer skills; specifically, Microsoft applications, including but not limited to Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Project and Outlook. To Apply Click, "APPLY NOW" Current city employees must apply via Employee Self-Service (ESS) Work Location 31-00 47 Ave, 3 FL, LIC NY Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.