At PEMCO it’s all about people, starting with our customers. We’re a mutual insurance company owned by our Northwest policyholders and protecting their dreams since 1949. We believe in listening to our customers and showing that we understand them in ways that others don’t. It’s what makes us “a little different”. Working at PEMCO you will enjoy the benefits of a smaller company – sharing ideas, learning and seeing the impact of your work – while competing with the big guys and enjoying positive work-life balance. We’re a company of 500+ relationship-focused, community-minded people, serving our policyholders from a cool new office in the South Lake Union neighborhood of Seattle. Come join us! Why We Need You Here’s your chance to make your mark at PEMCO! We need a confident, articulate business person with the vision and leadership skills to help shape and drive a data-driven approach to our risk selection process. Our goals are to better understand the profitability of business segments and improve the effectiveness of our automated underwriting. We need you to report, interpret, and translate department data into meaningful insights that you present to company leaders. As one of our Underwriting data experts, you’ll gain satisfaction by having a direct impact on our financial results! What You'll Be Doing Analyze processes and implement efficiency improvements. Retrieve, prepare, model and analyze department data including using Tableau and a variety of technology tools, systems and analytics approaches; demonstrate curiosity around data findings, anomalies and opportunities beyond what is requested Design, develop, and maintain department metrics, reports, analyses, and dashboards. Report results of analyses to department leadership; provide insights and/or recommendations to improve operational and financial effectiveness and workforce efficiency and present in a clear and concise manner to senior leaders Improve book quality by developing tools to understand agent/channel/book performance. Develop and implement programs to improve financial performance. Design and implement re-underwriting, automation, or other solutions, to achieve targets. Represent the department as a subject matter expert in company projects; lead and manage the department responsibilities of the project/program. In collaboration with Underwriting management and Product, research and develop new tools or processes to improve accuracy in rating and underwriting and reduce gaps in premium and selection. What You'll Bring Two or more (2+) years of data analysis and modeling experience required. Requires Bachelor's degree; preference to Business, Economics, mathematics, or other quantitative fields of study. Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint) required High proficiency with Microsoft Excel (create pivot tables, use lookup formulas, etc.) required. Working knowledge of database software (SQL Server, Teradata, SAS, etc.) required. Property and Casualty Insurance industry experience desired and knowledge of insurance underwriting, product pricing and how state regulations impact the business are a plus! Business intelligence software experience is a plus (Tableau, Power BI, Microstrategy, etc.). We've Got You Covered Competitive salary 200% match on your 401(k) up to 6% of your pay Generous medical, dental, disability and life insurance plans A friendly, professional work environment The opportunity to work at a place of integrity, where customer service is emphasized Equal Opportunity Employer