Job Summary Joining our Risk Consulting Financial Services practice is an opportunity to help make the world more honest, transparent, safe, and secure. From day one of your career, you will assist our clients to transform their governance, embed risk in their decision-making and maintain efficient compliance. We will enable an entrepreneurial and innovative environment for you to deliver transformative risk consulting services and to develop deeply specialized skill sets demanded in today’s market. The IT Audit Consultant will be responsible for being a contributing team member on IT General Controls/IT Audit, IT SOX, and IT Risk Consulting engagements. Typical IT Consultant responsibilities include: Project execution and management including overall project planning, supervising staff, and executing IT fieldwork. Develop lasting relationships with client personnel and seeking to further these relationships through quality service delivery and the successful execution of projects. Participate in proposal development efforts. Define performance expectations, evaluate the performance of staff IT auditors, provide feedback and participate in training efforts. Participate in strategic and tactical initiatives related to new product offerings and services. Facilitate use of technology-based tools or methodologies to review, design and/or implement products and services Generate innovative ideas and challenge the status quo. Qualifications Bachelor's degree required. Major in Computer Information Systems, Management Information Systems or Accounting is preferred. 2+ years working in internal audit, consulting, assurance services, or related field, either in professional services or industry. Have obtained or working toward professional certification such as CPA, CIA, CISA. Strong interpersonal skills to interact in team environment and foster client relationships. Advanced verbal and written communication skills, including documentation of findings and recommendations. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. In-depth knowledge of core information technology processes and controls, current trends in corporate information technology and emerging themes in the market place. Understanding of commonly used internal control frameworks, including COSO and COBIT. Knowledge of audit methodologies and developing key internal audit deliverables, including process flows, work programs, audit reports, and control summaries. Travel expectations: up to 60%. This position may require national or international travel. ABOUT THE TEAM: Risk Consulting is organized by both industry specializations (financial services, healthcare, public sector and emerging industries) and solutions (anti-money laundering, regularly and compliance, internal audit, cybersecurity, IT assurance, emerging global solutions and third party risk). Risk Consulting provides governance, risk and compliance expertise to keep clients advised of emerging trends, industry benchmarks and best practices. OUR BENEFITS: At Crowe, we know that great people is what makes a great firm. We value our people and offer employees a comprehensive benefits package. HOW YOU CAN GROW: We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. You will have the chance to meet on a consistent basis with your Career Coach that will guide you in your career goals and dreams. Crowe (www.crowe.com) is one of the largest public accounting, consulting and technology firms in the United States. Crowe uses its deep industry expertise to provide audit services to public and private entities while also helping clients reach their goals with tax, advisory, risk and performance services. Crowe is recognized by many organizations as one of the country's best places to work. Crowe serves clients worldwide as an independent member of Crowe Global, one of the largest global accounting networks in the world. The network consists of more than 200 independent accounting and advisory services firms in more than 130 countries around the world. Visit Crowe.com and find out what it's like to work at one of the “50 Best Workplaces for New College Graduates.” Crowe ranked seventh on this Fortune list, in addition to being named one of Fortune’s “Top 100 Best Companies to Work For” and among Fortune’s “20 Best Workplaces in Consulting & Professional Services”. In these surveys, Crowe personnel attribute the following policies to making Crowe a great place to work: Innovation: Each year, Crowe invests about two percent of firm revenue in new product development funding to develop ideas brought forward by its people. Building upon a foundation of deep industry specialization, Crowe professionals follow a detailed innovation road map to create original, practical solutions that help address their clients’ biggest challenges. This process allows them to see their ideas through from start to finish. Mobility strategy: Rolled out more than two years ago, this strategy defied the norm of the professional services industry. It allows Crowe personnel to work where they’re most productive – whether that be the office, their home or elsewhere – and wear jeans while they’re in the office. This policy continues to receive great reviews on annual internal employee engagement surveys. Benefits: The firm promotes healthy living through its internal well-being portal, which allows Crowe individuals to complete wellness activities – such as exercise challenges, healthy eating, doctor visits and mindful lifestyle changes – for gift cards and health insurance premium reductions. Additionally, on top of its healthcare and retirement programs, Crowe recently expanded its paid time off policies for military leave and all new parents. Community service: Recently acknowledged in the Fortune Best Workplaces for Giving Back list, the firm places a high priority on community service. In honor of the firm’s 75th year, Crowe personnel are working toward a combined goal of 75,000 hours of volunteering, which they’re well on their way to achieving. In addition, Crowe has policies in place to align its charitable contributions with the volunteer efforts of its people. EOE M/F/D/V Company Overview Your Journey at Crowe Starts Here: At Crowe, you have the opportunity to deliver innovative solutions to today’s complex business issues. Crowe’s accounting, consulting, and technology personnel are widely recognized for their in-depth expertise and understanding of sophisticated process frameworks and enabling technologies, along with their commitment to delivering measurable results that help clients build business value. Our focus on emerging technology solutions along with our commitment to internal career growth and exceptional client value has resulted in a firm that is routinely recognized as a “Best Place to Work.” We are 75 years strong and still growing. Come grow with us!