About Us Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As the largest non-profit health system in the U.S. and the world’s largest Catholic health system, Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2017, Ascension provided more than $1.8 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs. Ascension includes approximately 165,000 associates and 34,000 aligned providers. Ascension’s Healthcare Division operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 153 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 22 states and the District of Columbia, while its Solutions Division provides a variety of services and solutions including physician practice management, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, clinical care management, information services, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization. Job Description Job Summary: The Data Analyst is responsible for making decisions on the best methods to extract and manipulate data to best meet the end user’s needs; works closely with either the trading partner or the customer to determine end results and defines the process to deliver those reports in the most efficient and accurate method; design/build and maintain processes to deliver scheduled reports or file feeds to various internal and external customers; create process efficiencies through automation (report delivery, file feed delivery, and data management); other various duties as required. Responsibilities : Build & operationalize processes to ensure timely data updates and data accuracy in line with project scope and recommendations Design and deliver reports and insights for improvements Build analytical solutions and models by manipulating large data sets and integrating diverse data sources Perform ad-hoc analysis and provide meaningful reporting to operations and account teams Maintain mapping files of all processes requiring maintenance Upload and download data to various trading partners and verify results Monitor data quality, troubleshoot data-related problems and offer solutions Document end-to-end operating processes Qualifications Education: Bachelor's Level Degree Bachelor's level degree is required, finance, accounting, management information systems/technology and/or business related degree preferred Work Experience: Two years of experience required. Qualifications: Background in insurance or healthcare preferred. Strong analytical skills with the ability to research, identify and resolve data integrity issues Strong interpersonal skills and commitment to teamwork and partnerships Strong oral and written communication Enjoy discovering and solving problems Ability to network and collaborate cross-functionally and globally Proficient in MS Office (Excel, Access, Word, etc.) required with emphasis on queries, macro’s, and report design. Knowledge of HIPAA Ansi transaction sets (834 preferred) or other EDI experience preferred Knowledge of batch file scripting preferred Ability to perform under tight deadlines Competencies: Continuous Improvement – consistently looks for better way to achieve business results; recognizes problems as opportunities for process improvement. Customer Focus – dedicated to meeting the expectations and requirements of internal and external customers; works to ensure customer’s needs are understood and met. HIPAA Compliance – ensuring appropriate methods are in place for safe and secure transmission of data to external parties. Functional/Technical Expertise – demonstrates a high level of technical and professional skills; takes action to continue to develop areas of expertise. Integrity and Trust – adheres to ethical set of core values and treat others with fairness and respect; models behavior that is consistent with stated beliefs/values. Process Orientated – defines and adheres to a clear set of processes to guide work efforts; uses processes to achieve consistent, high-quality results. Teamwork - works together to accomplish individual and organizational objectives; collaborates and works well in a team environment. Working Conditions: Works in the office, but may be required to travel or go to offsite business meetings. Equal Employment Opportunity Ascension Health is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster: http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf ” Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants. E-Verify Statement Ascension Health participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information. E Verify (link to E-verify site)