Department Applications and Infrastructure School/Parent Organization Information Technology Parent Org Division Finance and Administration Division Employment Category Fulltime-Regular Anticipated start date If temporary, expected end date Hours per week 37.5 Weeks Per Year 52.2 Normal Start Time 8:30 AM Normal End Time 5:00 PM Position/Job Summary Develop and maintain applications and services to support the College’s application solutions. Write, test and maintain programs, applications, and interfaces in specific languages and develop detailed documentation. Work in conjunction with the Project Manager / Business Analysts and end-users in defining the logical toolset to bridge the gap between documented requirements, design & technical implementation, taking an active role on all sides and defining how the application looks as well as how it works. Work with the Solutions Architecture team to establish standards related to full stack development. Position/Job Responsibilities 1\. Full stack development and troubleshooting including UX and interaction design, server side programming, functional and unit tests, server and database administration, deployment automation 2\. Manage application lifecycle management in multiple environments, managing code and configurations moving from development through to production, writing safety net tools such as “trapmail” to insulate development 3\. Build containers utilizing tools such as Docker, as part of continuous delivery, writing health checks for automatic failover, load balancing over mesh network 4\. Integrate single sign-on such as Shibboleth or Active Directory Federation Services with new and legacy applications 5\. Administering Java application server and the NolijWeb enterprise content management application 6\. Perform log aggregation, analysis, metrics, and reporting: pushing application logs to central log server, developing queries and dashboards for actionable reporting 7\. Connect to monitoring service, define alert conditions, and disseminate monitoring data through multiple channels 8\. Contribute to process automation such as requirements gathering, initialization through online forms, use triggers and scheduled tasks to advance workflow 7\. Develop new and utilize existing service oriented architecture design principles 8\. Ensure user interface-level security to protect against unauthorized access of screen/functions, and establish systems to prevent malicious injections 9\. Write and maintain documentation related to development work. 10\. Conduct Load testing, writing JMeter and home-grown scripts, monitoring applications to identify bottlenecks 11\. Java application profiling for middleware stack: Java profiling through visualvm and New Relic to address application hot spots 12\. Participate in MySQL and MariaDB administration such as tuning, backup, and migrations 13\. Responsible for workflow, configuration, deployment, maintenance and support of College content management systems built with Drupal and with custom architecture 14\. Develop and demonstrate a multicultural awareness and contribute to cultivating an inclusive, diverse and respectful College community. Demonstrate civil and inclusive behavior when interacting with staff, faculty, students and visitors to the College. Promote a flexible, collaborative and inclusive work and living environment and engage in educational opportunities to increase awareness and understanding of diversity and inclusion. Position/Job Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field and a minimum of 7 years of relevant work experience or the equivalent combination of education and experience; understanding of version control and automation tools; extensive experience with a variety of languages such as Bash, CSS, HTML, Java, JavaScript, PHP, PL/SQL; proficient knowledge of MacOS, LINUX, and Windows Server Operating Systems; and a good understanding of Apache, Docker, Content Management Systems (CMS) such as WordPress or Drupal, and other stack technologies. Demonstrated passion for continuous improvement and advancing technology solutions, network certifications, and previous experience working in a college or university setting desired. EEO Statement Ithaca College is committed to building a diverse academic community and encourages members of underrepresented groups to apply. Experience that contributes to the diversity of the college is appreciated. Instructions for submitting your application: Interested applicants must apply online at http://ithaca.edu/jobs/ and attach a resume and cover letter. Questions about online application should be directed to the Office of Human Resources at (607) 274-8000. Screening of applications will begin immediately. Work authorization (select one): Visa sponsorship is not provided for this position Department description College Description At Ithaca College, a comprehensive residential campus community of 6,500 students, we strive to be at the forefront of the higher education landscape. We offer a distinct integrative learning experience that makes students ready for the personal, professional, and global challenges of our age. We seek candidates who embrace integrative learning and want to be a part of this exciting time in Ithaca College history. We encourage creative collaboration and innovation in our faculty and staff, providing support and resources for them to grow in their fields and lead students to their own innovative ideas and achievements. We welcome different ways of thinking and look for candidates with unique points of view and life experiences. We are inclusive of individuals with a wide range of cultural, personal, and professional backgrounds, talents, and skills. Our campus is a vibrant and rewarding community where diverse minds can learn, succeed, and excel. When reviewing candidates, we are looking for indicators of a number of core competencies. Prospective candidates must be adaptable, collaborative, inclusive, respectful, responsive, results driven, and sustainable. They must communicate effectively, demonstrate leadership, exhibit professional integrity and ethics, take initiative, value personal and professional development, and show that they will engage in the college. Nestled in the heart of New York State’s scenic Finger Lakes region, Ithaca College sits atop South Hill overlooking picturesque Cayuga Lake and is just minutes away from the city center. Combining small town warmth and charm with the vibrancy of a college community, the thriving and culturally diverse city of Ithaca has been rated by Kiplinger’s as one of the top 10 places to live in the United States. To learn more about Ithaca College, visit us at http://ithaca.edu Market Hiring Range $66,000 - $74,000 FLSA Status Exempt Is this position eligible for benefits? Yes