Production Assistant is expected to work closely with the show Producer to brainstorm ideas, look up statistics, and build graphics into our show rundown. They will also be responsible for printing scripts for talent and logging games. Job Duties Log games/interviews and prepare scripts for Talent & Directors. Gather statistics/information and enter into our chyron graphics system. Research statistics & stories on the internet Assist in content creation/coordination between Production and Digital departments Perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned Qualifications/Requirements Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience Willingness to work nights, weekends, and overtime when needed Must be very familiar with Chicago sports and athletes Must have basic knowledge of the 4 major sports and be familiar with other sports Additional Job Requirements Interested candidate must submit a resume/CV through www.nbcunicareers.com to be considered Must be willing to work in Chicago Desired Characteristics Desired Qualifications Thorough knowledge or local/national sports landscapes General knowledge of social media and how to use it to gather news Proficiency in INEWS or similar newsroom management system Sub-Business NBC Sports RSN - Chicago Career Level Entry-Level City Chicago State/Province Illinois Country United States About Us At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us. Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.