Peak Performers is a nonprofit recruiting firm specializing in contract roles with state of Texas government agencies. We've partnered with the Texas Department of Banking to recruit for a .Net Developer. The work site is in downtown Austin and the regular work schedule is 8:00 am - 5:00 pm, Monday - Friday. This is a temporary to direct hire opportunity with the temporary assignment planned to continue from 6 months to 1 year. The direct-hire compensation range will be between $80,000 and $129,000 plus State of Texas benefits and retirement program. Candidates interested in a full-time, direct- hire, role with the State of Texas will be considered. Our client The Texas Department of Banking (TDB) works to ensure that the state maintains a safe, sound, and competitive financial services system. TDB’s major functions include chartering, licensing, and registering specific entities to maintain Texas’ financial regulatory system and a consistent banking environment. The Department serves to provide the public with convenient, safe, competitive banking options and dependable financial services in their mission to facilitate the security of Texans’ prosperity. Your role TDB is transitioning from legacy systems to cloud-based solutions and this Developer will perform programming work to support the transition. Work involves assisting in the planning, scheduling, and assigning of programming projects; coordinating programming projects; analyzing proposed computer applications; preparing and developing programs; and providing technical programming assistance. You will work under limited supervision and may train others. Your tasks Analyzes proposed computer applications in terms of equipment requirements and capabilities. Analyzes, reviews, and revises programs to increase operating efficiency or to adapt to new procedures. Analyzes software problems and develops solutions. Consults with staff members to schedule work and coordinate programming projects. Prepares test data, codes, and debugs programs as outlined by a system’s technical and functional requirements. Prepares instructions for use during production runs. Prepares and develops instructions or manuals to provide guidance to end users. Prepares detailed analyses, plans, diagrams, and procedures for existing and proposed computer applications. Performs research and the analysis required for project proposal, software and systems modifications, and new projects. Assists in developing equipment requirements and capabilities for proposed computer applications. Assists in developing standards and procedures for programming staff. May assist in the generation or installation of systems software. May develop and implement specialized programs to supplement and enhance systems software. Technical Proficiencies Microsoft Visual Studio, .NET Core 2.0, ASP.NET CORE 2.0, Entity Framework Core 2.0 o ASP. NET MVC 5, ASP.NET Web API, C, AJAX, SQL, XM, JavaScript, Vue.js or Angular 2+ o CSS, HTML5 Experience and Education Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with a degree in Information Technology or related field. Experience may substitute for education on a year-for-year basis. 5 years of experience writing web applications using Asp.NET MVC and Web API, Entity Framework. Experience building Single-Page Applications using Angular, React, Vue.js, or similar. Other As part of the Texas Department of Banking, this position requires that the incumbent demonstrate strong personal financial responsibility and integrity. A post-offer credit check, driving record check, and criminal background check will be performed. You also have Knowledge of the principles, practices, and techniques of computer programming and systems analysis; of computer operations procedures and systems; and of computer programming languages. Skill in problem solving and critical thinking in computer programming, use of computer hardware and software, and modifying or developing programs for computer applications. Ability to process information logically to design programs and systems logic, prepare program specifications, code, test, and debug computer programs, interpret technical information related to computer programming and other areas of data processing. Skill in writing, testing, debugging, and implementing complex web applications in .NET, .Net Core 2.0, Asp.Net MVC5, Asp.Net Web API, Asp.Net Core 2.0 , Entity Framework 6, Entity Framework Core 2.0. Skill in building Single Page Applications using Angular 2+, Vue.js or similar. Skill using CSS and JavaScript libraries and frameworks. Translate business requirements and enhancements to system-level technical modifications. Experience in triggers, stored procedures, packages, and functions. Strong knowledge of Web Service standards (REST, SOAP, WSDL, JSON) & XML standards (XML, XML Schema, XLST, XPath etc). Databases: data modeling; query; SQL queries and tuning. Experience with Oracle and Microsoft SQL Server. Experience designing and developing SOA components and integration. Skill in writing documentation and procedure manuals. Skill in training staff and interacting with end users. Ability to communicate effectively with existing/potential users of computer systems. Ability to perform detailed work accurately under time/volume pressure and to coordinate with other programmers and administrative employees. Ability to work effectively on several projects concurrently and to work in a highly demanding fast paced environment Project term: 6 months to 1 year temp-to-hire position Compensation: $51.00/hr (W2) During temporary assignment. Full-time, direct-hire salary range is $80,000 - $129,000 What's it like to work for Peak Performers Qualified applicants with chronic medical conditions and/or disabilities receive job preference. Our clients can hire you at any time - with no fee! We want you to get hired. We pay weekly through direct deposit. We offer ACA compliant health insurance at 60 days. In business since 1994, our relationships span 24 years and thousands of job placements. All employment offers are contingent on the successful completion of a pre- employment criminal background check, in compliance with all applicable federal and state laws. Applicants for employment with Peak Performers must possess work authorization that does not require sponsorship for a visa now or in the future. Peak Performers is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants without regard to race, marital status, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law. Peak Performers does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services.