School Facilities Attendant assists the Plant Manager with light cleaning, Visit us at www.lausdjobs.org stocking and monitoring of school restrooms and locker rooms and water fountains and serves as a deterrent to vandalism. Benefits Insurance: District paid premiums for your choice of several medical, dental, and vision for you and your dependents. Retirement: Membership in the California Public Employee Retirement System (CalPERS.) Vacation: Two Weeks of Paid vacation to start; three weeks after five years of year-round paid service. Paid Holidays: 12 days. NOTE: Positions in this job classification may be offered on a 10 or 11 month basis - salary and paid time off for 10 or 11 month positions will be adjusted accordingly. Positions in this job classification may be subject to additional furlough days. Job Duties/Responsibilities The duties of School Facilities Attendant are, but are not necessarily limited to, the following: Conducts light cleaning of restrooms throughout the school day, including washing/wiping down sinks and faucets, toilets and urinals picking up/sweeping/spot mopping of floors, flushing toilets and urinals, cleaning mirrors and removing graffiti. Cleans water fountains. Inventories and stocks restrooms with supplies throughout the school day by replenishing items such as toilet tissue, paper towels, toilet seat covers, and soap. Records supplies needed onto a log sheet. Gathers and disposes of rubbish, paper, leaves, and debris. Empties, washes, and replaces liners in refuse containers. Monitors restrooms throughout the day for vandalism or needed repairs, reports inappropriate behavior, and notifies the Plant Manager site administrator or security personnel if vandalism has occurred and/or if repairs are needed. Assists in cleaning up after vandalism. Minimum Requirements Education: Graduation from high school or evidence of equivalent educational proficiency is desirable. Experience: Prior custodial experience and experience working in a school environment is desirable. Special: A valid California Driver License and use of an automobile may be required for some positions. Visit us at www.lausdjobs.org Special Physical Requirements: Ability to stand, walk, bend, crawl, climb, reach overhead, crouch, kneel, balance, pull, and lift and carry objects weighing up to 50 pounds. This class description is not a complete statement of essential functions, responsibilities, or requirements. Requirements are representative of the minimum level of knowledge, skill, and/or abilities. Management retains the discretion to add or change typical duties of this position at any time. Desirable Qualifications The ideal candidate for this position will possess the following characteristics: Cleaning materials, such as soap, detergents, and solvents. Methods of cleaning floors, lavatories, and other areas of school buildings. Sanitation methods used in custodial work. Further, the ideal candidate will also possess the ability to: Understand and follow written and oral instructions. Recognize and write notes on maintenance and repair needs. Do simple mathematics in relation to supply inventory. Work harmoniously with students, administrators, teachers, parents and others. Employment Selection Process We anticipate receiving extensive number of well qualified applicants for this position; therefore, there will be a competitive process. The hiring departments have requested that we proceed with the selection process in an expeditious and timely manner. To honor this request, we will be adhering to a pre-planned employment assessment schedule. The assessment process consists of a Written Test and an Interview. The tentative Written Test is scheduled for the last week of August. All candidates will be notified via e-mail of the next steps in the selection process shortly after recruitment closes. Please make sure you receive e-mail confirmation from us on receiving your application. If you do not receive an e-mail confirmation from us it means that we did not receive your application. Also, please be sure to include correspondence from @lausd.net as an approved sender so that messages are not accidentally placed into your spam/junk e-mail folder. Application Process DO YOU NEED TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE WITH THE ON-LINE APPLICATION? Call 213-241-3455 Weekdays 8:00 am-5:00 pm or email us at helpmeapply@lausd.net. Visit us at www.lausdjobs.org To find out whether the application deadline has been extended, visit the website at: http://www.lausdjobs.org The Los Angeles Unified School District intends that all qualified persons shall have equal opportunities for employment and promotion. Reasonable accommodations in completing an application and testing are available to individuals with disabilities. Please call (213) 241-3455 for more information. The TDD number for individuals with hearing impairments is (213) 241-8408. Additional Posting Information Selection and promotion are based on a competitive employment assessment process. Candidates who pass all parts of the assessment process are placed on a hiring (eligibility) list based on their assessment score. Hiring departments may make job offers to candidates on the top three ranks of the hiring list. Eligibility typically lasts for 12 months. The hiring list resulting from this assessment process may be used to fill open positions in related job classifications. Follow us on: Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/LAUSDCareers?v=wall Twitter at http://twitter.com/!/lausdjobs LinkedIn at http://www.linkedin.com/groupInvitation?gid=1997274 & invID=7292448 & sharedKey=XT2LGM2h&mboxItemID;=192065457 Visit us at www.lausdjobs.org