Job Description: Job Description As an Analyst, Pricing and Business Analysis, you will support executive leadership decisions by providing business recommendations anchored on solid financial, customer, and market insights. The nature of our job is varied, project-based and includes defining the business model and pricing strategies for services/products, performing customer segmentation analysis, and optimizing our sales-channel strategies. Responsibilities: Responsibilities: Requires competency in customer focus, change & innovation, strategic thinking, relationship building & influencing, talent management, results focus and inspirational leadership. Develop a deep understanding of industry, corporate, and customer drivers in order to conduct business performance optimization analysis Build comprehensive financial/quantitative models to evaluate pricing opportunities and their impact on T-Mobile’s overall portfolio value Provide analytical support by framing complex pricing problems, identifying variable relationship, distilling insights from data, and presenting findings Collaborate across functions, including finance, product management, corporate strategy and sales, to manage price factors that influence customer acquisition, retention and revenue Also responsible for other duties/projects assigned by business management Qualifications: Qualifications : 4+ years relevant experience with corporate strategy, management consulting, portfolio management or financial analysis Excellent problem-solving and teamwork skills Strong analytical skills to understand market movements, pricing, and overall financial levers/analysis Capability to prioritize and deliver on multiple thread of work without losing attention to detail or strategic perspective Ability to quickly learn new skills and methodologies Familiarity with structured programming language Ability to communicate analytical results to management in verbal and written form •Bacherlors•Economics, Finance, Engineering, or similar Minimum Qualifications : • At least 18 years of age.• Legally authorized to work in the United States.• High School Diploma or GED.• Pre-employment background screen. Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.