FLSA Status : Nonexempt Months Per Year : 12 Hours Per Week : 37.5 Position Description Under the general direction of the Director of Graduate Admissions, in a team- oriented environment, this position performs application processing and records management. This position sustains this endeavor by providing ongoing technical support, training, and supervision to ensure support of university enrollment.Compile digital documentation and perform application processing within the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) for directors and faculty to review and evaluate for admission. Develop a strong working knowledge of the application requirements for all graduate programs and certificates to help navigate prospective students and departments through the application and review process. Serve as a primary resource for international documentation requirements. Share maintenance for Graduate Service Agreements to help manage processes with departments.Serve in collaborative role with Institutional Technology Services (ITS) and the academic departments.in onboarding and maintaining graduate applications in the CRM tool. Oversee end-user application testing. Maintain changes to the term deadlines requested by the academic departments. Partner with Systems Analyst in the researching and troubleshooting of reported system errors.Maintain and archive current admissions records to make them accessible to the graduate academic departments and the Registrar’s office. Scan application materials and provide quality assurance to ensure data integrity with document imaging and processing. Assist in management of incoming paper or electronic application materials.Assist in training and advising of new employees in the use of the CRM, data entry, digital imaging, and data integration between systems as needed. Provide training and support for student employees in order to maintain operations within the Office of Graduate Admissions.Provide phone support and other duties that contribute to the operational workflow of the Graduate Admissions Office. Develop knowledge of Graduate Admissions staff duties and workflow to provide support when needed. Participate in quarterly recruitment events as needed. Qualifications High school diploma or its equivalent (G.E.D.) and three or more years of progressively responsible clerical experience involving the processing of student records OR an equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform essential duties of the job such as those listed above. Demonstrated attention to detail and whole systems thinking Demonstrate commitment to diversity and mission, vision, and values of the University. Successfully complete online computer skills assessment administered by the Office of Human Resources Seattle University , founded in 1891, is a Jesuit Catholic university located on 50 acres in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood. More than 7,400 students are enrolled in undergraduate and graduate programs within nine schools and colleges. U.S. News and World Report's "Best Colleges 2017" ranks Seattle University 8th in the West among universities that offer a full range of masters and undergraduate programs. Seattle University is an equal opportunity employer. In support of its pursuit of academic and scholarly excellence, Seattle University is committed to creating a diverse community of students, faculty and staff that is dedicated to the fundamental principles of equal opportunity and treatment in education and employment regardless of age, color, disability, gender identity, national origin, political ideology, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or veteran status. The university encourages applications from, and nominations of, individuals whose differing backgrounds, beliefs, ideas and life experiences will further enrich the diversity of its educational community. Application Instructions Applicants are required to attach an electronic cover letter and resume when applying. Persons who need assistance with the recruitment process may contact the Office of Human Resources at: 206-296-5870. Job postings are open until filled, unless otherwise specified.