3M is seeking a Senior Cloud Solutions Architect for the Corporate Research Systems Lab located in Maplewood, MN. At 3M, you can apply your talent in bold ways that matter. Here, you go. Job Summary : 3M's mission is to solve the unsolved, innovatively. As a 3Mer, you will be applying your skills and knowledge to bring “science and innovation to life” in diverse markets that include healthcare, energy, infrastructure, transportation, and consumer. Our teams are working on some of the world’s toughest problems from preventing infections in healthcare, to readying the world for autonomous transportation. 3Mer's are inventors at heart. 3M is seeking a Senior Cloud Solutions Architect to join the Corporate Research Systems Lab (CRSL), which collaborates and innovates with all of 3M's businesses and divisions. CRSL is a collaborative environment with cross- functional teams responsible for designing and developing digital technologies from the hardware and electronics, to the algorithms and analytics, and the application software layer. A successful candidate will work side-by-side with scientists and engineers in broad disciplines from software, artificial intelligence/machine learning, electronic, mechanics and advanced analytics. The ideal candidate is an architect with demonstrated experience in architecting and implementing cloud technologies. Someone who is enthusiastic about architecting and implement platforms capabilities to achieve maximum value to the organization. In this role, you will be responsible for leading the architecture design and technical strategies for CRSL digital platforms. You will work on a dynamic team that designs and implements cutting-edge software and scalable platform services. Our platform supports the Internet of Things (IoT), artificial intelligence/machine learning, advanced modeling and new visualization approaches (AR/VR) for both existing products as well as research and development of new products. You will be part of an agile team that will help design and build a state of the art commercial-grade service- oriented platform on top of which 3M businesses will rely on. This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career. Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Led conceptualizing, synthesis of functional and non-functional requirements into architecture platform technical strategy and detailed design to meet business objectives Provide technical thought leadership for evolving cloud capabilities (AWS or Azure) in the areas of Internet of Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Virtual Reality (VR)/Augmented Reality (AR), and Blockchain Deliver high customer value through design and implementation of highly scalable and modular platform services supporting multi-instance and multi-tenancy requirements Accelerates R&D; for software development teams and data scientists through the comprehensive design of “one stop shop” self-service capabilities that encapsulates automated cloud environment provisioning, Software Configuration Management (SCM), Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) to leverage the latest native cloud services. Evangelizes and evolves R&D; design principles to ensure consistency and high reuse across both AWS and Azure cloud platforms and associate application integrations Partners with key technology vendors to maintain R&D; platform competitiveness through continuous gap analysis and corresponding platform roadmaps and enhancements Provides technical leadership to software development and DevOps teams Acts as the Architecture Product Owner for AWS or Azure platform capabilities on all platform related initiatives Develop executive level presentation to clearly articular platform architecture rationale and strategic direction Ensure designs fully adheres to corporate security and compliance guidelines Basic Qualifications: Possess a Bachelor’s degree or higher (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited institution Preferred Qualifications: Possess a Bachelor’s degree or higher in a science or engineering discipline (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited institution Minimum three (3) years of demonstrated experience with architecting cloud platform solutions at enterprise wide scale Takes full ownership of customer product challenges and driven by desire to push the product and technology platform forward Ability to develop, manage, test and deploy new applications and platform services Experience with Cloud services such as AI, Visualization and Blockchain Experience with HTML 5, CSS, and JavaScript frameworks, like React or AngularJS Experience with Spring, MySQL, NoSQL datastore such as Cassandra Experience creating and using web-based REST APIs Experience creating relational databases Experience with DevOps tooling: Jenkins, Chef, Puppet, GitHub, Git or VSTS Enjoys delivering innovative solutions with minimal guidance; Self-directed, analytical, and work well in a team environment Excellent debugging and problem-solving skills along with strong verbal and written communications skills Successful track record of delivering results in complex cross-functional projects Location: Maplewood, MN Travel: May include up to 10% domestic Relocation: Is authorized Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status).