EnergySavvy is looking to add a Client Engagement Professional to an amazing team. Our cloud software helps electric and gas utilities modernize and improve customer experiences as the energy industry undergoes a period of fundamental transformation. If you’re passionate about cleantech and interested in enterprise software support, you’ll thrive as a Client Engagement Professional at EnergySavvy. As a Client Engagement Professional, you will help our customers use our software to the fullest potential. You will be the go-to resource for customers and internal stakeholders for insight on how our software works and what it can do. You will learn the software inside out and work with customers and developers to help grow our software in an environment with rapid deployments and constant innovation. Our client engagement team’s background includes technical project management and software implementation consulting. We hire proven rock stars in these fields, but we also make bets on promising up-and-comers that have shown massive success in other fields or academia. This position will be based in our Boston office. Responsibilities will include but are not limited to the following: Help manage new SaaS (Software as a service) implementations. Proactively communicate with customers via phone, email, telepathy, etc. to ensure effective and delightful user experiences. Triage, research, reproduce and solve day-to-day questions from customers while teaching them to be more independent. Monitor questions and develop upstream solutions to recurring problems. Collaborate with developers, product managers and customers to build useful, usable software. Document new features, create user guides, test new development and generally own user acceptance of new features. Usher new features through the entire development cycle and drive their success. Travel up to 10% Required Skills: Bachelor’s Degree in a technology-related discipline or a bachelor’s degree in an unrelated field with experience in technical project management or enterprise software support preferred. 1-2 years technical project management or enterprise software support. Patient, communicative, team player that is detail-oriented and has outstanding interpersonal skills. Fluency with Windows and Mac operating systems and web technologies. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, tenacity and fortitude. Strong organizational skills and the ability to balance multiple short and long-term projects of varying scopes with customers across the country. Vigorous communication skills. Curiosity about and commitment to technology, energy efficiency and your potential. About EnergySavvy EnergySavvy is a cloud software company that helps utilities transform their customer experience and operations. EnergySavvy provides personalized customer insights, breakthrough customer engagement, and automated program delivery with the industry's only platform purpose-built to enhance the customer experience and increase operational efficiency. More than 30 utilities and state programs rely on EnergySavvy to enable customer experience transformation in the modern, digital customer era. We believe in diversity, not merely because it’s a mechanism for happier, more productive teams, but because we believe we have an obligation to work against structural discrimination. As such, we don't discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Learn more about EnergySavvy's company and culture. [https://www.energysavvy.com/company/careers/]