ABOUT US Bright Health is delivering a smarter, more connected healthcare experience. Our affordable health insurance plans and exclusive partnerships with leading health systems are reshaping how people and physicians achieve better health. Today, Bright Health provides health insurance to individuals in Colorado, Arizona, and Alabama in both the Individual and Medicare Advantage space. Come join our mission: Making Healthcare Right. Together! YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES Bright Health’s Analytics Team is working to push boundaries to redefine what strong analytics can accomplish in health care. As an Enterprise Data Warehouse Consultant, you will help advance the delivery of Bright’s data warehouse capability to support our operational, tactical and strategic reporting. By using your strong blend of analytical and business skill, you will work as strategic thought partner to all areas of the business and will contribute to a culture of theory testing and data-driven decision making. You will participate in the end-to-end delivery lifecycle of such projects from business requirements gathering to solution design, development, testing and roll-out. REQUIREMENTS This is a business-facing role, with a strong focus on building relationships with internal stakeholders as well as external vendors. You enjoy the relationship between people, data, technology, and finding solutions. You have 5+ years experience working across healthcare data in technical and business capacities. Specifically, you have strong knowledge of claims data, prior authorization data, and provider-side data. You have a foot in both the analytics world and the business world, and you can easily pivot between the two. Comfortable speaking both ‘business’ and ‘data’ with our internal teams and external vendors to understand business questions, develop ways to answer those questions, and communicate those answers to stakeholders You are well versed in reporting and requirements gathering Strong understanding of Data Warehousing concepts You have experience building business cases for development work The ability to breakdown requirements into user stories of sufficiently small scope to be included in development iteration Ability to participate in the design process, including database design You are familiar with concepts related to ETL, relational database systems, SQL languages and data structures, allowing you to work smoothly and effectively with technical team members. Experience writing SQL statements to perform data analysis Experience as a user with Tableau/data visualizations ATTRIBUTES First and foremost, you are a business wrangler. You’re excellent at building great relationships with business users and stakeholders in order to understand the business needs and work to a solution. You can operate at the 360degree view of an organization and zone in on needs with an eye for prioritization. You have a strong bias toward action, and always operate with a high degree of urgency. You apply a level of analytic rigor that appropriately matches the business need, and you do not compromise on strong data management practices. You are deeply analytical and take a quantitative approach to decision making. Ability to reach beyond comfort zones and familiar algorithms in order to find the best solutions to business challenges. Additionally, you are an eager learner, collaborative partner, easy communicator, and careful analyst with a passion for empirical research and answering hard questions with data. We've won some fun awards like: Great Places to Work, Modern Healthcare, Forbes, etc. But more than anything, we're a group of people who are really dedicated to our mission in healthcare. Come join our growing team!