Description Service, Science, Sustainability Under the leadership of the Commissioner of Public Lands, our work at the Department of Natural Resources (DNR) is done with the public's interest in mind, which means transparency and public knowledge. Our decisions are guided by sound science as we manage state trust lands, native ecosystems and natural resources. We support the vision of a sustainable future by protecting and managing the natural resources so future generations will have them. DNR manages over 5 million acres of state-owned land that includes forest, range, commercial, agricultural and aquatic lands. We generate revenue that supports public schools, state institutions and county services. But managing lands is only half of our story. We also protect other public resources such as fish, wildlife, water, and provide public access to outdoor recreation. Two of our largest and most important state-wide resource protection responsibilities are fire prevention and suppression, and overseeing forest practices. The DNR has an annual operating budget of approximately $245 million and has over 1300 permanent employees with approximately 500 additional staff hired during the summer fire season. We have some of the most talented people in the industry. We honor diversity in the workplace and support one another with respect and trust. We invite you to learn more about our culture, our careers, and why some of the top forestry and natural science professionals have joined Washington DNR by visiting our DNR website. Duties Systems Administrator Information Technology Specialist 3 (ITS3) Recruitment 2018-08-7255 SALARY RANGE: $4,487 – $6,038 per month TYPE OF POSITION: Permanent, Full-time. This position is represented by the WFSE. LOCATION: Olympia, Washington CLOSES: 23 August 2018 Note: Recruitment may be extended after August 23 depending on the quantity and quality of the application pool. POSITION PROFILE: This position manages agency technical solutions for Malware Protection, Wireless Networking, and Network Monitoring. This includes using established work procedures, innovative approaches to complete assignments, conducts needs assessments, creates installation plans, serves as the system administrator for agency's malware protection solution, serves as an administrator for the agency's Wireless Network solution, and serves as an administrator for the agency's Systems Monitoring solution. Qualifications REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: Two (2) years of professional experience with Windows 7 and newer desktop operating systems. Experience must be in an enterprise environment of 100 workstations or more. Two (2) years of professional experience, in the last 5 years, with Windows Server Administration at an intermediate level. Must have experience installing, configuring, and maintaining Windows server systems to include: Troubleshooting using system logs and tools Microsoft Windows 2008, 2012, and 2016. Troubleshooting using system logs and system monitoring tools. NTFS permission inheritance and settings TCP/IP networking in windows systems Two (2) years of professional experience, in the last 5 years, with Wide Area Network (WAN) and Local Area Network (LAN) administration at an intermediate level. Must have experience in an enterprise environment configuring, upgrading, and troubleshooting managed switches and routers to include: Troubleshooting network issues on network equipment Troubleshooting WAN issues with third party vendors to resolve WAN circuit issues Network monitoring for quick response to outages and issues. DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS: Experience centrally managing a malware protection solution in an enterprise environment of 100 or more computers. Experience or education in cyber security Associates Degree in Computer Science. MCSE, MCSA, MCITP, and Network+ certifications. Experience managing Microsoft SCCM Experience with Active Directory and Group Policies SPECIAL POSITION REQUIREMENTS AND WORKING CONDITIONS: The incumbent in this position is required to travel. Supplemental Information WHO MAY APPLY This recruitment is open to anyone who meets the required qualifications for this position. APPLICATION PROCESS To be considered you must apply online at www.careers.wa.gov ( Click on the APPLY button above ) You must complete the entire online application to be considered for the position. You must submit the following Attach a letter of interest describing how your experience and qualifications relate to the position profile, required and desired position qualifications, and special position requirements. Attach your Resume The names of three to five professional references – you may attach a document, use the References text field in the online application, or include with resume _._ Carefully review your application materials before submitting. If you fail to submit the required documents or complete the entire online application, you may no longer be considered for the position by the supervisor. Application Status – once you submit your online application, you can check your status by logging into your account. Finalists for the position will be contacted by the hiring managers directly. Questions? Please contact Rod Andreas at (360)902-1512, rod.andreas@dnr.wa.gov or e-mail us at DNRrecruiting@dnr.wa.gov. By submitting the application materials you are indicating that all information is true and correct to the best of your knowledge. You understand that the state may verify information and that untruthful or misleading information is cause for removal from applicant pool or dismissal if employed. This announcement is published by the Washington State Department of Natural Resources (DNR). Washington State Department of Natural Resources is an Equal Opportunity Employer and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any kind. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities in a fair and impartial manner for all persons without regard to age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, race, creed, color, national origin, religion, genetic information, military status, or the presence of any sensory, mental or physical disability or the use of a trained dog guide or service animal by a person with a disability. Persons with a disability who need assistance during the screening process or those needing this announcement in an alternative format may contact DNR Recruiting staff (360) 902-1350 or (360) 902-1128. DNR may be contacted using the Washington State Telecommunications Relay Service (TRS) by dialing 711.