The Process Tech/Operator for Process Development and 3D Integration at Rigetti will provide process, metrology, and data gathering support for engineers for the development and 3D integration of novel quantum integrated circuits. Rigetti Computing is building the world’s most powerful computers to help solve humanity’s most pressing and important problems. These systems will perform computations that today’s fastest supercomputers are incapable of— unlocking entirely new classes of problems and offering a direct path to solutions. We are scientists, engineers, builders, and visionaries. We believe quantum computing is going to significantly affect health care, how we treat disease, how we generate energy, and how we feed humanity. Rigetti is the only company deploying full-stack solutions for hybrid classical/quantum computing. Our 19-qubit quantum computer is available online through our Forest platform, and the first commercially useful applications are already under exploration. Key Responsibilities Operate die preparation, thermo-compression bonder, vacuum evaporator (solder) tools for 3D Integration, Lithography, DRIE and PVD tools for component wafer processing in a cleanroom environment under direction of Process Engineers Carry out equipment and process calibration Process devices following standard operating procedures Assist with routine facility upkeep, including chemical waste disposal and replacing gas cylinders as needed Participate in Environmental, Safety, and Health program Assist all other team members as necessary About You 5+ years relevant hands-on Semiconductor / MEMS Fab experience Comfortable working in cleanroom environment, including hazmat handling protocols Experience in a small and/or large Fab process environment Hands-on experience using and operating wide range of semiconductor/MEMS processing tools such as die bonders, Flip Chip assembly, Wafer dicers, PVD, Dry etch, SEM and other metrology tools Excellent communications skills, ability to follow verbal and written instructions, meticulous and detail-oriented, thrives in a fast-paced team environment High degree of comfort with flexible, agile small company environment Flexibility in work hours and work days Preferred Qualifications Additional relevant work experience in industry BS in Engineering Cross-functional experience in both research and production environments Experience with small teams or other small-company/startup work environments We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Rigetti Computing offers a comprehensive benefits package, including healthcare coverage. For more information, refer to our Careers page here. ABOUT RIGETTI Rigetti Computing is a full-stack quantum computing company. We design and manufacture superconducting quantum integrated circuits. We package and deploy those chips in a low temperature environment, and we build control systems to perform quantum logic operations on them. We build software to integrate our systems directly into existing cloud infrastructure. We believe the first useful quantum computers are within reach, and we believe quantum computing has the potential to one day have an enormous positive impact on humanity. To help realize that vision, we also develop new algorithms for quantum computing, with a focus on near-term applications in computational chemistry and machine learning. Our product, Forest, is the world’s first full-stack programming and execution environment for quantum/classical computing. Forest includes Quil (quantum instruction language), our programming standard for quantum/classical computing. Rigetti Fab-1 was launched in June 2017 as the world’s first commercial foundry for quantum integrated circuits. Fab-1 is based on the latest semiconductor processing tools and technology, but, unlike traditional fabs, operates in rapid-iteration mode. For more information, refer to our About page here. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Rigetti Computing offers a comprehensive benefits package, including healthcare coverage. For more information, refer to our Careers page. ABOUT RIGETTI Rigetti Computing is a full-stack quantum computing company based in Berkeley and Fremont, CA. We design and manufacture superconducting quantum integrated circuits. We package and deploy those chips in a low-temperature environment, and we build control systems to perform quantum logic operations on them. We build software to integrate our systems directly into existing cloud infrastructure. Our product, Forest, is the world’s first full-stack programming and execution environment for quantum/classical computing. Forest includes Quil (quantum instruction language), our programming standard for quantum/classical computing. We were founded by Chad Rigetti in 2013, and today employ over 100 people, about 40 of whom hold PhDs in physics, computer science, math, chemistry or engineering. For more information, refer to our About page.