Overview The Marketing Store is a global company that brings the spirit of brands to life. Our clients include a wide range of the worlds’ top brands and marketers. We have a positive culture and work environment that promotes personal and professional growth. Having developed an insightful, strategic, brand-building process for creating advertising campaigns, we have adapted this same thinking to promotions, digital, direct, the Internet, CRM, premiums and events. The result is unique solutions that cover the gamut of marketing channels. Reporting to the Director, Business Analysis, the Business Analyst (BA) will define business requirements in written format for technical, data driven solutions, including business intelligence, reporting, and analytics. The documents are used for technical specifications and to manage the projects for scope creep. They form the basis of all historical work done by the agency and are of critical importance. The BA will work closely with the Account Management, Development and Project Management teams to help create competitive features for our solutions and identify and manage scope creep. This position is available for candidates located in either Chicago, IL or Toronto, CA! Responsibilities Duties and Responsibilities Elicits requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, business rules analysis, metrics & KPI definition, use cases, and other BA tools and techniques as required Works with the Account Management, Strategy, and Executive Leadership teams and our clients to determine and develop business requirements for new and existing technical projects Collaborates with Development/Testing/Support teams and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs Proactively communicates and collaborates with external and internal stakeholders to analyze information needs for functional requirements Facilitates the Quality Assurance (QA) team in writing test cases for solution validation Acts as the liaison between clients, business units, technology teams and support teams Ensure documentation on the product stays relevant and requirements are detailed enough to manage assumptions, risks, and out-of-scope situations Desired Skills & Experience Required Skills and Competencies 3+ years’ experience working on data-driven or software/application/web-based projects, or in the marketing and communications field as a BA working with technical solutions ECBA, CCBA or CBAP or other certificate related to Business Analysis would be an asset Post-secondary education in a relevant field, ideally Business/IT Management/Computer Science Strong analytical skills required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into functional and non-functional requirements Knowledge of the Software Development Life Cycle, waterfall and agile project frameworks Highly organized with an ability to work under tight deadlines and shifting priorities Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group including clients, executives, managers, and subject matter experts Strong interview and facilitation skills to gather requirements from other lines of business Inquisitive nature and outspoken when important information needs to be discussed Ability to manage stakeholders with differing priorities to reach consensus on requirements Ability and desire to navigate ambiguity, overcome confusion and simplify complex situations Ability to write clear yet concise requirements with an emphasis of quality over quantity Understanding of concepts related to data architecture and relational database design Experience in designing complex data-driven applications & reports Ability to work with User Interface elements to develop mockups and wireframes Proficient with MS Office – Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook and Visio Benefits The Marketing Store provides comprehensive benefits offerings to all full-time employees starting on day one. Our benefits include options for medical and dental insurance, 401(k) plan with Company matching provision, profit sharing, flexible spending accounts, tuition reimbursement, life insurance, health and wellness benefits (including discounts on products & services), employee assistance program, and disability insurance. Thank you for your interest in The Marketing Store. Please note that we will only contact candidates who are selected for an interview. The Marketing Store is an equal opportunity employer. We do not accept unsolicited calls, resumes or candidate referrals from recruiters and agencies.