Overview Contribute to a Safer, More Secure, and More Sustainable World _ThisIsOurNormal_ At UL, we know why we come to work. Thousands of us around the world wake up every day with one common purpose – to make the world a safer, more secure, and more sustainable place to live. We clear the way for our customers to introduce the latest products, technological advances, and systems in an increasingly complex world so they can provide peace of mind to the market. Our integrity is woven throughout our company and shapes the way we approach and deliver our solutions. We are proud that the work we do every day has a meaningful contribution to society. We continue to build upon our legacy of trusted expertise and partnership to keep our communities safe and secure as we march forward into the future. This helps us to sleep better at night, and we are confident that the millions of people we touch rest easier too. Responsibilities We are seeking a Senior Full-Stack Developer to join our team! In this position, you will work with internal/external customers to identify development needs for both back-end and front-end systems. Our ideal person is a self-starter, has a thorough understanding of Ruby, Rails, CSS, React, and Postgres. You will also take on a mentoring role for our Jr Developers, previous leadership roles/projects would be beneficial for this opportunity. This position is remote and can be located anywhere in the U.S.! Additional responsibilities include: Supporting the analysis, development, modification, testing and maintenance of web based software. Evaluates supplied software products and applications. Analyzes system requirements, preparing of specifications, designing, coding, testing, debugging and documenting. Implements complex requirements for multiple platforms, operating systems, and applications. Supports the identification of system requirements by interviewing users, analyzing applications, evaluating existing and proposed systems, and recommending solutions. Independently analyzes and isolates application issues and performs problem resolution. Monitors progress of software based projects by tracking activity, resolving problems, publishing progress reports, and recommending actions. Improves systems performance by investigating problems, developing specifications, identifying trends in technology, and recommending solutions. Performs other duties as directed. Qualifications Generally four years of directly related experience. Strong working technical knowledge and/or IT development experience. Experience with Ruby, Rails, React, ES6, Postgres, and DevOps along with basic SQL knowledge. Additional experience with CSS framework (Foundation, Bourbon, Sass) is a plus. Experience working in a docker based environment is a plus. Experience with CI/CD tools such as Jenkins, CircleCI, etc. is a plus. This position is remote and can be located anywhere in the US. _Internal title for this position is IT Development Analyst_ CB