_For more than a century, Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine (PCOM) has trained highly competent, caring physicians, health practitioners and behavioral scientists who practice a "whole person" approach — treating people, not just symptoms._ __ _At the main campus in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and the branch campus in Suwanee, Georgia, PCOM students learn to approach problem solving in a more professional, more team-oriented manner, which prepares them to work successfully in integrated healthcare settings with other health professionals. Both campuses feature modern facilities and state-of-the-art technologies, all part of an innovative learning environment designed for collaboration and interaction._ Job Details Data Entry Coordinator (003321) Job Number: 003321 Job Title: Data Entry Coordinator Number of Openings: 1 Job Type (Employment Type): Direct Hire Country: United States State/Province: Pennsylvania City: Philadelphia Job Schedule: Full Time Job Category: Computers/Information Technology - Data Entry Keyer Career Level: Entry Level of Education: High School Degree Years of Experience: 5 Position Description We are looking for a Data Entry Coordinator to maintenance and management of the department of Student Residency Medical Records and other department’s E.M.R system and its requirements. Responsibilities Transfer data from paper formats into computer files or database systems using keyboards, data recorders or optical scanners. Tracking incomplete records and sending electric reminder updates to all students and residents of incomplete file. Create and provide quarter reports to department Assistant Director. Verify data by comparing it to source documents. Working directly with PCOM registrar’s office to ensure all PCOM students and residents are in the e-value system. Retrieve data from the database or electronic files as requested. Perform regular backups to ensure data preservation. Sort and organize paperwork after entering data to ensure it is not lost. Set department goals for E.R.M. Creating auto reminder notifications for requirements and annual updates. Requirements 1\. Performs duties as defined in practice standards established by PCOM. 2\. Encouraged to provide feedback relating to office procedure to enhance overall efficiency of the office of SWC. Good command of English both oral, written and excellent customer service skills. Must be willing to learn other areas of the department and willing to cover if necessary. Other duties as assigned Position Requirements High School diploma or equivalent Knowledge of touch typing system is strongly preferred Excellent knowledge of word processing tools and spreadsheets (MS Office Word, Excel etc.) Working knowledge of office equipment and computer hardware and peripheral devices,Banner,E-value system The ideal candidate will have 5 years’ experience in health care and medical terminology, Must be computer savvy and a fast typist with a keen eye for detail. You will report to Student, Resident Medical, and Records (Assistant Director) and work closely with other department heads and e-value data team members. Understanding of data confidentiality principles is compulsory. . PCOM will rely on you for having accurate and updated data that are easily accessible through a digital database. Application Instructions All inquiries must include a curriculum vitae or resume, salary requirements, and three (3 names of references, preferably from current or former supervisors.