This Senior Cloud Services Engineer is a full-time position located at the Nielsen Qterics facility in Plymouth, MN. Job Tasks Qterics, a Nielsen company provides a cloud hosted comprehensive device management solution which enables consumer electronics manufacturers to efficiently and effectively manage, maintain, and support Internet of Things devices including TVs, Blu-ray disc players, set-top boxes, tablets, mobile phones, gaming consoles, and more. We are looking for an experienced software developer of cloud-hosted REST Web services. In addition to services supporting large populations of Internet of Things devices services also support administration via web user interfaces as well as reporting targeting multiple user communities. Some services also support web user interfaces that are used by technicians involved in the remote support of smart devices, including video streaming capabilities. Design challenges include creating solutions that scale for very large and diverse device populations while minimizing the cost of the infrastructure needed to support these populations. Additionally, security and privacy are concerns that are woven into all of these solutions. Even though we are a part of a large organization, our team is small and we focus on the services that we provide. In this small team environment, a web services engineer at Qterics will be involved in all aspects of our services. Therefore, it is important to have flexibility and an interest in crossing many different problem spaces in a relatively short period of time. Qterics as well as Nielsen as a whole practice Agile development processes utilizing Atlassian toolsets. Required Qualifications 5+ years of experience developing web services Java and Spring framework or similar experience Deployment to Amazon Web Services or similar cloud infrastructure environments Ability to turn requirements and problem descriptions into scalable, performant and secure web services Strong communications skills including an ability to create web services and work with business colleagues, architects and other engineers to refine designs and implementations Other Skills and Experience Web user interface design and implementation. Ember, Angular or similar framework. SQL Agile development process Atlassian tools (Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket / Git) Jenkins LI-GN _Gracenote, a Nielsen company, is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. In the United States, we are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class._