Job Description The Autonomous Vehicles & Controls group is hiring talented engineers to develop control algorithms to provide robust decision making, path planning, and path following algorithms and systems. Join our global team to help us develop these algorithms and systems, and deliver autonomous vehicles. As a member of our Autonomous Vehicle team, you will: Develop advanced control algorithms and/or artificial intelligence that contribute to the proper decision and robust operation of our autonomous vehicles Develop scenarios and use cases to ensure comprehensive and credible validation of the developed algorithms and autonomous vehicle systems Collaborate with diverse team members in a wide range of disciplines including Robotics, Control Engineering, Machine Learning, Computer Vision, and Dynamics Minimum Qualification: Master’s degree in computer science, electrical engineering, computer engineering, or mechanical engineering 2+ years of experience in control theory, including LQR, Kalman Filters, etc. 1+ years of experience C++ programming, software design, and debugging skills in a Linux environment. 1+ years of experience with Python, Matlab/Simulink Preferred Qualification: PhD in automotive/electrical/mechanical engineering with experience in automotive and/or robotics motion controls, and vehicle dynamics Experience in analyzing complex dynamic systems and designing control algorithms to meet performance targets Advanced knowledge in Machine Learning Familiarity with Unreal Engine, Unity Game, Sumo, or Vissim simulators Familiarity with industrial/scientific simulators and their software architecture, and database technologies Experience in application of Reinforcement Learning Experience with software traceability Experience in developing and implementing safety-critical functions (e.g. fault handling) Familiarity with autonomous driving, including path planning and vehicle motion planning, sensing and perception challenges Experience in the design and architecture of safety-critical systems Experience in developing and implementing safety-critical functions related to fault handling, state management, and system redundancy Experience with system modeling tools such as SysML Familiarity with GPU technology, image processing, and computer vision Passionate about helping to ensure the reliability of a safety critical system The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Visa sponsorship may be available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.