Core Services Engineering builds and manages the critical products and services that Microsoft runs on. We boldly pursue big ideas that power transformational advances at Microsoft and for our customers, while helping Microsoft teams work smarter, faster and more securely every day. Core Services Engineering employees have deep technical and business expertise, customer insights, and a clear point of view that comes from first-hand, large-scale experience with Microsoft and industry solutions. We are engineers, technology leaders and experts, digital transformation change agents, and customer advocates. We have exciting opportunities for you to innovate, influence, transform, inspire and grow within our organization and we encourage you to apply to learn more! Job Description: Do you embrace data? Are you a data-minded engineer who has a passion for making sense of what is happening and how it can be improved? Are you excited about all the emerging technologies around SQL, the Cortana Analytics suite, PowerBI and big data in general? We are the Global Hosting and Integrations team inside of CSE and we work within a broader organization that provides foundational IT services to the rest of the company. Our work enables GHI to run the IT services supporting Microsoft Lab Services, Microsoft Technology Centers, and much more. We deliver processes to help our org manage and decipher the data surrounding their services. We produce the right information enabling IT service management & decision making. Responsibilities Key responsibilities: Own the point of view for our BI Visualization, standardization, and alignment with overall organizational design patterns Work to identify datasets, build reporting dashboards, and manage vendor resources to assist in the work SQL development and support of existing SQL based implementations Partnering with the team and our customers to plan our sprints and user stories Planning the technical roadmap of our BI platform based on investigations of emerging technologies If these areas excite you and you are looking for a place where technology, IT and business value intersect, then we would greatly welcome your interest in our team! Qualifications Knowledge, experience and skills: 2+ years of PowerBI experience 3+ years of SQL development experience building database development and data warehousing Experience building executive/leadership dashboards Experience gathering requirements, data analysis, gap analysis and documentation Experience using Agile Development processes Great written and verbal communication skills Preferred, not required: The ability to analyze problems and make appropriate decisions quickly Ability to own a subject area, determine a path and drive for results Basic Qualification: •2+ years of Power BI experience. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com.