Job Description: Patent Search Analysts specialize in conducting patent searches for clients. They utilize their technical background and experiences to understand and visualize each invention or patent disclosure; and apply critical thinking, mechanical reasoning and problem-solving skills to conduct a focused and comprehensive search for prior art references for a search report. Search Analysts appreciate how things work. Search Analysts work with constantly new inventions and cutting-edge technologies, with each project providing unique and broad challenges. Search analysts work on various types of projects, including, examination, patentability, invalidity, state of the art, and freedom to operate searches. This position is located in Evanston, IL. Position Responsibilities/Duties: Search analysts are responsible for conducting patent search projects to the expected qualities and on a timely manner. For each search project, search analysts are responsible for understanding invention disclosures in their technical area; constructing and conducting search strategies; and completing a search report. Search analysts are also responsible for meeting deadlines and managing the assignments on their dockets. Search analysts are also responsible for effective communication with other staff and team members, and are expected to work and be available during expected work hours. Required Skills and Abilities: Performance requirements: Patent search or research experience – i.e., familiarities with search engines. Technical understanding of the invention disclosure, and identification of search focus. Problem solving skills in constructing and conducting patent searches using various search engines. Biomedical Engineering background. Biology background. Critical thinking skills to analyze found results and completing a search report. Mechanical Reasoning skills for mentally visualizing structure and operation of inventions and prior art. Other skills: Self-motivated to work effectively and efficiently. Attention to detail and ability to meet deadlines. Ability to comprehend complex machinery with many moving parts. Hands-on / real world experience, including hobbies such as Building Carpentry Fixing / repairing things Mechanical ‘tinkering’ Aptitude for understanding how things work. Qualifications: Bachelors in Biology, Mechanical Engineering, or similar Engineering discipline such as: aerospace, agricultural, biosystems, biomedical, electro-mechanical, automotive, structural, manufacturing or general engineering. Patent law, legal experience, or J.D. preferred, but not required. Cardinal Intellectual Property, Inc. is a global leader in patent and trademark service, and a provider of software services for intellectual property management. As a leader in the patent research industry, Cardinal IP has been contracted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to conduct their PCT searches and prepare the preliminary opinions across all subject categories. Our technology solutions for intellectual property management include Invention Disclosure Processing, Docketing, E-Discovery, and Competitive Monitoring. Our technology platforms incorporate rigorous security and data protection standards, and we maintain confidentiality using the same diligence and procedures as a law firm. Cardinal Intellectual Property, Inc. provides equal opportunity in employment to all employees and applicants for employment. No person will be discriminated against in employment because of race, religion, color, sex, gender, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, disability, sexual orientation, military status, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable Federal, State or local statute or ordinance. XJ6