About FTI Consulting FTI Consulting, Inc. is a global business advisory firm dedicated to helping organizations manage change, mitigate risk and resolve disputes: financial, legal, operational, political & regulatory, reputational and transactional. With more than 4,600 employees located in 28 countries, FTI Consulting professionals work closely with clients to anticipate, illuminate and overcome complex business challenges and make the most of opportunities. The Company generated $1.81 billion in revenues during fiscal year 2017. For more information, visit www.fticonsulting.com and connect with us on Twitter (@FTIConsulting) , Facebook and LinkedIn . FTI Consulting continually strives to offer employees and eligible dependents, including domestic partners and eligible domestic partner children, a competitive and comprehensive benefits package. Please click here for more information. FTI Consulting does not accept unsolicited resumes from external firms or agencies. FTI Consulting will not be responsible for placement fees associated with unsolicited resumes. FTI Consulting is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, protected veteran status, religion, physical or mental disability, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation. About Forensic & Litigation Consulting The Forensic and Litigation Consulting practice at FTI Consulting provides multidisciplinary, independent dispute advisory, investigative, data acquisition/analysis and forensic accounting services to the global business and legal community. Our team supports clients facing high stakes litigation, arbitration and compliance investigations, and regulatory scrutiny. About The Opportunity: Consultants are expected to have and use certain technical skills, including academic training, in several areas and also possess important performance skills. The types of experience required will cover a broad range of topics including the following: Online repository systems for multiparty litigation and ADR proceedings Evidence tracking systems Document imaging/OCR Database administration and training Litigation support Corporate research Primary Duties: Effective communication is essential for this position. The job requires the ability to recognize key information obtained from primary and secondary source materials and synthesize it in a concise manner. The ideal candidate will have knowledge and experience with managing, processing and hosting electronically stored information ("ESI") including the management and oversight of document coding and document unitization tasks. The ideal candidate will have a working knowledge of a broad range of software programs and file formats, and the ability to successfully troubleshoot data compatibility issues. Experience with network administration and the assignment and management of group security policies is a plus. The duties for this position will include conducting research in a wide variety of repositories to identify and obtain potentially relevant records. As a result, duties will also include copying, organizing, labeling and compiling materials for delivery to clients, both in electronic and paper formats. The applicant will also be expected to undertake other duties as assigned, including out-of-state travel lasting up to 2 weeks per trip. Perform detailed analyses of relevant data, with recommendations as appropriate; use creative problem solving skills. Identify essential facts; summarize case information. Basic Qualifications: B.S./B.A., Associates Degree, Paralegal Certificate, Legal Secretary Certificate, or degree in process Familiar with the EDRM and e-discovery production protocols Experience with Microsoft Office (Word, Access, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Adobe Acrobat, Microsoft Operating System Able to type 45 wpm with 90 percent accuracy Preferred Skills: 2 years related experience in litigation support services Experience with environmental litigation Experience with database data entry Experience with Ringtail, Relativity, Concordance, Summation or other TAR tool Experience with image and data load files, Bates numbering and OCR Ability to think analytically and critically Good verbal and written communication skills Ability to solve problems while exhibiting good judgment Commitment to producing high quality analysis Able to create letters, tables, and memoranda in Word using available templates Internet research skills including knowledge of search engines, key word searches, and electronic resources Ability to perform a wide variety of tasks and respond appropriately to unexpected delays or schedule changes Ability to operate independently, using independent judgment and discretion in analyses Commitments to providing professional services and have strong team orientation Ability to plan, prioritize, and set goals Excellent organizational skills Position Classification: Exempt