Our Exciting Work Environment This position will be based out of Delaware North’s new global headquarters, a state-of-the-art, 12-story, mixed-use building in downtown Buffalo, N.Y. The headquarters facility, reflective of our values, integrates the latest advances in environmental, energy conservation and office design. The Opportunity Perform normal database administration tasks to monitor performance, maintain databases and implement upgrades as needed, keeping current of changes for vendor, security and platform releases. Administer a collection of ~250 servers & ~600 point-of-sale workstations running Microsoft SQL Server housed on physical servers, on premise virtual appliances and in the Amazon AWS cloud. Install and configure new database Servers including MSSQL, AWS RDS, etc. Manage production environment to ensure high availability, good performance and sufficient capacity. Perform system support and maintenance functions. Develop and maintain standard documentation for system configuration and support. Maintain database schemas, query logic and report definitions for various in-house-developed/focused applications. Manage vendor relationship(s). Work closely with vendor(s) to complete project and for resolution of problems. Ensure all database servers are backed up in a way that meets the business’s Recovery Point Objectives (RPO). Test backups to ensure we can meet the business’ Recovery Time Objectives (RTO). Provide direction and guidance to design, integrate and implement systems supporting company and systems initiatives. Ability to participate in business meetings. Collate asset and budget raw data for annual IT budget recommendations to present to business leadership. Participate in preparation efforts and implementation of annual PCI audit. Investigate and remediate reports of sensitive data stored unencrypted in databases or throughout computer file systems. Document, maintain and provide strategic changes to the company’s database standards/best practices. Document the company’s database environment. Identify and design new database architectures as new systems are brought in-house. Installing and hardening database environments to meet project, application and industry standards/specifications. Provide on-call 24/7 support for database including after-hours and weekends. Cursory troubleshooting and resolving of database performance issues ranging from indexing issues, system misconfiguration or application coding issues working with application vendors. Configure SQL Server monitoring utilities to minimize false alarms. Oversee junior resources as needed. Requires 3 - 5 years with the following: Microsoft SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS MySQL PostGreSQL Amazon AWS RDS, RedShift, EC2 and S3 MongoDB VMware PowerShell, Python and/or other scripting languages Automation, development or DevOps experience Who We Are Take your career beyond the ordinary—to the extraordinary. At Delaware North, you’ll love where you work, who you work with, and how your day unfolds. Whether it’s in sporting venues, casinos, airports, national parks, iconic hotels, or premier restaurants, there’s no telling where your career can ultimately take you. We empower you to do great work in a company with 100 years of success, stability and growth. If you have drive and enjoy the thrill of making things happen - share our vision, grow with us. Delaware North is one of the largest and most admired, privately-held hospitality companies in the world. Founded and owned by the Jacobs family for nearly 100 years, it is a global leader in hospitality and food service with operations in the sports, travel hospitality, restaurants and catering, parks, resorts, gaming and specialty retail industries. Delaware North has annual revenue exceeding $3 billion with 60,000 employee associates. To learn more, visit www.delawarenorth.com. All applicants will be subject to a pre-employment background check and may be subject to a pre-employment drug test depending upon the position and/or client requirements. Delaware North Companies, Incorporated and its subsidiaries consider applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. Delaware North is an equal opportunity employer. LI-PE1