METTLER-TOLEDO Process Analytics (MTPRO-US http://www.mt.com/pro) is a leading supplier to end-users and system integrators for liquid analytical measurement solutions to control production processes. METTLER TOLEDO Thornton, a Strategic Business Unit within MTPRO, is a leading producer of on-line electrochemical liquid analytical measurement parameters such as conductivity, pH, dissolved oxygen and Total Organic Carbon, especially for pure and ultrapure water in pharmaceutical/biotech, microelectronics and power generation markets. We are seeking an energetic Quality Manager who will be is responsible for working with all departments to ensure that products and services delivered to internal and external customers meet exacting quality standards. As a leader, you will recommend and champion quality improvements and changes to development processes, procedures, and work products to correct deficiencies and noncompliance; managing the Quality Team on site to ensure achievement of key objectives. You will be a key figure in driving transparency and continuous improvement activities within department. Key Skills for Success Six Sigma training with a minimum green belt certification Working knowledge and experience with ISO 9001, CE, FDA, EX requirements Responsibilities Develop and maintain all documentation related to the QMS. Maintain Calibration database and provide transparency to ensure equipment is available and ready to use in Production Address all necessary Customer certification requests Act as Lead Auditor for all Internal Audits Manage External Regulatory Audits and Customer Audits; Conduct employee Quality system related training to include ISO/EX processes and procedures Regulatory Submissions Coordination of regulatory submissions and representation of the function in contact with regulatory agencies and other essential functions. Providing relevant regulatory input to ensure optimal labeling in all markets. For Released Products, produce quality regulatory submissions in a timely manner in collaboration with other departments. Provide input into structure and content of key regulatory documents. Ensure questions and commitments from authorities and subsidiaries are proactively communicated throughout the organization. This includes proactive communication of changes to relevant regulatory standards. Communicate requirements to Product Management for updating regulatory documentation for marketed products. Take the lead in the interaction with regulatory agencies for the defined markets during product lifecycle. Chair the Management Review meetings and ensure senior management is fully engaged in the execution of the Quality program and they remain informed of progress and hurdles. In NPDI projects, ensure that the voice of the customer, fit for use, and compliance aspects are addressed Do You Have? Bachelor’s degree, Engineering emphasis preferred or related field, At least 5 years' experience in a Quality position; or equivalent combination of education and experience Highly organized; familiar with a fast-paced, precision manufacturing environment Knowledge of supplier Quality and Customer Quality Thorough knowledge of Statistical Process Control data collection methods Knowledge of use of a wide variety of measuring instruments and complicated drawings. CQx Certification (i.e. CQE, CQA, CMQOE) is a plus We Give You: Medical, dental and vision care coverage and a 401(k) savings plan with company matching – all starting on date of hire Wellness programs, tuition reimbursement, development opportunities And, all the usual such as paid time off, flexible spending, short-and long-term disability, basic life insurance, business travel insurance, Employee Assistance Program, and domestic partner benefits Apply Here Working at Mettler Toledo means you are impacting the world in important ways. Our precision measuring devices span the world's laboratories, production facilities, and retail stores. We manufacture, sell, and service instruments that detect, measure, and weigh - from the infinitely small to the largest of vehicles or airplanes. We Have: Global market strength and worldwide leadership A brand name that is identified worldwide with precision, quality, and innovation Thousands of patents, design and innovation awards High earning potential with a consistent track record of success and promotional growth opportunities State-of-the-art instrumentation and solutions For those who prioritize precision, Mettler Toledo is precisely where you belong. Learn more about us at www.mt.com or watch our latest video. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We give consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or protected veteran status. If you’d like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please click here. Mettler Toledo endeavors to make www.mt.com accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at EEO@mt.com.