Postdoctoral fellow with patch electrophysiology expertise: The laboratory of Dr. Andreas Tolias in the Department of Neuroscience at Baylor College of Medicine is seeking applicants for a postdoctoral research position. The postdoctoral fellow will work collaboratively within a multi-disciplinary research team aimed at understanding the structure, function and computations of neocortical microcircuits and to decipher the canonical algorithms they implement. The specific goals of the postdoctoral fellow for this position will be to use multi-patching methods to map out the circuit diagram of the neocortex at the level of cell types across cortical areas and species. The fellow will work closely within an exciting collaborative team combining unique expertise in multi-patching electrophysiology, functional multi-photon imaging, machine learning, molecular neuroscience including single cell RNA- sequencing and computational neuroscience. The ideal applicant should have extensive experience using patch-clamp electrophysiology as their primary research tool. We prefer that you have experience with both in vitro and in vivo preps, or in vitro patching under difficult conditions (dendrites, multiple simultaneous patches, etc.). The postdoctoral fellow will also have the opportunity to develop his/her own project on related topics. Required: Ph.D. The ideal applicant should have extensive experience using patch-clamp electrophysiology as their primary research tool. We prefer that you have experience with both in vitro and in vivo preps, or in vitro patching under difficult conditions (dendrites, multiple simultaneous patches, etc.). You can learn more about our research at http://toliaslab.org and more specific information about the current project in recent publications from our lab Jiang X, Shen S, Cadwell CR, Berens P, Sinz F, Ecker AS, Patel S & Tolias AS (2015). Principles of Connectivity among Morphologically Defined Cell Types in Adult Neocortex. Science. Vol. 350 no. 6264 DOI: 10.1126 http://www.sciencemag.org/content/350/6264/aac9462.abstract Cadwell CR, Palasantza A, Jiang X, Berens P, Deng Q, Yilmaz M, Reimer J, Shen S, Bethge M, Tolias KF, Sandberg R & Tolias AS (2015). Morphological, electrophysiological and transcriptomic profiling of single neurons using Patch-seq. Nature Biotechnology (in press) http://www.sciencemag.org/content/350/6264/aac9462.abstract