Job Summary Creates design documents that ensure consistency in development across the IT organization. Participates in the definition of software architecture to ensure that the IT organization's software solutions are built within a consistent framework and aligned to strategy. Implements activities that generally impact multiple components / processes and the work of own and possibly other teams. Assigned complex undertakings that regularly require the application of independent judgment. Receives work in short– and mid- term outcomes and operates within the context of approved methods. Job Responsibilities Creates design documents that ensure consistency in development across the IT/Engineering organization. Participates in the definition of IT/Engineering architecture to ensure that the IT/Engineering organization’s solutions are built within a consistent framework. Participates in the decision-making processes related to the selection of software architecture solutions. Serves as a technical and business-savvy resource to software development engineering personnel on a range of software design issues. Implements and improves core software infrastructure. Participates in improving software development lifecycle, technical operations and technology innovation. Participates in developing technical / business approaches and new or enhanced technical tools. Shares complex information related to areas of expertise and/or to gain acceptance of new or enhanced technology / business solutions. Effectively resolves problems and roadblocks as they occur. May perform systems and applications performance characterization and trade-off studies through analysis and simulation. Walgreens, one of the nation's largest drugstore chains, is included in the Retail Pharmacy USA Division of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc., the first global pharmacy-led, health and wellbeing enterprise. More than 10 million customers interact with Walgreens each day in communities across America, using the most convenient, multichannel access to consumer goods and services and trusted, cost-effective pharmacy, health and wellness services and advice. Walgreens operates 8,175 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Walgreens omnichannel business includes Walgreens.com. Approximately 400 Walgreens stores offer Healthcare Clinic or other provider retail clinic services. As the neighborhood drugstore and retailer, our goal is to make health and happiness simpler, easier and within reach. And we remain a trusted wellness provider offering convenient access to important health services, such as immunizations and an array of pharmacy services that can help patients improve their health. To our team members, Walgreens represents a unique opportunity to excel in their careers in a welcoming and inclusive environment. We offer the chance to work in a truly supportive environment, and be a part of a progressive organization dedicated to the well-being of our customers, team members and the communities we all call home. Bachelor's Degree and at least 5 years of experience in an IT, Engineering and/or Architect role OR High School Diploma/GED and at least 8 years of experience in an IT, Engineering and/or Architect role. At least 3 years of leadership experience in server side or client side technologies. Experience in domain-specific architecture concepts and emerging technologies. (Design patterns, frameworks, current Java based solutions, mobile, OR Infrastructure Administration OR Data Sciences). At least 1 year of experience in domain-specific Architecture. Experience working with matrix teams including teams in different time zones. Experience creating and promoting guiding development principles and influencing development teams, business users and management in adoption of technical solutions. Willing to travel up to 10% of the time for business purposes (within state and out of state). Master's Degree in Computer Science, Information technology, Engineering, Science, or Math.