Do you have passion for data and building impactful data products? Do you want to see how data drives the transformation of financial services, solve big problems and make a meaningful difference in people’s lives? Upgrade, Inc. is a new consumer credit platform that combines personal loans with tools that help consumers understand, monitor and improve their credit. The company raised $100 million in its first capital raise last year, which remains the largest Series A round ever raised by a fintech company. While the founding team is very accomplished and the business model has been well established, we are still in the early days of this new platform and there is still an opportunity to have a very significant impact. Upgrade has been named a 'Best Place to Work in the Bay Area' by the San Francisco Business Times and Silicon Valley Business Journal. The Company was also recently named the 1 Personal Loan option in Q4 2017 by LendingTree customers. Upgrade is growing its Data Engineering team, working together closely with the Analytics team to ensure we are a data driven organization. Data drives decision making across Product, Marketing, Finance, Risk and all other teams and Data Engineering will help build and maintain the next generation data infrastructure that powers all of it. What you have/are Highly collaborative with analysts, product teams and data scientists with great social skills and high levels of empathy. 2+ years of data engineering experience with python. 2+ years experience in designing, building, maintaining and scheduling efficient, scalable and reliable batch and real-time data pipelines in a cloud environment. Worked in a fast paced environment and been scrappy when needed. You hate doing the same task more than once and always think automation. Strong knowledge of version control with Git. Good SQL skills with the ability of writing complex queries on large data sets. Bonus points for Experience with financial data and its secure storage and retrieval. Experience with docker. Experience with python frameworks such as Flask, SQLAlchemy, Django. What you will do Quickly gain a deep understanding of the business and how data flows through the organization. Collaborate with Analytics, Engineering & Tech Ops teams to understand our source data and help build a world class data warehouse on the cloud which will act as the one source of truth for all information in the organization. Build and own awesome scalable data pipelines to enrich the data warehouse. Work with engineering, product and the business as they plan for new product initiatives or data needs and proactively develop solutions. What you will get An opportunity to be a part of a young organization where what you build will be of great meaningful impact and will pave the way for our future success and yours too. A highly open, collaborative and supportive team environment that will encourage your crazy but brilliant ideas and respect your decisions. Help and support in creating goals that drive you, take on projects that excite you and learn new things everyday. The Good Stuff Great OPEN office location! Conveniently located in San Francisco Financial District. Close to BART and Public Transportation. Comprehensive benefits package: Medical, dental, & vision. Unlimited vacation policy. Kitchen stocked with beverages, snacks & treats. Weekly & monthly social gatherings / happy hours. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.