Under the direction of the Director of Research and Business Intelligence/Designee, the DBA is responsible for providing operational database services to the Cook County Sheriff’s Office. The DBA tracks and resolves database related incidents and requests, fulfills requests, resolves incidents and reviews service related reports (e.g., database backups, maintenance and monitoring) on a daily basis to ensure service related issues are identified and resolved, responds to database related alerts and escalations and works with database engineering to come up with strategic solutions to recurring problems. This position requires a service oriented mentality and a high sense of ownership of the problems and requests assigned with a focus on managing and resolving issues in alignment with service level agreement(s) (SLA). The DBA establishes and maintains communication with technology users to keep them updated on the status of their requests and initiates and performs changes on production systems, proactively escalating any issues that cannot be resolved within the established timeframes. Key Responsibilities and Duties Capacity Management Security Management High Availability Management Backup and Recovery Management Performance Tuning Process Improvements Daily, Weekly and Monthly maintenance Installations / Upgrades / Patching Health Checks / Report Analysis Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Knowledge and experience with Microsoft SQL Database Administration within a SQL 2008/2016 environment. Knowledge of Microsoft Visual Studio 2013, or later version. Knowledge and experience in troubleshooting and resolving database problems. Experience in Performance Tuning and Optimization (PTO), using native monitoring and troubleshooting tools. Experience with backups, restores and recovery models. Knowledge of AlwaysOn, High Availability (HA), and Disaster Recovery (DR) options for MSSQL Server. Experience in implementing operational automation using scripts. Knowledge of indexes, index management and statistics. Knowledge of installation and maintaining of encryption. Ability to be available via remote access. Capable of managing time effectively with minimal supervision. Ability to effectively communicate information, both verbally and written, to end users and executive management. Proficient at preparing user friendly documentation. Minimum Qualifications Possession of a High School diploma or General Education Development (GED) test certificate. Possession of an Associates or higher degree, from an accredited college or university AND/OR five (5) or more years of professional work experience in SQL Database Administration. One (1) or more years of SQL 2016 experience One (1) or more years of AlwaysOn AND/OR High Availability (HA) experience Three (3) or more years of professional work experience in database analysis, design, administration, and operational needs. Three (3) or more years of professional work experience in database performance tuning. Possession of a valid Driver’s License and proof of vehicle insurance, with the ability to operate a motor vehicle. Ability to work any shift assigned, including days, afternoons or midnights; must be capable of working holidays and weekends; must be capable of working mandatory overtime, as required. Preferred Qualifications Possession of a Bachelor’s degree or higher, from an accredited college or university, in Computer Programming, Information Technology or closely related field. Possession of a Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA) – SQL 2016 Database Administrator Certification. Two (2) or more years of professional work experience in creating Entity- Relationship Diagram (ERD) Models and Logical and Physical Models. Two (2) or more years of experience with AlwaysOn, replication and clustering. The duties listed are not set forth for purposes of limiting the assignment of work. They are not to be construed as a complete list of the many duties normally to be performed under a job title or those to be performed temporarily outside an employee’s normal line of work. _The Cook County Sheriff’s Office prohibits all unlawful discrimination in its hiring and promotional process._ _All Cook County Sheriff’s Office employees must apply on the internal employment page to be considered; the application may be accessed via the SheriffNet site._ _Note:_ _All Internal Applicants are subject to Cook County Promotional salary rules if selected._ Benefits: Health Insurance Program – Health Insurance coverage includes medical, dental and vision care and is available for an employee and his/her eligible dependants. Holidays – Twelve (12) Holidays are granted in each Fiscal Year Sick Leave – Granted Sick Leave is earned and accrued at the rate of one (1) day for each month of service and may be accumulated up to one hundred and seventy five (175) working days Vacation Leave – Granted Vacation leave is earned and accrued, with employees having the opportunity to accrue ten (10) days within the Fiscal Year; Vacation leave accruals increase based on an employee’s anniversary date of employment Personal Days – Employees earn and accrue one (1) Personal day per quarter, up to a total of four (4) Personal days per Fiscal Year Life Insurance – Basic term life insurance, equal to one (1) times the employees annual salary, is offered to every employee at no cost and the employee may elect to purchase supplemental coverage Pension Plan – Employees contribute into the Cook County Pension Fund and earn a prescribed percentage for each year of service; employees may be eligible for an annual annuity after ten (10) years of service and upon reaching a certain age based on when the employee started employment Deferred Compensation Program – Employees may elect to enroll in a deferred compensation plan, a tax deferred plan which may be used as a supplemental retirement option