UW Medicine’s IT Services department is looking for an outstanding Analytics Consulting Team Manager to join the team! What are we looking for? Patients Are First focus Customer service mindset Interpersonal skills and teamwork Results-oriented attitude Commitment Adaptability and flexibility What are the perks? Medical insurance at reasonable rates with TEN plans to choose from! Dental Insurance at no cost to you OR your dependents…AND we have three plans for you to choose from! 10 paid holidays annually! 1 personal holiday every year! Generous amounts of vacation and sick leave that you can feel good about taking ( more than 5 work weeks in your first year ) ! TWO Retirement plans to choose from – one even matches 100% of your contributions with immediate vesting! Voluntary Investment program to save more towards your retirement! Deferred Compensation program to save even MORE towards your retirement! Flexible Spending Account...Tax Exempt! Dependent Care Assistance program! On-site Childcare Centers! Long Term Disability insurance! Life and Accidental Death and Dismemberment insurance! U-PASS transportation program and discounted parking…PRE-TAX! Tuition Exemption program – at the UW (and other colleges around the state)! Housing resources and home buying options! Auto, home, renter, and boat group insurance! Valuable membership and merchandise discounts! Federal student loan forgiveness under the Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) program! For all of the specific details on these benefits and more, please click here. The Analytics Group has a dual report into both ITS and UW School of Medicine and provides operational oversight for the major analytics platforms and tools at UW Medicine, and is a key support function as UW Medicine transitions towards value based health care. The Analytics Group is comprised of three teams who provide customer facing functions, development and delivery of existing and new analytics platforms. These teams provide solutions across UW Medicine, although specifically for finance, operations, institutional quality improvement, research and clinical analytics. We are seeking an Analytics Consulting Team Manager (‘Manager’) who will work closely with our customers and a team of Analytics Analysts to collect and organize the analytics requests, provide analysis services, recommend appropriate solutions and manage the work to completion including ensuring our customers have the appropriate level of access to the tools and data needed, and work with the other Analytics teams to ensure we are meeting current and future business needs. The Manager will provide leadership and oversight for management of the overall portfolio of Analytics work. The Manager is responsible for the business analysis function in support of Analytics solutions options for customers, work request justification/return on investment development, department resource utilization analysis, and training delivery. The Manager has responsibility for management of an Analytics SharePoint site, ITS PMO shared tools (e.g., Project Server), and Analytics Service Desk Management. In addition, the Manager will need to support coordination of cross analytic team activities, such as shared data governance and stewardship. This position will need to facilitate and work across many different teams within ITS and across UW Medicine. Within ITS Analytics, the Manager will need to work with all teams to identify appropriate solutions and manage the work holistically. The Analytics consulting team has a mix of senior and junior analysts, with varying levels of data analytics experience. We need to further grow this team and standardize on the overall quality and delivery of analytics consultative assistance. We also need to improve the data analytics guidance and business knowledge of this group to better meet changing needs. There are many relatively new processes, policies and tools for intake, prioritization and overall management of Analytics work requests. The Manager will need to reinforce and refine analytics team capabilities and processes. ITS also has a PMO as well as Change Management and Release teams, and the Manager will need to collaborate with all of these teams to align with their processes and demands. The Manager will also need to work with the many different business customers to organize their requests, communicate status and progress, set priorities and provide training. Finally, the Manager will need to support executive and operational governance groups and processes. UW Medicine is in the midst of a number of transformational initiatives, affecting all aspects of the organization. This role will be pivotal to the delivery of data that is used to better understand, drive and measure these efforts. Responsibilities include: _Customer Engagement (30%)_ The Manager is responsible for development of the best practices, processes and tools by which multiple analytics customers engage with our team. The Manager’s productive collaboration with his/her customer stakeholders is core to the success of the analytics team in the optimal delivery of projects and other work for UW Medicine’s analytics clinical and business customers. Through the intake process and ITS governance committees, the Manager will have regular interaction with management and leadership from across UW Medicine. Establishment of effective customer relationships is critical to the effectiveness of this role. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Build and maintain effective working relationships with analytics customers throughout business and clinical departments. Establish best practices, processes, customer service standards, and communications standards to ensure external customers have appropriate visibility to status of requests and projects. Improve and refine Analytics Curriculum, training supporting materials and communication tools for business partner leaders, analysts and developers. Support the development of data governance, data quality improvement and enterprise data standards across UW Medicine. _Personnel Management (25%)_ The Manager is responsible for managing and growing a team of professional data analysts, business analysts and trainers in the development and management of data analytics best practices and processes. The Analysts’ and Trainers' performances, positive or negative, has a magnified budget and resource impact when applied to the portfolio of scheduled projects for the subsequent 18 months, so successful performance by individual staff will contribute to optimal project scheduling, project focus and resource utilization by all of ITS. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Organize, lead, and motivate a team of customer facing data analysts, business analysts and trainer professionals. Identify and document best practice standards for data analytics consulting with our business, and provide models for the delivery of this service; ensure team members are trained and provide consistent service quality. Regularly review and assess staff performance; conduct annual reviews and ensure each FTE has an active development plan. Identify and put into place remediation plans to ensure optimal performance of staff and consultant business analysis resources. Understanding priorities, risks and constraints, assign staff to the activities within the analytics intake team to best meet customers' needs and in consideration of staff members' professional development. Create processes and programs that encourage teamwork and collaboration. Develop, mentor, and grow people, build skill sets, establish career paths and succession plans. Identify gaps; recruit and retain top talent. Model the behaviors that are consistent with standards of UW Medicine, ITS, and the Analytics group culture. _Analytics Intake Process Management (20%)_ The Manager is responsible for the management of Analytics requests 3 to 24-months in the future. The Manager will manage the group framework from which the entire analytics work portfolio will be established, prioritized and maintained. In addition, the Manager is responsible for facilitating work intake prioritization and scheduling. Finally, the Manager has responsibility for analytics related to projected and utilized labor data across the Analytics group. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Manage and continuously improve Analytics work request intake process, ensuring transparency and a high degree of customer service. Support and manage standard flexible status and reporting tools to be delivered to various customers, including analytics leaders, UW Medicine analytics governance and ITS members, working with the ITS PMO. Manage the analytics work schedule utilizing an appropriate change control process, ensuring a disciplined approach to schedule manipulation. Manage the collection and assessment of new Analytics work requests, ensuring they are efficiently and effectively triaged, assigned and executed to completion. Support continuous improvement of analytics team labor data from the PPM system, working with the ITS PMO. Manage the development and delivery of training for users on analytics processes and standards. _Analytics Group Collaboration (20%)_ The Manager plays a key role in the ITS Services and Analytics management team. As such, this role’s collaboration is critical to the development and continuous improvement of the Analytics group. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Partner with Analytics management team and ITS management teams to continuously improve organization. Working with colleagues, identify challenges and inter-team solutions. Coordinate activities and projects with other leaders/managers in ITS where interdependencies exist. _Vendor Management (5%)_ The Manager may serve as a representative of UW Medicine, ITS, and the Analytics group to multiple software and services vendors. Development of an appropriate relationship with the vendors serves to make efficient use of UW Medicine resources. Additionally, the Intake function may have a role in the management of the Request for Quotations and Qualifications (RFQQ) and Request for Proposal (RFP) process for some Analytics procurements. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Serve as primary contact for the vendor Analytics counterpart for vendor project deliverables, vendor resource issues, and the delivery of application components during a project lifecycle. Collaborate with vendors to optimize assignment of appropriate resources in a timely manner. Ensure vendors fulfill contractual and other obligations to UW Medicine. Establish and maintain standards for procurement process within ITS, aligning with department and organizational standards. Manage RFP/RFQQ process in coordination with contracts manager when specific needs arise. What you’ll bring to the table: (minimum requirements) Bachelor's degree in Data Science, Analytics, Computer Science, Information Technology, or related or equivalent combination of education/experience. 8+ years experience must include the following: 6+ years progressive, hands-on, relevant experience related to data and analytics consulting. 3+ years’ experience managing, coaching, and developing professional staff. Experience in leading and training Analysts in best practices for business and data analysis. Hands on, relevant work experience with data reporting, visualization, dashboards, and analytics requests. A background and passion for supporting business decision making through analytics, reporting, dashboard and visualization solutions; or a background in healthcare, biology, clinical research, pharma, biomedical informatice or medical devices. Prior experience developing, implementing and managing work and project management standards and processes. Prior experience in a role delivering services to senior customer representatives. Prior experience in a role with responsibilities developing and continuously improving processes in support of quality and/or throughput initiatives. Prior experience in a role with a significant IT customer service component, with the ability to demonstrate the management of realistic expectations, communicate difficult messages and negotiate win-win solutions and strategies. Ideally, you’ll also have: (desired skills and experience) A background in IT governance. Understanding of data security and privacy issues, particularly within healthcare. Working command of SQL and other reporting tools. Working knowledge of data visualization. What are some of the other tidbits that you might want to know? Will be working primarily with the Biomedical Informatics Core personnel at the UW ITS IBM Building (5th & Seneca) with time also spent at South Lake Union research campus, Harborview Medical Center, and University of Washington Medical Center. The individual in this position is expected to work normal daytime hours. However, this position may be required to work evening, night and/or weekends in order to respond to security alerts, events or incidents and during implementation and maintenance activities as well as be the escalation point for on-call issues. Must have access to quick transportation for both on and off-hours commuting to multiple sites within UW Medicine. Ability to communicate clearly in English, both verbally and in writing. This advertised job posting may not include the complete official job description for the role. The application process for UW Medicine positions may include completion of a variety of online assessments to obtain additional information that will be used in the evaluation process (i.e. Work Authorization, Criminal Conviction History, Cover Letter and/or others). Any assessments that you need to complete will appear on your screen as soon as you select “Apply to this position”. Once you begin applying for a position, all assessments must be completed at that time. Please note that your application shows up in our system as ready to review regardless of whether or not all assessments have been completed. If the assigned Recruiter happens to review applications prior to all of your assessments being completed, there is a chance you could be 'Not Selected' due to an incomplete application. For this reason, we strongly encourage all applicants to ensure there is plenty of time to complete _all_ of the assessments prior to clicking on “Apply to this position”. Who are we and what do we do? UW Medicine’s mission is to improve the health of the public by advancing medical knowledge, to provide outstanding primary and specialty care to the people of the region, and to prepare tomorrow’s physicians, scientists and other health professionals. Our staff not only enjoys outstanding benefits and professional growth opportunities, but also an environment noted for diversity, community involvement, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits, and natural beauty. UW Medicine’s Information Technology Services (ITS) department is a shared services organization that supports ALL of UW Medicine! UW Medicine is comprised of Harborview Medical Center, Northwest Hospital & Medical Center, Valley Medical Center, UW Medical Center, UW Neighborhood Clinics, UW Physicians, UW School of Medicine and Airlift Northwest. In addition, UW Medicine shares in the ownership and governance of Children’s University Medical Group and Seattle Cancer Care Alliance (a partnership between UW Medicine, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research and Seattle Children’s). ITS is responsible for the ongoing support and maintenance of the infrastructure and applications which support all of these institutions, along with the implementation of new services and applications that are used to support and further the UW Medicine mission. The University of Washington is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information.