BASIC PURPOSE Oversees the day-to-day multifaceted broadcast and digital operations of a federally-licensed public radio station. Plan, develop, coordinate, and administer a range of operational and administrative activities in direct support of the delivery of 24-hour radio programming ensuring compliance with broadcast and digital standards, university policies and FCC rules and regulations. Participates in the development and administration of strategic and operating plans in order to deliver maximum value to audience and other customers. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS The functions within the family will vary by level and specific assignment but will include the following: Maintain program logs and schedules, ensures that promotional announcements, local and national advertising as well as special programming run as scheduled and/or contracted. Execute format changes in the way the radio station broadcasts and digitally distributes its air product. Execute broadcast schedule changes as directed by the Program Director or immediate supervisor. Maintain activity records, logs and all required daily and weekly reports including inventory, pacing, receivables and projections. Maintain accurate records, discrepancy reports, and follow-through communications, and ensures that all broadcast programming complies with FCC rules and regulations. Administer Sound Exchange, BMI, ASCAP and related reporting. Monitor station and board operator's licenses, broadcast reports of network programs and contracted sub-channel services. Maintain and manage satellite and digital feeds. Coordinate production of remote and location broadcasts Serve as technical director and/or board operator. Supervise and train on-air operators, technical staff and student personnel ensuring smooth operation of broadcast equipment and systems. Ensure operators follow program logs, run appropriate material according to program schedule and note any discrepancies. Instruct support staff in operational methods and procedures. Maintain the proper functionality of the transmitter plant as well the production studios and broadcast equipment. Maintain inventory of production supplies and equipment; ensure all materials needed for production and operation are available, in good condition or repaired if needed. Monitor and evaluate broadcast, streaming and on-demand quality and effectiveness while investigating new and emerging methods and/or technologies required for improvement. Maintain and retrieve archive library Support the distribution of on-demand programming through station's digital channels and 3rd party platforms. Coordinate with other departments and outside representatives to plan the transmission of public service, Emergency Alert System tests, and other various national satellite feeds. Performs other related duties as requested or assigned. Unique Duties Qualifications MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's Degree from an accredited college or university or equivalent combination of education and experience required. Extensive knowledge and understanding of electronics, audio production and broadcast procedure. Operational experience with analog and digital studio infrastructures, PA systems, and digital production systems including audio workstations and automation for program delivery Experience using PC and Mac platforms. Skilled in the use of software applications including audio editing products such as ProTools and Adobe Audition, Content Management Systems (CMS) and database tools. Strong technical and problem solving skills. Good project planning and teamwork skills. Ability to communicate complex principles in non-technical or layman's terms. Ability to provide assistance in remote recording and broadcast projects. Knowledge of current and developing trends in radio and digital media. Minimum of 2 years experience in radio operations Typically, incumbents have held operations positions at a radio station. Position will at times require weekend, evening and holiday work Required to move standard audio equipment and computers up to 50 lbs. Preferred Qualifications This is a leadership level in the job family where incumbents have high level and specialized knowledge of radio and/or digital operations. Incumbents have strong understanding of technologies and processes required to improve broadcast and/or new media functions and can serve as a project manager to consult, oversee and implement all aspects of the project to completion. Incumbents at this level will also have the ability to conduct in depth research on new methods, equipment and technical projects and provide design plans and budgets to management. They will also participate in long term planning discussions and develop appropriate plans and systems accordingly, including the implementation of new processes and technologies. This position frequently serves as a technical director for local programming and provides support and training to other technical staff. ? Create and optimize digital ad campaigns on platforms similar to Google DFP, Adwizz and Mailchimp ? Perform QA, execute repairs and identify new opportunities to improve WDET's digital content distribution (live audio and video streaming, on-demand music, podcasts, newsletters, etc.) and ad delivery services ? Manage digital distribution on third-party platforms and smart listening devices (iTunes, TuneIn, Amazon Echo/ Google Home, etc.) ? Collect and report user metrics; translate information into actionable recommendations using data sources similar to Google Analytics, Mailchimp, Nielson, and Google DFP ? Execute technical and workflow improvements that require cross-departmental collaboration with an approachable but systematic management style ? Publish static content in CMS including show, podcast and profile pages (Basic HTML and CSS) ? Log feedback and politely respond to user inquiries Testing Requirements Not Applicable Test Scheduling Working Conditions Job Type Full-Time Job Category Professional/Administration & Supervisory/Management Duration of Posting Fiscal Year of Job Open Date 2018 Job Open Date (When job is posted in the system) 08-03-2018 Job Close Date (or until suitable candidate is found) Until Suitable Candidate is Found Is this position reposted? No Reposting Reason: None (New Posting) Application Information Background Check Requirements University policy requires certain persons who are offered employment to undergo a background check, including a criminal history check, before starting to work. If you are offered employment, the University will inform you if a background check is required. Instructions for submitting your application: Represented Position Message