Headquartered in Irvine, California, VIZIO is a leading HDTV brand in America and America’s 1 Sound Bar company. Our mission is to deliver high performance, smarter products and services with the latest innovations at the best value for our consumers. Our loyal following and industry-wide praise continues to grow as we redefine what it means to be smart. We are currently seeking an Sales Analyst at our Bloomington, MN office. The Sales Analyst position at VIZIO is a critical link between VIZIO’s Channel partners and VIZIO operations. The incumbent will develop, grow and maintain relationships with Sales Operations, National Account Managers, Sales Management and VIZIO’s retail partners to confirm replenishment execution, maintain optimum in stock levels and general sales analysis. Inventory/Stock Replenishment: Manage the flow of inventory to customer by collaboratively planning the sales and replenishment needs - use internal and external tools to create and audit sales forecasts and maintain proper inventory levels. Manage on-hand inventory while making recommendations on additional orders to maintain established inventory goals. Research and investigate store and warehouse out of stocks and implement corrective action Communicate to leadership and the customer root cause analysis and corrective action on timeline and execution of order processing to ensure in stock improvements and forecasting accuracy Identify areas for optimization. Initiate cost and time saving processes to insure maximum efficiencies. Identify incremental sales opportunities with excess inventory Participate in weekly planning and replenishment calls with internal teams as needed. Reporting, Tracking, & Trend Analysis: Tracking orders, shipment status, insuring On Time/Right Qty delivery. Act as a liaison between sales, product management, distribution and customer. Publish detailed daily reports that capture by sku sales, forecast against sales and end of week trends. Assist in collecting and analyzing weekly sell through data and publish weekly reports Assist in the management of the quarterly business plans created between customer and VIZIO Track sales and margin performance compared to goals of the joint business plan Assist Sales group in all facets of relationship management with our customers Load customer data into internal systems – validate internal system accuracy Customer Relationship and Project Management: Assist in customer meeting preparation and participate in customer team meetings Lead and participate in customer specific projects Participate in weekly planning and replenishment calls with internal and external customers. Required Qualifications (Work Experience, Job Knowledge, Skills, and Education): Bachelor’s degree required (business and/or analytical discipline preferred) 2+ years of professional work experience working in sales, supply chain (replenishment experience), customer service, logistics, or an analytical discipline. Ability to build and maintain relationships with internal customers. Personal time management skills and proven ability to meet timelines Proficient computer skills – MS Office, SAP; advanced Excel skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Team/collaboration based approach to decision making; detail oriented and excellent follow up; high drive for results and takes initiative. Problem-solving ability, including structuring problems, performing detailed analysis, and developing/implementing recommendations. Solid analytical, proactive problem solving, trouble-shooting skills; planning and organizational skills. Influencing and interpersonal skills for driving results in cross-functional team setting. Operational agility and nimbleness to adapt to changing retail environment. VIZIO, Inc. offers excellent career opportunity as well as a competitive compensation and benefits package. We are an equal opportunity, drug-free employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Minority/Female/Disabled/Protected Veteran