Aufgaben Here at MBRDNA, we are looking for talented, energetic, and committed individuals to join our diverse team. Our employees are the key to our success, and we support each individual in fulfilling his or her potential. We proudly continue the pioneering work initiated by founders Gottlieb Daimler and Carl Benz over 125 years ago. Role Overview: Highly autonomous driving is one of the key research-fields for future vehicle generations. Thanks to enhanced automation, the driver can be further relieved from the driving task to achieve a considerable gain in comfort and safety. One of the key features for highly autonomous driving is a complete understanding of the vehicle environment in traffic flow. The environmental detection is primary based on sensors such as radar or camera. Another important role in this constellation is a digital and highly accurate road map. Assistance systems for highly autonomous driving, require a digital road map that is significantly more comprehensive, accurate, safer and up-to-date than the map previously known in navigation systems. The Maps and Navigation Data Team is looking for a passionate and versatile engineer in the serial development of telematics, to shape the future of digital and highly accurate map. Collaborate directly with stakeholders and subject-matter experts to define use-cases and identify relevant data sources Analyze available data and create reports and dashboards to generate internal business intelligence and enable data-driven decision making Where applicable, use data visualizations to help demo and explain insights to key stakeholders and management Develop predictive models and new algorithms that can be used in next-generation vehicle features and services Qualifikationen Minimum Skills Required: BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other relevant technical field. Advanced degrees preferred (Bachelors + 5 yrs / Masters + 3 yrs / PhD) Demonstrable programming experience with at least two of the following languages: Python, Java, Scala, R, Ruby, MATLAB, SQL Solid knowledge and experience with a scientific computing platform (e.g. scikit learn, Weka, MATLAB) Hands-on experience working with common DBMS (SQL, NoSQL), as well as distributed application platforms (Hadoop) Strong knowledge of statistical data analysis and machine learning techniques (e.g. SVM, regression, classification, clustering, time series, deep learning) Hands-on experience with visualization tools (e.g. D3.js, Tableau) and an acute ability to prepare and present data in a visually appealing and easy to understand manner A strong voice for data integrity and reporting quality utilizing best-practices and industry standards Excellent critical thinking, problem solving and analytical skills Excellent communication skills, and the ability to work effectively with others Valid Driver License Preferred Qualifications: Ability to work with Linux-based systems and command-line tools Previous experience working with geospatial data is a plus Automotive experience is a plus MBRDNA is an equal opportunity employer that offers generous benefits and compensation, work/life balance tools and several methods of recognition and rewards. Our benefits include medical, dental and vision insurance, 401K savings plan, tuition and fitness reimbursement programs and much more.