We’re thrilled to announce that we’re hiring to grow our team and our products! 3Play Media offers a truly unique opportunity to work in a small team of developers in a company that offers both a startup-minded size and culture while being robustly backed by a steady stream of customers and projects. Every day, our system processes hundreds of hours of video content, helping us to improve and expand the way people consume online media to make more of the web’s video content accessible. We’re also very excited to have a few brand-new products in our pipeline! We are looking for an enthusiastic full stack developer with a strong work ethic who is eager to learn, to solve challenging problems, and to build new features and products. You will pair with other developers as well as work independently on some projects, and will be given every opportunity to show what you’re made of and take charge of projects that need a little leadership. You’ll work on large new products, fix small bugs, and everything in between. Role and Responsibilities Expand our transcript editing tools, used by hundreds of our captioners and customers to efficiently edit time-synchronized text along with a video source Add creative new features to our interactive transcript and video accessibility plugins Implement new feature requests as well as fixes to our customer and contractor facing applications Build integrations to third-party APIs including video hosting platforms, cloud-based machine learning services, and speech-to-text and text-to-speech services Aggregate, analyze, and visualize large data sets across hundreds of thousands of hours and billions of words worth of uploaded video content Pitch in with the team when a component of our applications demand immediate attention Position Requirements 3+ years of experience Demonstrable aptitude with Ruby on Rails or another web development framework Strong communication and collaboration skills Determination to step up to a challenge Eagerness to learn and to share your knowledge Good problem solving and debugging ability Self-motivation to drive your own progress (including by collaborating with others) An insatiable curiosity to discover how everything works under the hood At least one of: (1) 2+ years professional experience writing any kind of software; (2) a degree in a CS-related field Nice to Haves Proficiency in a coding language such as Ruby, Python, Java, or C++ Good knowledge of Javascript, HTML, and CSS Familiarity with algorithms and algorithmic complexity Git & Github or other collaborative version control systems About the Company 3Play Media is a rapidly growing, profitable start-up making a huge impact on the way people consume online media. We provide premium captioning, transcription, audio description, and translation solutions to over 2,500 higher ed, enterprise, media, and government customers. Our goal is to simplify the workflow through flexible APIs, a secure online account system, and integrations with a multitude of players, platforms, and lecture capture systems. We got our start in 2007 out of MIT Sloan and we are based in Boston, MA. Work Environment We have an awesome work environment! Our team is hard working, laid back, and fun. There are no politics or wasteful meetings and projects get done quickly and efficiently. The team is dedicated to building a successful company. We have a spacious office with lots of natural light, a game room and a friendly dog named Bo who shares our views and ambitions. At times you will need to work long and difficult hours, but the work is fun, interesting, and gratifying. Your work will have a direct impact on our company’s success. Location and Perks Boston, MA – Fort Point on the Red Line near South Station. We are in the heart of Boston’s thriving Innovation District at the Boston Seaport. New restaurants and bars are popping up regularly, and we are surrounded by Boston’s buzzing tech scene. Benefits Competitive compensation Stock options Medical Dental Vision plan 401K Vacation/sick pay Disability and life insurance Transportation subsidy Company outings/social events Beer/kombucha/cold brew on tap