Job Description: At HumanIT, we are driven by honesty, integrity and hard work. Our moto is to _“Face our client’s biggest IT related challenges head- on, and to provide them with superior solutions that embrace the latest in cybersecurity standards, technology concepts, and business practices. Allowing them to focus on their applications and services that drives their business forward!”_. HumanIT values your skills, experience, training and education. Let your new adventure begin today! Key Role Create and provide solutions within a broad variety of enterprise computing infrastructures and public and private Cloud computing technologies. Conduct evaluations of technology standards, tools, products, and solutions, make rational design decisions from business and technical perspectives, and communicate recommendations. Define guidelines and recommendations based on leading industry practices tailored to the client’s needs and infrastructure. Maintain responsibility for defining the technical strategy of a system, work closely with all stakeholders to vet technology decisions that support product capabilities now and for the future, and guide it successfully through its execution. Start and finish your career with a small business focused on IT and Cyber Technologist. We know our people are the most important and valuable asset our company has. We offer top notch salaries, benefits, professional environment, training and certifications. We believe is teamwork, work/life balance, flexibility and a positive culture. Our company has multiple social outings and community projects. HumanIT Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer who is out seeking the best and brightest talent in the industry. HumanIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.