The Technical Support Engineer acts as the primary technical advocate and facilitator of technical issues between an institution’s helpdesk and our core internal engineering, product, and service teams. This position is responsible for resolving Tier 1 and Tier 2 technical support issues through troubleshooting techniques, escalation management, and problem-solving complex topics. The Technical Support Engineer ensures all matters reach full-circle resolution by thoroughly tracking the lifecycle of an issue while maintaining strong lines of open communication with a partner. In this role you will gather technical requirements that outline specific steps to resolve issues related to data, product usability, and systems configuration. You will also build Tier 1 and Tier 2 team support documentation. Our Support Engineer is in frequent contact with our partner (customer) base and is key to overall customer satisfaction after products are deployed to institutions. What you will do: Act as Tier 1 & 2 Support Responsible for reproducing and confirming product/data defects Gather information and prescribe steps to resolution for expected vs. actual outcomes Monitor product environments such as data feeds and SLA uptimes Create technical documentation to serve as a knowledge base for handling support issues Ensure partner inquiries are responded to within established timeframes and support service levels are achieved Minimum Qualifications: 2+ years experience in technical support with a track record of increased responsibility Ability to read and query SQL databases Ability to navigate SIS, LMS, and Homegrown database files for root cause problem identification and analysis Ability to diagnose issues in source code to assist engineering prioritization Possess advanced customer relations skills to de-escalate situations and build unified partner trust Excellent written, verbal, and listening skills to convey complex technical issues to appropriate audiences correctly for action or education Demonstrated experience managing multiple issues and priorities Work as a high performing contributor on the Partner Care team and with other departments Role scheduled to start October 1, 2018. Civitas Learning offers medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as a 401k plan. We also have a generous flexible, paid time off policy. About Civitas Learning®: Civitas Learning is a student success company delivering the clearest path to improved higher education outcomes. The company’s Student Success Intelligence Platform leverages each institution’s unique data to find and distribute the strongest signals across the student lifecycle. These signals empower students to make the best possible decisions along their academic pathway. Advisors, faculty, and administrators can personalize support, scale meaningful action, and measure impact to dramatically improve student outcomes. Today, Civitas Learning is a strategic partner to more than 300 colleges and universities, serving more than 7 million students. Together with our growing community of partners, Civitas Learning is making the most of the world’s learning data to graduate a million more students per year by 2025.