Acting as a strategic partner, Human Resources provides the integrated processes to help talented people develop their capabilities and competencies to accomplish business objectives. In addition, we contribute to the development and fulfilment of GM’s business plan and objectives. Our team consistently works with our partners to diagnose problems, plan and implement solutions, and evaluate results. We help optimize the talent of our GM team. Our entry-level program allows new college hires to experience this first-hand and build a career foundation in these core areas: Global Talent Management/ Development/ Acquisition: An assignment in this center of expertise could provide diverse exposure and ability to contribute to research efforts in the emerging science of talent analytics; employee engagement efforts and GM’s Workplace of Choice strategy; supporting program offerings for leaders to strengthen their skills and capabilities; talent management for the organization Global People Services: An assignment in this area could include focusing on the running of the day to day business of all work that has migrated in to the new function: talent acquisition, compensation and benefits administration and company vehicle operations. HR Business Partner: An assignment as an HR Business Partner could include HR related project work for the assigned functional/staff/plant group; research and analysis of complex people issues facing the assigned function/staff/plant; assisting in the resolution of employee relations issues; identification of process improvements and associated projects; facilitate HR Management meetings and assist with implementing change management and organizational development activities. Labor Relations Representative: An assignment as a Labor Relations Representative could include resolving disputes between workers and managers, negotiate collective bargaining agreements, or coordinate grievance procedures to handle employee complaints. Global Compensation and Benefits: An assignment in this area could include research and analysis in the compensation and benefits space; working on complex projects specific to compensation, benefits or pensions; an assignment or project related work in the Policy group, just to name a few! Global Mobility and Global Workforce Policy: Global Mobility, partnered with BGRS, KPMG and SIRVA, strives to enable an efficient and streamline process for authorizing the movement of employees and their qualifying dependents internationally in support of GM’s global business objectives. Roles include policy development and compliance, regional administration, tax preparation, and domestic relocation. As of August 1, Global Mobility supports 500 international service personnel (ISP) across multiple countries and assignment types. A bachelor’s degree in Human Resources or a related field is required. Master’s degree is preferred. Preferred cumulative GPA of 3.5 graduate degrees in an HR-related field Superior oral and written communication skills High level of analytical ability Excellent project management skills High level of functional/technical skills High level of learning agility Ability to multi-task Good interpersonal skills Must have the right to work in the U.S. without sponsorship