About Us St. John Providence Health System is a member of Ascension Health, the largest not-for-profit Catholic Health system in the United States. Our Mission, Vision and Values: St. John Providence Health System, as a Catholic health ministry, is committed to providing spiritually centered, holistic care which sustains and improves the health of individuals in the communities we serve, with special attention to the poor and vulnerable. Our Values: We are called to: Service of the Poor, Reverence, Integrity, Wisdom, Creativity and Dedication Our Vision: Our passion for healing calls us to cultivate trust, advocate wellness, and transform healthcare. Job Description Job Summary: The Material Handler-Linen Services performs designated linen duties for assigned area. Responsibilities: Stocks and distributes clean linens and apparel, adhering to infection control guidelines. Performs daily inventory to ensure clean linens and apparel are accurately stocked and distributed. Identifies items for repair or replacement and notifies management. Maintains work area and equipment in clean, working condition. Inventories and refills linen carts to standard level in preparation for delivery to user departments, including filling and empting scrub and linen equipment. Maintains department logs and records of linen statistics. Collects soiled linen from user departments to reprocess for redistribution. Qualifications Education: HS or Equivalent. Ability to read and write english Work Experience: One year experience with linen distributuion preferred. How To Apply If you are interested in joining the St. John Providence Health System team, click here https://ascension.ttcportals.com/jobs/search/ to search for a job and complete an online application. We urge you to apply for any/all positions in which you are interested. If you fit the qualifications for the role, we will reach out to you. Please ensure you complete all required fields within the application (indicated with an asterisk), as well as, additional information that is requested of you. Information that you offer us will better assist us in understanding your qualifications and fit for the position(s) for which you've applied. Equal Employment Opportunity St. John Providence Health System is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to all associates and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, height, weight, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, veteran status or any other legally protected status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. The information requested on this application will not be used for any purpose prohibited by law. If you require assistance or an accommodation to complete this application, please let us know.