Job Description: The Senior Analyst will impact the growth of T-Mobile’s internet services business and drive revenue by helping drive strategic and business decision making. In particular, the analyst will: Build competitor and industry databases summarizing key information to assist in decision making, and develop a methodology for keeping the databases current Work cross-functionally with teams of engineers, marketing and finance to analyze and develop strategic options Build business cases, financial models and analyze data to help drive strategic and business decisions, in coordination with financial planning and analysis Participate in business development efforts Develop internal and external communications to drive Fixed Broadband business goals Qualifications: While the quality and accomplishments of a person’s career will be the determining factor, the finalist must have the following requisite qualifications: Undergraduate degree, preferably with a major in finance, accounting or business Strong record of academic achievement Minimum of 2 years work experience, preferably in management consulting or investment banking Advanced skills using Microsoft Excel, Access, and PowerPoint Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.