We are the people behind WordPress.com, Jetpack, and WooCommerce, and more. Automattic is a place like no other: our fast-growing band of 750+ works as a distributed team across more than 60 countries, to democratize publishing and make the web a better place so that anyone with a story can tell it, regardless of income, gender, politics, language, or where they live in the world. We are seeking talented wrangler of contracts, shares of stock, and the myriad details that we need to mind to keep the Automattic legal machine humming along. As our first contracts and stock administrator, you will be part of a small legal team responsible for supporting all of Automattic’s growth. This is the ideal role for a candidate looking to expand beyond what is on offer in a traditional legal ops or paralegal position at a more moribund company. You’ll help invent processes and build systems from the ground up, not just run a dusty old machine built by someone else in the 1990s. Some of your responsibilities will include: impeccably managing our cap table in Shareworks, helping to wrangle our flow of inbound agreements of all types as we build out our contract database, and contributing to quarterly investor reporting and annual audits. Everything at Automattic is done on a global scale and in an international context, and you will frequently be managing projects in non-US jurisdictions. We’d love to hear from you if you: Have experience as an in-house stock admin or paralegal in a lean, fast-growing, fast-paced software, internet, or creative startup, large private company or at an investment fund. Have exceptional interpersonal skills, including outstanding verbal and written skills in English. Possess an agile and curious mind. You’re not afraid to ask questions or admit when you are wrong. Have a healthy sense of humor, and an abiding spirit of idealism about your chosen profession. Have a passion for elegant, simple, automated solutions that keep operations running smoothly, and an ability to see opportunities for process improvement and the initiative to move forward with action. Thrive in a tech-centered, developer-focused environment, and are adept at collaborating with engineers and understanding technical and product details. Love a dynamic, fast-growing environment. Prefer operating very independently, and are highly motivated to learn new things and improve your skills, and enjoy juggling an array of tasks. Are collaborative, and enjoy working with teams such as Engineering, Marketing, and Finance. Excel at understanding complex topics and explaining them to others in clear, concise, terms. Bonus points if you have experience working on a distributed team, WordPress, software development, coding, or open source. We’re serious about growing diversity in the tech industry. We want to build Automattic as an environment where people love their work and show respect and empathy to those with whom we interact. Diversity typically includes, but is not limited to, differences in race, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, political and religious affiliation, socioeconomic background, cultural background, geographic location, disabilities and abilities, relationship status, veteran status, and age. To work on diversity means that we welcome these differences, and strive to increase the visibility of traditionally underrepresented groups. Read more about our dedication to diversity and inclusion. HOW TO APPLY Does this sound interesting? If yes, please send a short email to jobs @ this domain telling us about yourself and attach a résumé. Let us know what you can contribute to the team. Include the title of the position you’re applying for and your name in the subject. Proofread! Make sure you spell and capitalize WordPress and Automattic correctly. We are lucky to receive hundreds of applications for every position, so try to make your application stand out. If you apply for multiple positions or send multiple emails there will be one reply. If you’re reading this on a site other than automattic.com please ensure you visit automattic.com/work-with-us for the latest details on applying. Want to increase your chances of standing out? If so, please tell us: What is the most complex or rewarding cap table issue you’ve untangled?