Plexus is a Network Marketing company and our mission is to enhance the health and happiness of those who support, promote, and use Plexus products. Plexus is passionate about doing it the way it could be done and should be done but rarely is. Plexus is seeking outstanding individuals, who like working in a collaborative environment, getting the job done right, and empowering others. Plexus was recognized as one of Arizona’s Best Places to Work in 2016 and 2017. We were also ranked No. 1 on the 2015 and 2017 Arizona Corporate Excellence (ACE) Fastest-Growing Private Companies list. The NetSuite Administrator will be responsible for the administration and configuration of the NetSuite system. The individual will work with multiple business units and will be responsible for managing and monitoring all operational aspects of NetSuite. This will include managing users, roles, and access; designing and implementing searches, reports, and process monitoring; testing and troubleshooting; and managing configuration changes and script development. The administrator will act as the technical lead when interfacing with NetSuite and will also be responsible for developing reporting and metrics. Job Duties: Contribute to the overall growth and success of Plexus by embracing the Plexus core values; we are One Plexus, we are accountable, we get the job done right and we empower others. Responsible for the implementation, management, administration and support of NetSuite. This includes troubleshooting system issues, participating in system upgrades, developing workflows, documenting processes, and providing technical support for users. Assess functional and technical requirements, system configuration, data integrity and all system-related policies and procedures. Define and write functional requirements based on staff business needs. Supports the adoption, development and usage of NetSuite application throughout the organization. Maintains a high level of awareness of and enthusiasm for application well as new features and updates as they are launched. Provide support to users and maintain proper system access; and support end user technical requests. Monitor end-user usage of systems, tracking performance, performing daily administrative and support tasks and maintaining and dating system documentation. Develop and implement policies, procedures and guidelines to ensure the quality of data and perform regular data audits; resolve of data integrity issues. Development, functional testing and rollout of customizations, custom objects, new enhancements, application releases and system integration based on user/business needs. Development and maintenance of custom application extensions using system API and third party tools. Conducting data queries and integration of data from multiple systems – e.g. Web site, email database, etc. Responsible for providing product feedback to vendor and tracking of requested enhancements. Commit to working together as one team, exceed service expectations by developing positive relationships and treat others with value and respect…always. Exhibit an honest and committed effort to delivering as promised, never compromising quality. Achieve individual and team goals. Meet deadlines with the resources provided and never compromise ethical standards. Seek opportunities for personal and professional development. Attend all company required training and actively participate in development conversations with managers. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in MIS, IT business/computer science or related field. 3 years ERP/CRM Administration experience. Administrator level knowledge of roles, permissions, page layouts, custom objects, scripting, workflows, reports and dashboards. NetSuite Essentials and Suite Analytics certifications area plus!\ Demonstrates full understanding of the NetSuite stack and experienced with all NetSuite modules (Order to Case and Fulfillment, Revenue Recognition, Procurement, GL, AP, AR, FA, etc.). Working knowledge of SuiteScript, SuiteTalk, SuiteFlow, csv imports, user provisioning, defining roles, analytics and scheduling scripts. Strong data analytics, reporting and database experience (SQL and NetSuite and other reporting tools, ODBC). Ability to collaborate with others and thrive in a team environment while meeting individual goals and expectations. Ability to anticipate obstacles, communicate effectively and plan accordingly. Adept at providing solutions and working in cross functional areas to facilitate successful completion of projects. Benefits: 100% company paid medical, dental and vision for Employees. 401k program with a company match and immediate vesting. Quarterly bonuses based on company profitability. Weekly drawings for gift cards and cash. Thank you for taking the time to apply for an opportunity with our One Plexus team! If you had any issues during the application process, please contact us directly. Amanda Landrum Amanda.Landrum@plexusworldwide.com