Position Data and Research Analyst Reports to Research & Strategy, Senior Manager Compensation This is a full-time, exempt, grade 6 position Date August 2018 Summary The Data and Research Analyst is responsible for driving strategic growth and optimizing profitability within existing and prospective client groups through proprietary research and thought leadership. This role uses a data-rich approach to explain problems and opportunities within the client base, highlighting client needs and recommending solutions. The role is responsible for turning data and trends into information and insight for the organization, thereby promoting informed and data-driven decision making. Responsibilities Engages in thoughtful analytical design. Identifies and develops objectives, methodology, action plan, and success measures. Conducts analytic projects, from defining data needed through gathering, analyzing, reporting, and presenting information, in order to answer strategic and tactical questions arising from organizational and the Research & Strategy Group’s initiatives. Implements a quality control process to ensure the integrity of data, leveraging SAS to warehouse critical data, and cultivating strong working relationships with the Finance and Technology groups. Builds a more sustainable and streamlined reporting function. Oversees the dissemination and maintenance of standard reports on a regular basis. Studies client data proactively to discover and raise for review key operational and behavioral trends. Meets with Vanguard Charitable management and key stakeholders to fully understand questions and needs; leads methodology development and analysis to address needs; and recommends final solutions. Delivers recommendations through presentations, consultation, or formal briefings. Supports product/service development and marketing/outreach by leveraging internal (e.g. client profiles, behavioral trends) and external data (e.g surveys, third party research) for analysis. Consults with management, Marketing, and operational business partners on the appropriate use of data and how it can inform projects, initiatives, and day-to-day decision making. Monitors changes and new trends in the donor-advised fund and philanthropic industries, and communicates to management and other stakeholders as needed. Responsible for overall industry and competitive analysis. Coaches team members on generating reports, using analytical tools, and delivering analysis. Understands the roles and responsibilities as a staff member to Vanguard Charitable’s Business Contingency Program. Positively influences and supports the organization toward meeting contingency business objectives. Provide business contingency planning support. Supports Ready Reserves as requested. Perform other duties as assigned. Requirements Undergraduate degree in an analytically oriented major, such as economics, statistics, marketing research or an applied social science or equivalent combination of training and experience. Academic training in basic applied statistics. 5+ years of project management and analytical experience. Proven broad business analysis skills. Leverages strong critical thinking and collaboration skills to determine how to approach and solve problems with a team Broad knowledge of the charitable industry, knowledge of donor-advised funds a plus. Strong Excel and/or Access database skills in data manipulation and presentation. Strong SAS skills or experience using other sophisticated analytical tools, such as R Studio. Solid verbal and written communication capabilities. Superior testing and quality control skills and attitude. Detail oriented with strong organizational skills. Work independently; work collegially with all levels of personnel. Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously and with minimal supervision.