Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Community Operations' focus is on supporting our users through both direct support interactions as well as scalable solutions, and on improving the health of our products by helping people understand how to use them. Those who join our teams are very passionate about solving people’s issues, and are strong advocates for the Facebook community. We need influencers who can align cross-functional partners to ensure the best possible experience for our platforms. If you like helping people, Community Operations is for you. Facebook is seeking a solutions-oriented, data-savvy self-starter with a passion for helping others, protecting our community and being the voice of our users. This individual will sit within the Global Spam Operations team, and work to improve the overall user experience by delivering qualitative and quantitative insight into user behavior. By providing support to individuals in need, the Data Analyst will identify areas for process improvement, help us intelligently scale our operations by optimizing and automating processes and solve challenging problems and help to prevent them. This position is full-time and based in our Menlo Park, CA office. RESPONSIBILITIES Develop a deep understanding of spam and how it affects Facebook, Instagram and our communities Apply your expertise in quantitative business analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to identify trends and opportunities in driving down spam and other nefarious behavior Analyze and interpret data in order to devise hypotheses on how spam and other nefarious activity is proliferating Implement effective countermeasures to eliminate spam based on these identified patterns Be a thought leader for data-informed initiatives and guide the team’s direction overall Partner with Data Science, Product, Engineering and Operations teams to solve problems at scale MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 2+ years of work experience with quantitative analysis Experience with large data sets and SQL PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS BA/BS in Computer Science, Math/Finance, Physics, Applied Economics, Statistics or other technical field Advanced degrees Experience in an adversarial space like fraud and spam Experience in functional or scripting language (JavaScript, PHP, Python, OCaml) Development experience in Haskell