Overview New position alert! KUBRA Arizona is looking for a skilled Software Developer for our Implementation team. As a Software Developer, you will work on a team to implement enterprise customer experience management software for our clients. What you get to do every day Write code and contribute to the software architecture of a highly concurrent, highthroughput system Contribute to finding solutions for converting client requirements into product implementations Contribute to design of new functionality and expand existing functionality Participate in implementation teams and collaborate with Project Managers, Software Engineers, and designers Manage projects and tasks using a variety of technologies May travel to visit clients throughout North America to participate in design sessions and deliver technical presentations and training What kind of person should you be? You enjoy working with working in a team, extending existing code bases, and using version control systems Impeccable problem-solving and analytical skills Your ability to communicate effectively with customers is outstanding Great time management skills What skills do you need? Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering, or equivalent experience, however a Master’s degree is preferred Minimum of 3 years of experience in Java environments Minimum of 3 years of Full Stack Development Experience with Amazon AWS cloud facilities such as EC2, S3, and RDS is preferred Experience in Java concurrency and Relational databases Proficiency in JavaScript, Java and object-oriented design, with knowledge of Spring and Java EE Experience with RESTful services Experience using build tools like npm, bower and grunt Experience in one of the modern JavaScript frameworks (AngularJS or ReactJS is preferred) Comfort with working in a team, extending existing code bases, and using version control systems What can you expect from us? A unique, supportive, and flexible work environment Challenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environment Confidence to take risks when we see potential A management team that cares about people Exposure to and experience on an industry leading cloud based project management information system An extensive orientation program including job shadowing from your first 30 days up to six months Mentorship from within both the PMO and Technical/Business Team Structure at KUBRA An opportunity to learn and gain exposure to advanced payment technologies in a rapidly growing and competitive industry A chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game or board game night We are a fast-growing and dynamic company offering customer experience management solutions to some of the largest utility, insurance and government entities across North America. Our portfolio of meter-to-cash and outage communication solutions includes billing and payment, mapping, mobile apps and proactive customer communications solutions for customers. With more than 1 billion customer experiences annually, we have the ability to provide performance-driven value to more than 550 clients every day. Our office is small enough to allow creative individuals to flourish, yet large enough to provide long-term stability. We place a tremendous amount of responsibility on our team members to be productive, focused and self- motivated. We offer a casual work environment, competitive compensation and a stellar benefits program. KUBRA is an equal opportunity employer dedicated to building an inclusive and diverse workforce. We will provide accommodations during the recruitment process upon request. Information received relating to accommodation will be addressed confidentially. We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only candidates under consideration will be contacted.