Overview Be part of the digital biology revolution… Bio-Rad is a leader in the development of innovative droplet digital PCR systems. Bio-Rad’s QX200 ddPCR system represents a new era in reliability and affordability across a range of applications for life science researchers and molecular diagnostics developers. The QX200 combines precise microfluidic technology and proprietary chemistries to enable fine, absolute, and relative quantitation of DNA and RNA from complex and precious sample matrices. This Quality Systems Specialist l will be primarily responsible for customer product complaint handling for Bio-Rad DBC products. A secondary responsibility will be addressing supplier quality issues and performing supplier audits in compliance to ISO 13485 and FDA QSR’s. Support other quality functions as needed. The position may involve up to 30% travel as needed to support the job function. Responsibilities Responsible for the review, evaluation and closure of customer product complaints. Supports the maintenance of quality processes to ensure that all product complaints are processed in accordance with established company procedures and standards, including but not limited to assessing risk, investigating root cause, implementing effective long-term corrective actions to prevent recurrence, and potentially reportable events. Responsible for ensuring all required information for a complaint file is obtained and properly documented. Evaluates all information to ensure appropriate analysis, investigation, and root cause is documented prior to complaint closure. Ensure adequate information is received to warrant timely reporting, investigation, and closure of product complaints. Responsible for analyzing product quality information and providing metrics (case escalations, product quality issues, trend information, etc.) Qualifications High school diploma or equivalent. 0-2 years’ experience in a regulated industry or equivalent combination of education and experience. Knowledge of Product Complaint Handling and Post Market Surveillance. Knowledge of the regulations/standards/directives, preferably FDA QSR/GMP, Medical Device Reporting (MDR), Quality Management Systems (ISO13485), Risk Management (ISO14971), In-Vitro Medical Device Directive (IVDD). Knowledge and understanding of SCAR/S-CAPA process. Knowledge/experience in medical devices including IVDs. Detail oriented with excellent organizational and project management skills. Excellent verbal and written communication, problem solving, analytical skills required. Critical thinking skills, ability to multitask in a high-pace environment with fast deadlines, and ability to work well under pressure. Contribute individually but work as a team. Effective communication with various departments. Understands principles, theories, concepts and techniques related to customer complaints. Intermediate computer skills required, including MS Windows, MS Word, MS Excel (use of pivot tables/charts and MS PowerPoint. Knowledge/experience with Salesforce complaint management system. Knowledge of statistics, use of statistical methods/analysis. About Bio-Rad: Bio-Rad is a global leader providing a broad array of clinical diagnostics and life science research products. With a team of more than 7,800 employees and a global network of operations serving our customers, we help people live longer, healthier lives. Bio-Rad was founded over six decades ago and has continued to provide the healthcare industry with innovative and useful products that help life science researchers accelerate the discovery process and medical diagnostic labs obtain faster, better results. EEO/AA Employer/Veterans/Disabled/Race/Ethnicity/Gender/Age Agency Non-Solicitation: Bio-Rad does not accept agency resumes, unless the agency has been authorized by a Bio-Rad Recruiting Representative. Please do not submit resumes unless authorized to do so. Bio-Rad will not pay for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.