Responsibilities Job Title: Lead Software Developer (Angular, Node.js, Full Stack) Summary: Data Recognition Corporation, a technology leader in educational assessments, is looking for a lead software developer to be part of a team building and supporting enterprise level products. You will be working primarily with Javascript technologies including AngularJS, Angular 2/4, and Node.js. This position is mostly development. Work with QA, BA, PM, Dev teams. Need a strong leader, solid team player and good oral and written communication skills. Essential Qualifications Proven experience as a development lead of a team on large scale projects Extensive experience with multiple of the following: AngularJS, Angular 2/4, Node.js, HTML5 Experience developing against database technologies Expert understanding of enterprise-class system concepts (Deployment, Performance, Scalability, Availability, and Security) Experience using CI/CD and Devops technologies. Preferably Puppet and Terraform. Experience implementing Cloud and/or Hybrid-Cloud solutions. Preferably AWS. Proven experience working with Agile methodologies for delivering software Ability to review and understand business requirements Ability to review and create technical design documentation Strong understanding of test driven development and testing concepts to participate in unit testing, integration testing, system testing, and load testing Experience with Open Source work management tools: JIRA, Jenkins, and GitHub Excellent oral and written communication skill Qualifications Preferred Qualifications Microservices architecture experience a plus, not required Sails.js, Sequelize, and Liquibase experience a plus, not required Coffeescript and Typescript experience a plus, not required Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Computer Science or a related field OR Relevant work experience Education or Assessment related experience Be able to work under supervision and accept feedback Relate effectively and work respectfully with diverse work groups Ability to consistently perform well during times of increased work load Set and meet deadlines Manage multiple job functions simultaneously The Employer retains the right to change or assign other duties to this position. Physical Requirements Ability to sit and/or stand for up to 8 hour periods of time Ability to look at a computer monitor, utilize a keyboard and/or mouse for up to 8 hours per day To apply, apply directly to this posting or see www.drccareers.com and use Job ID Full time, direct hire positions are now available in Maple Grove, Minnesota No Agencies, Please Data Recognition Corporation is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V.