Peak Performers is a nonprofit recruiting firm specializing in contract roles with state of Texas government agencies. We've partnered with the Health and Human Services Commission to recruit for a Business Analyst. The workplace will be in central Austin and the workday will be 8:00 am - 5:00 pm, Monday - Friday. Our client Always at the ready, the Texas Health and Human Services Commission (HHSC) is responsible for providing millions of Texans with services ranging from Medicaid for children to SNAP food benefits to behavioral health services every year. HHSC does substantial work in accommodating the long-term needs of older Texans by ensuring the safety and dignity of people who live in nursing homes or assisted living facilities, finding independent housing and jobs for Texans with disabilities, and leading medical research projects on infectious diseases. HHSC works to make all Texans safer. Project Overview HHSC Claims Management Division (CMD) is responsible for overseeing the legislatively mandated Home and Community-Based Services (HCS) Texas Home Living (TxHmL) Program Migration to Managed Care (Phase I) project COR 18-005. This project will migrate forms and function from the ID CARE mainframe to a modernized web-based system in preparation for the migration of the programs to managed care in the future. The project scope of work will touch multiple long-term care claims processing/billing applications including; Texas Medicaid and Healthcare Partnership (TMHP) Claims Management System (CMS), ID CARE mainframe, web services with the HHSC Service Authorization System (SAS) and changes to the Service Authorization System Online (SASO) system. These systems collectively are part of the Texas Medicaid Management Information System (TMMIS). Your role This position will provide business analysis and support for all phases of the project, ensuring the state receives a quality product from the vendor that meets the desired operational and technical requirements expected. The analyst will be able to multi-task, analyze priorities, communicate clearly, and assist the Project Manager with project timelines. The analyst will be responsible for communicating with multiple internal/external stakeholders including; executives, contractors, technical staff, program staff, and TMHP staff. The analyst will participate in meetings, document decisions, track project deliverables and schedule, and alert the project manager of any conflicts, risks, or issues that may result in not achieving deadlines. Your tasks analyzes program policies, procedures, and initiatives to determine the impact on business systems and functional areas; analyzes and reviews complex deliverables such as project charters, business user requirements, design documentation, test plans, and risk assessment plans to ensure business requirements are met; analyzes and writes business requirements according to business specifications; identifies potential project risks and issues, and develops mitigation strategies; ensures the vendor manages to their schedule for deliverables as established; develops business user test plans and business test case scenarios, and participates in user acceptance testing; acts as a liaison between State Staff and Vendors to translate operational and business requirements to vendors; reports project statuses to management based on established timelines; completes reporting for the Project Management and Repository System (PMRS), Quality Assurance Team (QAT), and Post-Implementation Review of Business Outcomes (PIRBO); documents reporting requirements and program decisions; performs knowledge transfer activities to state staff; organizes and manages work on internal projects as assigned; You have: 7 years of experience in effective general written/oral communication, including documenting requirements, deliverables, test scenarios and project status. 7 years of experience utilizing analysis skills and interacting with business end users and technical staff. 7 years of experience performing review and approval processes of complex technical user and system requirements written by vendors. 7 years of experience managing changes to user and system requirements. 7 years of experience in managing to a scope of work for a complex, multi-organizational project. 7 years of experience managing and developing test strategies. 7 years of experience in formulating use case scenarios, creating test plans, and performing application testing 7 years of experience with Microsoft Office products (e.g., Word, Excel, Project, etc.). 7 years of experience utilizing the Waterfall methodology for software development. Proven experience working in a team environment. You may also have: 5 years of experience with application and analysis of long term care business including integration into automated systems with TMMIS knowledge in long term care, Claims Management System and Service Authorization System. 5 years of proven knowledge of Texas Health and Human Services programs. 2 years of proven knowledge of the Preadmission Screening and Resident Review (PASRR) program. Project term: one year with option to renew Compensation: $53.50 / hour (W2) What's it like to work for Peak Performers Qualified applicants with chronic medical conditions and/or disabilities receive job preference. Our clients can hire you at any time - with no fee! We want you to get hired. We pay weekly through direct deposit. We offer ACA compliant health insurance at 60 days. In business since 1994, our relationships span 24 years and thousands of job placements. All employment offers are contingent on the successful completion of a pre- employment criminal background check, in compliance with all applicable federal and state laws. Applicants for employment with Peak Performers must possess work authorization that does not require sponsorship for a visa now or in the future. Peak Performers is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applicants without regard to race, marital status, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law. Peak Performers does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services.