ABOUT SICK: SICK is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of sensors, safety systems and automatic identification products for industrial applications. Whether automating factories or optimizing distribution centers, SICK provides cost-effective solutions. We have been a technology leader for more than 70 years and with more than 50 global subsidiaries, SICK has a presence all over the world. Leveraging a history of innovation, our company has pioneered a long line of industry firsts – such as the first safety light curtain, the first color sensor, and many more. POSITION SUMMARY: This position has primary responsibility for hands-on support of SICK part numbers, BOMs and master data and their associated processes through the entire product lifecycle. The Product Lifecycle Management Services Engineer will use their skills to capture requirements, devise appropriate solutions and evaluate results for function, reliability and performance. Work with a multi-national team to design new PLM services and processes and enhance performance of existing services. RESPONSIBILITIES: Provide review and oversight over submitted engineering drawings/specifications, maintain and review component datasheets and determine appropriate master data for submitted parts. Ensure proper processing of ECRs, ECNs and releases via EDB, including reviewing for technical accuracy, setting approvals and initiating workflows. With direction, assist various departments in the formatting and creation of new processes and procedures. Contribute to project teams involving cross-functional participants. Setup and release parts and BOMs in full compliance with all design control, quality, and company regulations and national and international regulatory body requirements. This includes the understanding of change control, validation, documentation practices, and design control requirements. Work with engineering peers and Engineering/Operations Managers to ensure that the right course of action is being taken, and the proper procedures are being followed for each assigned task. Support development teams with the setup and release of relevant master data for Product Variant Configurations in the PLM and ERP systems Develop a working knowledge of current SICK products, new products and engineering design processes. Regular attendance and timeliness. QUALIFICATIONS: _Education and Experience_ Bachelors or Master’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related field OR equivalent experience in related field. 0-2 years of experience in product lifecycle management and engineering services. _Other Qualifications_ Strong analytical, design, and decision making skills. Experience in supporting engineering and production staff Experience with document control systems Demonstrated oral and written communication skills. Ability to balance workload to keep multiple tasks progressing to competition. Ability to thoroughly understand technical issues and provide solutions to resolve issues. General knowledge of SAP software or comparable system and master data management procedures. General knowledge of Solidworks CAD software or comparable system. General knowledge of drafting standards and tolerances. Ability to travel up to 10% of the time both domestically and internationally. Legally permitted to work in the United States If you thrive in a fast-paced, team-oriented work environment that offers challenges and the opportunity for growth, we’re the place for you! SICK, Inc. has several locations throughout domestic US and offers competitive wages and an excellent benefits program. Qualified candidates can apply online by clicking the apply online button. Visit us at www.sickusa.com. Affirmative Action (AA)/Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) M/F/D/V