MRS Systems Analyst III - V: The person in this position functions as a reporting analyst in the Management Reporting and Statistics (MRS) Division. This position may be filled as a Systems Analyst III, IV, or V. Salary range is between $3763.17 and $8060.00 (monthly) depending on the level at which the position is filled an in accordance with agency policies. The MRS Division is responsible for provision of agency statistical data including Legislative Budget Board performance measures, operating budget, Legislative Appropriation Request, agency Data Book, various routine and ad hoc management reports, data requested by the legislature and other public officials, and data reported to the federal government. The division also provides data requested by the media and public via the Public Information Act (open records) as well as data related to both state and internal audits, grants, studies, and data sharing projects with other entities. The division is responsible for conducting quality assurance review of any data to be released outside the agency to ensure validity and consistency of reported data. The division also is responsible for development of data warehouse online reports and the supporting specialized tables and/or elements. Work involves analyzing data requests, coding, and producing both internal and externally releasable reports for the agency. Most code is written in SQL or PL/SQL. The analyst creates original programming code and evaluates and/or modifies existing programs of any level of complexity to take into account changes in requirements. The analyst may prepare diagrams and logic flowcharts for detailed coding and for the documentation of programming work. The analyst reviews work products of other analysts and interacts routinely with agency program staff, division managers, regional staff, and other analysts to ensure requirements are met and work products are appropriately reviewed and validated. The analyst may interact occasionally with staff from other agencies and outside entities as required to facilitate data sharing, obtain required work products, or for consultation. The analyst participates in data system design meetings for new agency initiatives to ensure the agency’s ability to report applicable data. The analyst may serve as a lead analyst on assigned projects of any level of complexity and may be required to act as mentor and on-the-job trainer for new and junior analysts. The analyst may serve as a regional data liaison, providing support to one or more regions. Essential Job Functions: \- Develops programming code and report layout to ensure user requests are properly translated into useful reports. - Extracts data from IMPACT, PEIRS, IMARC, PCON (HR), or other agency databases. - Documents, designs, validates, and implements reporting methodologies for multiple areas of specialization using selected DFPS methodology and case tools. - Performs quality assurance tasks to ensure accuracy of distributed reports. - Documents processes and procedures for technical and non-technical users. - Mentors and trains junior staff. - Provides technical expertise to aid in decision making and problem resolution. - Participates in database design sessions for new initiatives and enhancements to ensure reporting needs are met. - Performs other duties as assigned and required to maintain unit operations. - Promotes and demonstrates appropriate respect for cultural diversity among coworkers and all work- related contacts. - Attends work regularly in accordance with agency leave policy. Knowledge Skills Abilities: \- Knowledge of relational databases. - Knowledge of data processing practices and theory. - Knowledge of group dynamics. - Skill in using selected software such as SQL, PL/SQL, Tableau, Excel, TOAD, Oracle SQL Developer, and/or Business Intelligence tools. - Skill in researching and troubleshooting data issues and solving complex problems. - Skill in writing and revising program code. - Skill in analysis, problem solving, data comprehension, reporting methodologies, math, and designing statistical reports and charts/graphs. - Ability to analyze, consolidate, and interpret complex data, procedures, and systems and write or revise program code as required. - Ability to analyze systems, procedures, and problems and develop solutions. - Ability to perform detailed work accurately. - Ability to learn and apply new technology. - Ability to work under stressful conditions and manage multiple projects and tight deadlines. - Ability to adapt and modify behavior in response to changes in situations or priorities. - Ability to present information to a variety of audiences verbally and in writing and to communicate clearly, concisely, and effectively. - Ability to work hours as needed to meet defined deadlines and support the agency’s mission critical reporting requirements. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Initial Selection Criteria: \- Skill in writing SQL and/or PL/SQL code. - Skill in using Excel. - Skill in using selected software such as TOAD, Tableau and/or Business Intelligence tools. - Experience in data extraction and report layout and design. - DFPS experience preferred. Additional Information: Work outside of regular hours, including occasional weekends, may be required. Occasional overnight travel to other work locations may be required. Applicants selected for interview will be required to complete a written exercise to demonstrate knowledge, skills, and abilities. This position may be filled as a Systems Analyst III, IV, or V. Salary range is between $3,763 and $8,060 depending on the level at which the position is filled an in accordance with agency policies. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), DFPS will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview. MOS Code: Note: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include: 25B, IT, 275, 0171, 3D0X2. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.