Job Description IBM Systems leads in transformation. We power the most critical industries on the planet – from finance to telecommunications to scientific research. Our portfolio features the legendary Z mainframe, new AI-enabling servers, and Gartner-ranked best-in-class Flash and Software Defined Storage – everything it takes to build the next-generation IT infrastructure that can think, learn, predict, and compete in the cognitive era. You have a passion for data – measuring success, finding insights, and helping teams create high-impact campaigns. At IBM Systems, you’ll invent things. A new way to tell a story. A smarter strategy. Better ways of working. And, you’ll be part of a top-performing organization that has fun, learns from failures, and innovates every day. About Your Role As a member of the Systems Marketing Analytics team, you will play a critical role in helping us achieve our mission: to foster a culture of data-driven decision making across Systems Marketing by providing reporting, analysis, and insights that enable team members to optimize campaign results and increase marketing ROI. Responsibilities Track and measure the overall performance of worldwide marketing campaigns against revenue for one of IBM Systems flagship brands Track and measure the performance of online and offline marketing tactics for each campaign, including search engine and display advertising, paid media, email marketing, Web-based content, gated assets, and events Provide product launch reporting in line with standard cadence to help determine efficacy and highlight areas for improvement Deliver data-driven insights and recommendations to stakeholders, including campaign and content strategists, portfolio marketers, and event managers Enable performance marketing team members to effectively utilize IBM tools and reporting dashboards to interpret data and optimize campaign results Where appropriate, create customized reports to supplement corporate tools and look for opportunities to streamline/automate current processes Work with campaign managers to troubleshoot brand and campaign performance issues and investigate data anomalies/outliers Serve as liaison between Systems Marketing and corporate analytics team Build relationships with partner orgs, including geo marketing, marketing ops, and other BU Analytics teams, to improve reporting quality and completeness Provide inputs for weekly executive summary and support ad hoc executive reporting requests mktngSRjobs Required Technical and Professional Expertise 5-7 years of experience in marketing, campaign, and digital analytics, including experience measuring campaign performance Strong quantitative, analytical, and problem solving skills Ability to manipulate and visualize data using industry-standard tools such as Excel or Tableau Ability to parse and evaluate large data sets, distill findings into actionable insights, and clearly communicate these insights to marketing stakeholders Ability to synthesize input from multiple stakeholders with diverse requirements to develop a cohesive point of view Self directed with strong planning, communication, and leadership skills Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Experience using internal IBM tools and platforms, or have the ability to come up to speed quickly on new technologies Experience using Web analytics applications, e.g. Google Analytics, Coremetrics Experience using SQL or other query tools EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.