About Us Equitas Academy Charter School was founded in 2009. We are a network of free public schools for families who believe their children deserve a high-quality education and challenging school experience. Our school model offers credentialed, passionate, and dedicated teachers and staff who are experts in their field. We currently serve over 1,000 students in Kinder-8th grade in two elementary schools and two middle schools. Equitas Academy is based in the Pico-Union neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. Data and Student Information Manager Under the Direction of the Director of Data Management & Analytics, The Data and Student Information Systems Manager will provide organization-wide leadership and direction in the management of Equitas Academy’s student data to ensure compliance and accountability to federal and state regulatory authorities. The Data and Student Information Systems Manager is responsible for the administration of Equitas Academy’s SIS and data systems, state and federal reporting, monitoring the data entry associated with enrollment and attendance, and the operations of the School’s Nutrition Program. Reports To: Director of Data Management & Analytics Start Date: Immediate Essential Responsibilities Maintains & reports Equitas Academy’s data systems, including Illuminate, Kickboard, Freshbooks, and Schoolmint. Maintains, compiles, reviews and submits data for all state, county and district reports, including annual district oversight visits and grant reports; including CALPADS, SARC, and CRDC. Compiles, reviews and analyzes data for State nutrition program reports. Compiles, reviews, audits and submits school day and after-school attendance reports. Compiles academic reports as requested. Acts as a leader on the Network Operations team and supports school-based operations where needed. Acts as the primary point of contact for all student enrollment related matters. Trains school Office Coordinators on expectations for duties related to data and student information systems. Assists School Directors with implementation of state testing programs. Other duties as assigned. Minimum Requirements Bachelors degree required Proficiency in Excel, databases and Google applications Familiarity with Illuminate or similar Student Information System required Strong belief in Equitas Academy’s mission and Core Values Salary and benefits We offer a competitive salary based on experience. Benefits include medical/dental/vision coverage and paid sick and vacation time off. Commitment to Diversity Equitas Academy is actively seeking to build a diverse and experienced team of educators. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, disability, age, religion, sexual orientation, or national or ethnic origin. We are an equal opportunity employer. Please visit our website for more information at www.equitasacademy.org To apply Please click "Apply for this job" below and submit an application. You will upload your resume and cover letter (required) and can copy/paste any additional information.