The Associate Health and Safety Specialist, under the general supervision of the Biological Safety Manager/BSO will provide technical and advisory support services for university wide safety programs with a primary focus on biological safety. The incumbent may be required to provide support for other safety programs, such as, chemical safety, radiation safety, occupational safety and industrial hygiene, and waste management, as needed. Performs other duties as assigned. Required Education & Experience: Bachelor’s degree in microbiology, public health, biological science, occupational safety, industrial hygiene or other related field. Three (3) years of directly related experience in operational health physics, biology, chemistry, industrial hygiene, occupational health and safety or related field. Demonstrated experience providing technical and advisory support services for safety programs with a primary focus on biological safety. An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. Preferred: Biological safety and/or biological research experience. Biological protocol review experience. Required Skills & Abilities: Must have a broad knowledge of laboratory safety principals with special emphasis on biological safety practices. Demonstrated knowledge of developing and implementing safety programs to regulatory requirements and compliance with applicable standards, laws, regulations, policies and procedures. Knowledge best practices and principles related to chemical safety, general safety, biosafety, radiation safety and occupational safety and industrial hygiene. Demonstrated computer skills, and proficiency with MS Office Suite software programs. Excellent communication skills, including excellent listening skills. Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills, along with the ability to interact effectively with a diverse constituent population. Demonstrated ability to prioritize well and focus on completion of tasks while under stress of a demanding work schedule. Strong attention to detail. Ability to lift objects weighing over 25 lbs and wear respiratory protective devices. Ability to move freely in small size spaces. Ability to travel between campuses, as needed. Must have a valid driver's license. This position requires a background check This position requires a Valid, current Driver’s License Temple University values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity for all persons regardless of age, color, disability, ethnicity, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other status protected by law. Compliance Statement: In the performance of their functions as detailed in the position description employees have an obligation to avoid ethical, legal, financial and other conflicts of interest to ensure that their actions and outside activities do not conflict with their primary employment responsibilities at the institution. Employees are also expected to understand and be in compliance with applicable laws, University and. employment policies and regulations, including NCAA regulations for areas and departments which their essential functions cause them to interact. To obtain additional information about Temple University please visit our website at www.temple.edu. Temple University's Annual Security and Fire Safety Report contains statistics, policies, and procedures related to campus safety and can be found at: http://www.temple.edu/safety/asfr/ You may request a copy of the report by calling Temple University’s Campus Safety Services at 215-204-7900.