Job Description: We are seeking a highly-skilled, experienced full stack web developer to join our team. In this role, you will be part of a scrum team designing and developing high-volume, low-latency technology application solutions that have a common UI/UX, are scalable, reusable, and enterprise grade. You will resolve technical issues through debugging, research, and investigation. You will focus on development throughout all phases of the agile development lifecycle and must have a solid skill set, a desire to continue to grow as a developer, and a team-player mentality. Responsibilities: Designing and developing user interfaces to internet/intranet applications Designing and developing application backend databases Writing well designed, testable, efficient code Ensuring designs follow specifications Preparing production releases of software components Troubleshooting development and production problems across multiple environments and operating platforms Identify potential challenges and bottlenecks and address them proactively Application documentation Application support activities Contributing to team meetings and team success Key Qualifications : BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject and 3 - 5 years of experience Proven hands-on Software Development experience Proven working experience in Java development Excellent knowledge of Relational Databases Excellent teamwork and interpersonal skills Excellent verbal & written communication Delivering results & meeting customer expectations Planning and organizational skills Web UI/UX Html5 CSS/CSS3 JavaScript jQuery PolymerJS NodeJS MongoDB, SQL Experience using at least one application testing framework/library Additional Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of Managed Service telecom operations practice (preferred) VersionOne Hadoop GIT Docker Test Driven Development SAFe DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position. Therefore employees assigned may be required to perform additional job tasks required by the manager. We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/Disabled/Veterans. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing. Ericsson provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetics information. Ericsson complies with applicable country, state and all local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location across the world in which the company has facilities. In addition, Ericsson supports the UN Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights and the United Nations Global Compact. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, training and development. Ericsson expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetic information. Ericsson will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by Ericsson or (c) consistent with Ericsson’s legal duty to furnish information. Employee Polygraph Protection Act Notice - Employers are generally prohibited from requiring or requesting any employee or job applicant to take a lie detector test, and from discharging, disciplining, or discriminating against an employee or prospective employee for refusing to take a test or for exercising other rights under the Act. For more information, visit https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf. Ericsson is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified disabled individuals during the application and hiring process. Ericsson will make modifications or adjustments to the job application or interview process that will enable a qualified applicant to be considered for a position. If you require an accommodation due to a disability, please contact Ericsson at hr.direct.dallas@ericsson.com or (866) 374-2272 (US) or (877) 338-9966 (Canada) for further assistance. Primary country and city: United States (US) || || Plano || SharedServ