Job Description The Entertainment Group Architecture team is seeking Gateway Sr. Systems Architect to work alongside our elite engineers to build a world-class video entertainment system. The qualified candidate possesses solid skills in the areas of: Critical thinking Problem solving Communicating and collaborating among different teams Successful candidates yearn to dig in to understand problems and then propose solutions. Above all, the role requires someone with the drive to learn new things and always go above and beyond what is required. Key Roles and Responsibilities Experience in architecting software for home network devices and technologies related to the next generation evolution of these devices including virtual CPE technologies Understand various Cloud architectures and how those technologies can be leveraged in the context of the home network Ability to architect solutions that interface the home network to the cloud and Big Data systems Architecting implementable solutions that interface CPE devices to the Cloud Take part in technical reviews including software requirements specifications creation, review and provide guidance for software architecture, functional and design specification for an IP Residential Gateway stack.(end-to end design/Call flows/Interface definition/sub-component interaction/API implementation/system performance analysis and bottleneck identification/implementation tradeoffs) Familiarity with programming constructs such as processes, threads, IPC, network protocol implementation in a Linux embedded environment is a must. Technical liaison between AT &T and 3rd party development team that provides development/porting/integration services. Perform system engineering tasks related to Router/Gateway Hands-on as well as architecture level experience with Cloud technologies with deployed cloud solutions including AWS Provide Technical guidance to the team on best practices, programming techniques and provide solutions in Cloud technologies. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related technical field. 5-8 years related technical architect experience. Good understanding of CPE field issues and ability to create designs for improving diagnostics and troubleshooting. Good understanding of Data management related to all phases of data collection, manipulation and interfacing with big data systems. Experience in effectively operating within diverse and cross-functional groups Proven experience in the areas of end-to-end design. Understanding of the C programming language in an embedded environment is a plus Experience in fast paced environment with ability to adapt and change priorities as the business needs change Knowledge of software development methodologies and structured approaches to system development Leadership qualities, including meeting facilitation, time management, organizational skills and ability to influence others Excellent communication skills, including ability to tailor communication to audience to achieve desired results Excellent problem solving, critical thinking and analytical skills, with strong interpersonal skills