Baylor College of Medicine is shaping the future of medicine, forging a dynamic environment where the best minds come together to discover and deliver the best possible health care. Join the BCM Compliance and Audit Team as we continue to build a comprehensive compliance program. In the Information Security Analyst role you will assist in developing and maintaining an integrated compliance program to protect the integrity, confidentiality, and availability of Baylor College of Medicine information resources. Primary responsibilities of this position include, information security compliance support of college business, clinical, and research information systems, enterprise network security systems; information security incident investigations and forensic analysis; assisting in the development of information systems compliance policies and procedures; and developing ongoing knowledge of security compliance technologies, issues, and best practices. Investigates information systems security incidents, including appropriate forensic analysis of the resources implicated in an incident. Assists in developing and implementing information systems compliance policies, procedures, guidelines, and measures to support various aspects of BCM-wide information systems. Assists in identifying BCM-wide information security compliance risks and exposures by participating in security compliance reviews, evaluations, and risk assessments. Assists in designing and developing security and control measures to address identified risks. Works effectively as part of the Compliance and Audit Services team, under the direction of the Information Security Officer and more senior team members, to address the team's objectives and priorities. Effectively plans and manages assigned activities to ensure that objectives and schedules are met. Required: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Management or related field, or equivalent education and directly related experience. Four to six years of progressive experience in information systems security compliance, to include information systems security design and controls such data classification and data loss prevention, vulnerability discovery and remediation and regulatory requirements such as HIPAA, FISMA, NIST, and PCI. Preferred: Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Certified Incident Handler (GCIH) or Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) or equivalent certification