Auto req ID: 146963BR Job Description As an Automation Software Engineer, you will be responsible for the development, testing, implementation, and maintenance of new and existing automation processes for PepsiCo. Our team will give you exposure to a wide array of business applications that get tied together with our robots, and will build new value for the organization by automating vital business tasks. In this role you can expect to design, develop, and deploy Machine learning and Cognitive AI solutions using the UIPath platform across our organization. As an engineer on this team, you will build your confidence and professional exposure to UiPath BOT development and production deployment in multiple projects across our enterprise. In addition to the responsibilities above, you will craft and configure robotics processes and objects using core workflow principles in an efficient way while ensuring they are easily maintainable and easy to understand. During this work we expect you will also craft and uphold proper user documentation for the solutions, test procedures and scenarios during UAT and Production phases. Other Key Responsibilities: Lead meetings with process owners and our business partners to understand the as-is process and design the automation process flow. Understand existing processes and facilitate change requirements as part of a change control process. Work within an agile development methodology (i.e. Safe Agile) Maintain and develop basic DBMS skills and SQL skills. Gain exposure to error handling and recovery strategies. Build experience and confidence within our mainframe systems and remote applications like Citrix. Gain hands-on experience with advanced automation concepts such as OCR (optical character recognition) and Image Vision Qualifications/Requirements Required Skills: BS/BA Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related professional field 2+ years of hands-on development experience with a deep understanding of programming concepts, preferably in VB, C, .NET 1+ years of meaningful hands-on experience using Machine Learning / Cognitive AI principles. Hands-on to MS Azure cloud / MS Azure ML Desired Skills: Working knowledge and experience with Big Data technologies - Hadoop and its eco-system of technologies Proficient with at least one programming languages such as Java, Python, or R. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Relocation Eligible: Not Applicable Job Type: Regular All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy Please view our Pay Transparency Statement