Summary Responsible to manage and analyze the inputs of the data and output of the feedback from the Call Miner (CM) voice analytics tool. This includes establishing the relevant reports and distributing feedback throughout the management team in the organization. Help facilitate Direct Energy to drive a better customer experience, stay within Compliance, and facilitate expectations pertaining to Sales/Churn. Responsibilities/Skills & Qualifications Establish a detailed understanding of our strategies, vendor requirements, and regulatory concerns as they apply to our business Look for opportunities where gaps may exist between our stated practices and actual practices. Elevate significant gaps to executive management Based on your detailed understanding of our practices, calibrate Call Miner tool so it best reflects the content of our calls, highlighting areas of concern within our calls, as well as best practices Learn the mechanics of the CM product with the goal of being Direct Energy’s content expert on this tool While this is not an IT role, you should have familiarity with the mechanics of the CM and how it relates to our various collection databases. This includes how data is accumulated and how it flows through the process all the way from the call itself to the CM output Analyze the daily data input into CM to ensure its completeness and accuracy. Recommend process or improvement to the data feed into the CM tool to maximize the value of using this tool Improve our CM scripting to ensure our calls are properly graded by the CM software. This will entail learning the scripting “language” as well as writing the scripts to both capture potential call issues, as well as to minimize “false positives” on the calls Analyze the feedback within the CM environments looking for areas of consistent high performance, as well as areas of operational improvements. Look for trends in the data, and isolate patterns by client, site, collector, etc. Use this data to enhance the collector scorecard and provide regular feedback to the executives as well as the management team Determine weaknesses in our compliance and/or training program through the feedback received in the CM analytics. Recommend logical next steps to improve our processes to close any gaps or areas of concern Establish a set of executive level reports to bring forward the most relevant data Present the most relevant data in a clear and consistent manner to easily display any trends, etc. Develop a dashboard that includes trending information Education/Experience Computer skills in the following areas: CallMiner, Excel, Power Point, etc. Bachelor Degree from four-year College or University, four or five years of related business experience or administrative skills or professional functions. PLEASE APPLY ONLINE by hitting the ' Apply ' button. Applications will ONLY be accepted via the ‘Apply’ button. This role is being handled by the Centrica recruitment team and NO agency contact is required.