THE CHALLENGE Last year at Eventbrite organizers created 3 million events and we processed 150 million tickets. Behind all of those tickets and events is a number of teams working together to keep our product scalable and available as we grow. Our goal is to be the global platform for live experiences, and that means a checkout experience that is delightful, easy, and works anywhere for anyone. THE CULTURE We're a people-focused Engineering organization: our engineers value working together in small teams to solve big problems, supporting an active culture of mentorship and inclusion, and committing themselves to learn new things daily. Pair programming, weekly demos, tech talks, and quarterly hackathons are at the core of how we’ve built our team and product. We believe in engaging with the community, regularly hosting free events with some of the top technical speakers, and actively contributing to open source software. Our technology spans across web, mobile, API, big data, machine learning, search, physical point of sale, and scanning systems. THE ROLE The Expand Checkout team is working on a new checkout flow that will soon power ticket purchases on Eventbrite, our organizers' sites, and beyond. The team's objective is to increase availability and usage of the checkout flow on organizer sites, and drive revenue through new lines of business. Our engineers partner with our product owner and designer to refine requirements and shape our product, and collaborate with each other as a Scrum team to accomplish our goals. As a full stack developer on the checkout team, you will be able to support your teammates in a myriad of ways: develop new user interfaces in React and Redux, update Eventbrite's API to support new functionality, and help drive the architecture and design of both our frontend and backend code to ensure it's maintainable, well-tested, and forward-thinking. THE SKILL SET 2+ years or equivalent working experience in a mainstream programming language (Python, PHP, Ruby, C, C++, Java, etc) Experience or excitement to work with Python and the Django web framework 2+ years or equivalent working experience in JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3, with recent experience in ES6 Experience or excitement to work with complex Javascript applications using technologies like React and Redux Track record of quality, maintainable code with a focus on unit-testing/TDD/BDD Excitement to work with a diverse engineering team on challenging projects with multiple stakeholders Ability to take initiative, challenge the status quo, and produce results with great communication and collaboration skills Passion to learn and to mentor others BONUS POINTS Experience with API design and implementation Experience working on a Scrum team or being a scrum master in an Agile organization Familiarity working in a container environment like Docker Familiarity with continuous integration tools like Jenkins ABOUT EVENTBRITE Eventbrite is the world’s largest ticketing and event technology platform, powering millions of live experiences around the globe. We build technology that allows anyone to create, share, find and attend events of all kinds. Music festivals, marathons, conferences, hackathons, political rallies, fundraisers, gaming competitions— you name it, we power it. Meet some of the team. IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT? Sign up to keep in touch and we’ll let you know when we have new positions on our team. Eventbrite is a proud equal opportunity/affirmative action employer supporting workforce diversity. We do not discriminate based upon race, ethnicity, ancestry, citizenship status, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, registered domestic partner status, caregiver status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, genetic information, military or veteran status, mental or physical disability, political affiliation, status as a victim of domestic violence, assault or stalking, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. FLSA Status: Exempt Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Please read our Applicant Privacy Notice to understand how we process your personal information when you apply for a job with us.