The Logistics Analyst is responsible for data distribution and utilization of continuous improvement tools to aid in supporting our customers supply chain solutions in current and future operations. A Penske Logistics Analyst will work collectively as a liaison between Operations and other Penske support groups. This position will provide technical support, documenting and creating process flows, compile and deliver customer reports/metrics and error management resolution. Major Responsibilities: Responsible for providing technical support and prioritization related to system solutions. Responds to user inquiries, isolates problems, and supports implementation. Penske user and customer point of contact for review of existing system solutions and feedback/coordination of possible solutions. Ensure that system changes are accurate with limited impact. Applies established business rules for daily error management. Follow tasks/projects through to completion following project management principals Document process flows to better engage end user requirements and translate to systems development/engineering as needed Handles reoccurring tasks which may include generating daily reports, pulling relevant data from transportation/business intelligence systems and formatting data for easy interpretation Meet customer deadlines and provide required metrics/reports through data extraction Maps and documents standard operating processes and participate in process improvement teams Be able to resolve situations quickly, communicate status of problem, and work with the appropriate internal subject matter expert to resolve problems and support implementations Interacts with the customer by phone, email or in person on an as needed basis Other projects and tasks as assigned by supervisor Qualifications: 1 year comparable work experience High school diploma or equivalent required Some college preferred Fundamental understanding of transportation, supply chain and logistics concepts Strong written and oral communication skills Strong problem solving and time management skills required Ability to work effectively in a team environment Ability to work independently with minimum supervision Candidate must possess strong computer skills to include: Access, Excel, Microsoft Word Consistently demonstrates proven ability to learn and use necessary tools Ability to follows process and standard procedures Regular, predictable, full attendance is an essential function of the job Willingness to travel as necessary, work the required schedule, work at the specific location required, complete Penske employment application, submit to a background investigation (to include past employment, education, and criminal history) and drug screening are required. Physical Requirements: The physical and mental demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The associate will be required to: read; communicate verbally and/or in written form; remember and analyze certain information; and remember and understand certain instructions or guidelines. While performing the duties of this job, the associate may be required to stand, walk, and sit. The associate is frequently required to use hands to touch, handle, and feel, and to reach with hands and arms. The associate must be able to occasionally lift and/or move up to 25lbs/12kg. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus. Penske is an Equal Opportunity Employer. About Penske Logistics Penske Logistics is a wholly owned subsidiary of Penske Truck Leasing. With operations in North America, South America, Europe and Asia, Penske Logistics provides supply chain management and logistics services to leading companies around the world. Penske Logistics delivers value through its design, planning and execution in transportation, warehousing and freight management. Visit www.PenskeLogistics.com to learn more. Work Locations: 2100 Minnesota 55 Medina, MN Primary Location: United States-Minnesota-Medina Job: Logistics/Supply Chain Penske (Oracle) Job Name: Logistics/Supply Chain Req ID: 1807772