The Project Manager is responsible for bringing projects from concept to completion, managing the project delivery process to achieve successful implementation of the company's real estate development projects. Key Responsibilities: Prepare feasibility studies, using ‘test-fits’, take-off assumptions, and potential concept layouts to provide preliminary budgets, project timelines, and development plans. Develop relationships in the design, general contracting, subcontracting, and professional engineering markets to further expand ODM’s real estate reach and network base. Monitor multiple projects of varying scope and scale simultaneously from planning through design and construction management phases. Support business development activities including design/construction relationship development, program-specific positioning activities, teaming arrangements, proposal preparation, presentations, and contract negotiations consistent with established business development processes. Ensure budgetary and scheduling parameters are consistently tracked, adhered to, and comply with stated objectives. Continually monitor current trends in the workplace and the ability to present these ideas to decision makers. Lead and participate in meetings with ODM Management, Architect, Interior design teams, MEP, structural, Geotech, Constructors, and related business discipline stakeholders. Prepare and make presentations to ODM Management requested for projects in progress Ensure implementation and compliance of ODM policies and procedures on development projects Effectively interact and communicate with all levels of management, support staff, and third-party project related vendors and contractors. Minimum Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Bachelor’s Degree in Real Estate, Construction Management, or Design/Architecture related Degree from an accredited college or university. 10 years building design and/or construction experience in the following areas: project management, architecture/design, real estate development or construction field. Experience working for an Architecture Firm, Development Company, Program Management, Owner’s Facility Team or as a Consultant is preferred. Demonstrates ability to identify project risks, develop risk mitigation and contingency plans, and implement action plans to reduce or eliminate project risks. Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Microsoft Project. Familiarity with AutoCAD, Revit and/or BIM preferred. Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects throughout their lifecycles simultaneously while maintaining exceptional internal communication skills. Proven business acumen. Demonstrated communication skills (verbal, written and presentation) and the ability to convey technical information to a wide variety of audiences. Demonstrated ability to develop constructive and cooperative working relationships with others and maintain relationships over time. Supplemental Job Functions: Performs other duties as assigned by supervisor. Working Conditions: This positon requires qualified individuals must either reside in or near the Metro Detroit area or be willing to relocate to the area for this opportunity. Travel throughout the region, with approximately 5% overnight travel. The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those a colleague encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.