Equal Opportunity Employer: Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran Waste Management (WM), a Fortune 250 company, is the leading provider of comprehensive waste and environmental services in North America. We are strongly committed to a foundation of operating excellence, professionalism and financial strength. WM serves nearly 25 million customers in residential, commercial, industrial and municipal markets throughout North America through a network of collection operations, transfer stations, landfills, recycling facilities and waste-based energy production projects. To enable our business to expand our lead in a market increasingly enhanced by technology, Waste Management is undertaking a substantial technology transformation. We are seeking talented Information Technology professionals to join the Waste Management team who are motivated to help us transform the way we design, build and use technology. With your skills and experience, we look for you to combine your technical expertise with industry best practices in an effort to align information technology solutions with Waste Management business strategy. I. Job Summary The Sr. Enterprise Architect builds a holistic view of the enterprise’s strategy, processes, information, and information technology assets, and then uses that context to define an enterprise-wide Digital architecture that will meet current and future needs in an efficient, sustainable, agile, and adaptable manner. The Architect is part of a highly collaborative Enterprise Architecture team accountable for defining and driving our enterprise compute strategies. The Sr. Enterprise Architect is a technology evangelist with the presence and credibility to influence major business decisions at the executive and board levels. II. Duties and Responsibilities To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other ancillary duties may be assigned. defining enterprise technology standards, roadmaps, modules, and tools for the enterprise developing a long-term strategic utilization plan for the company's systems and helps “as is” architectures become “to be” architectures through phasing and cost benefit analysis collaborating with other architects to provide consensus-based enterprise solutions that are scalable, adaptable and synchronized with the ever-changing business needs defining policies, standards, and guidelines that direct the selection, development, implementation and use of information technologies within the enterprise collaborating with other professionals to determine functional and non- functional requirements for new software or applications providing technical guidance and coaching to developers and engineers managing risks associated with information and Digital assets through the development, use and promotion of the appropriate standards and security policies settling architecture differences or conflicts existing across the various architecture layers in the enterprise evangelizing and explaining SOA, integration and other architecture principles, benefits and technical solutions to business and technical audiences partnering with business and IT leaders and architects to provide direction and architectural strategy advice on complex and dynamic issues executing the enterprise product evaluation and technology acquisition process defining, planning, implementing and managing existing and emerging technologies leading the emerging technologies governance council aligning IT architecture technology strategy and frameworks to enable the company's business strategy and goals, by providing guidance and building consensus among and across stakeholders facilitating architecture reviews - participating, reviewing, collaborating, approving, identifying and addressing concerns. guiding team and partnering in alternate options and risk mitigation III. Supervisory Responsibilities Potentially manage up to 4 to 6 Enterprise Architects IV. Qualifications The requirements listed below are representative of the qualifications necessary to perform the job: A. Education and Experience Education: Bachelor’s Degree (accredited) in Computer Science, MIS, Engineering, or similar area of study or in lieu of degree, High School Diploma or GED (accredited) and four years of relevant work experience. Experience: Ten years of prior work experience with three years in Enterprise Architecture (in addition to education requirement). B. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations or Other Requirements The Open Group Architecture Framework (TOGAF) certification required. C. Other Knowledge, Skills or Abilities Required Strong intellect with demonstrable ability to influence through healthy debate Team player with the ability to both lead and support - strong collaboration skills to work with internal and external stakeholders Experience with enabling enterprise adoption of cloud-based managed services Proven experience as a software architect Broad and extensive knowledge of the software development process and its technologies Excellent knowledge of software and application design and architecture patterns Understanding of various coding methods Experience with data modeling and database design Experience with software development lifecycle (SDLC) processes Experience with designing microservices-based architecture that can be deployed in containers in the cloud Experience with architecting customer relationship management and eCommerce solutions Experience in operationalizing solutions for user and application access Experience with high volume global cloud architectures Proven history of being able to communicate vision and persuade adoption Strong skills in critical thinking and analysis, meeting facilitation, verbal and written communications, and interpersonal interactions (e.g., partnering, conflict management, consulting, etc.) Ability to perform complex data analysis using company provided tools and systems Ability to document complex architectural concepts and solutions in both business and technical terms Proven capability to understand and meet requirements from both internal and external customers Proven experience as a successful technical lead, able to guide a technical team effectively Proven experience with various architecture disciplines such as security, network, operations, and data architecture Experience of integrating with on-site and 3rd party cloud applications Must be able to identify and work with stakeholders to collect, aggregate, and evaluate requirements in light of current and future technology, resources, and budgets V. Work Environment Listed below are key points regarding environmental demands and work environment of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. Normal setting for this job is: office setting and/or landfill/outdoor. Benefits At Waste Management, each eligible employee receives a competitive total compensation package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance and Short Term Disability. As well as a Stock Purchase Plan, Company match on 401K, and more! Our employees also receive Paid Vacation, Holidays, and Personal Days. Please note that benefits may vary by site. If this sounds like the opportunity that you have been looking for, please click "Apply.” I understand that applying to this job indicates that I have the legal right to work in the United States. I agree to perform physical duties of this position as outlined in the job with or without reasonable accommodations. I understand that if offered the position, I will be required to pass a drug screen.