Company Overview Caliva is your friendly and trusted cannabis brand. We believe in wellness options that work for your lifestyle; in boosting your spirits and seeking adventure; in motivating the mind, steadying the body and being inspired to create. A true seed to sale company; we cultivate happy plants and happy people and strive to provide California with dependable cannabis options. We were ranked 1 in the nation by Business Insider and stand by our promise of consistency, transparency, and accessibility. Join the Caliva team as a Cycle Counter and become part of something exciting. As one of the largest cannabis companies in the state of California, we pride ourselves in our compliance, professionalism, commitment to quality, and positive atmosphere. Job Description The Cycle Counter maintains accuracy of the inventories by performing mandatory cycle counts, audits of inventory processes and procedures, physical inventories, and monitoring transactions. The incumbent analyzes and corrects daily inventory discrepancies in a timely manner to maintain a highly accurate and precise perpetual inventory record. Analyze, report and recommend process improvements that will increase inventory accuracy levels company-wide. Cooperate and collaborate within operations and cross-functional teams on continuous improvement programs to optimize supply chain and inventory processes. Duties & Responsibilities Analyzes and reviews all inventory related activities. Identifies and corrects daily inventory discrepancies in a timely manner. Works under the direction of the Supervisor, Operations Control. Maintains inventory levels by verifying the physical inventory: performing mandatory cycle counts, inventory audits, audits of inventory processes and procedures and physical inventories. Analyzes and reviews all inventory related activities, identifies areas for improvement and communicates these findings with all levels of management. Monitors product notices to ensure proper handling, warehousing, storage, documentation and destruction of materials. Records and reports material handling errors to department supervision. Prepares and reports daily, weekly and monthly cycle count analysis reports and metrics. Facilitate the collection, analysis and reporting of key operations metrics. Collaborates with business and IT stakeholders to develop tools, data queries and processes for improving metric reporting. Audits supply chain inventory processes and procedures. Facilitates the creation and modification of Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) as required. Keeps up on standards, regulations/laws and issues with respect to product quality. Qualifications Associates degree or its equivalent is required. Stock Picker and/or Forklift certification is preferred, otherwise must obtain within the first week on the job. Excellent communication skills and the ability to work well with people at all levels are essential. Must have strong organizational, analytical, problem solving, and management skills. Experience with MS-Office (especially Excel, Word, Access) is needed. Additional Skills Lean Six Sigma Green Belt APICS Certification