In this role you will be part of a new and growing cross divisional team of R&D innovators in the new Continental San Jose Silicon Valley R&D Center. Our overall focus is to conceive, develop and innovate technology for future Continental mobility solutions. While working in a fast pace and relatively new organization you will have the support of Continental’s 200,000+ employees, 32,000+ engineers and 12,000+ IT specialists worldwide and the benefits of working for a large and stable organization. As part of Continental’s preproduct development in Artificial Intelligence (AI), we are investigating and developing technologies that enable efficient development, deployment, and execution of AI functions on embedded computing devices. One of our central challenges is to provide safe, high performance computing capabilities to enable AI applications in vehicles. This includes machine learning algorithms and the functions they support such as sensing and perception, situational awareness, and vehicle mobility control. Today machine learning still has limitations, especially in the integration in automotive, embedded controllers. In this position you will join a team that is addressing this challenge directly. Core Responsibilities: Research and development on the efficient software integration and runtime behavior of artificial intelligence in embedded, high performance controllers (domain controller, central controller) for automotive applications Development and realization of framework software to optimize systems Development of easy-to-handle testing infrastructure to enable efficient development testing of AI functionalities on an embedded target system. Establish relationships and cooperative projects with universities to foster the research on explain-ability of neural networks. Self-organized work in research projects, demonstration projects and development of prototypes Coordination with customer projects including requirements development for operating system and infrastructure software Evaluate and recommend options consistent with industry best practices, including required ongoing learning and experimentation with new technology trends, methods and tools. Realization of all work products with respect to the automotive quality and innovation processes. Coordination with development departments in other locations and organizational units Work as an individual contributor member of a distributed, international team. Qualifications Basic Qualifications: Bachelor degree in computer engineering, computer science or equivalent area of study Minimum 3 years of relevant professional work experience developing embedded software Experience in integration- and runtime work packages for applications of artificial intelligence, such as ROS, CUDNN, OpenCV Familiarity with artificial intelligence algorithms, AI software implementation Familiarity with machine learning frameworks, development environments and libraries Programming language expertise: Java, C++ Scripting language expertise: Python Proven track record of relevant work products with an emphasis on solving real-world problems. Capability to work in interdisciplinary project teams Strength in the realization of new work assignments Self-motivated and goal oriented work structure; solution orientation Intercultural competencies; work in international teams, customer- and quality orientation Readiness for action and ability to make well-justified engineering decisions. Preferred Qualifications: Master or Doctoral degree in computer engineering, computer science or equivalent area of study, or equivalent work experience Five years of relevant professional work experience developing embedded software Experience in integration- and runtime work packages for artificial intelligence Knowledge and a level of expertise in SW integration on embedded controllers Previous success in implementation of machine learning/artificial intelligence in real-world applications. Experience with one or more machine learning open source libraries: Caffe, TensorFlow, or Keras Experience with definition of abstract programming levels for use in API creation Familiarity with embedded computing software safety and security methods Familiarity with mobile cloud-edge and/or cloud computing Familiarity with methods for enabling target platform independency Knowledge of the challenges related to test, validation and safety assurance of systems with embedded AI. Excellent written and verbal communication skills Rapid prototyping and agile development EEO Statement EEO / AA / Disabled / Protected Veteran Employer. Continental offers equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals, without regard to unlawful consideration to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, religion, national origin, disability