Req ID: 42324 smart people. smart ideas. smart choice. At MTS, we offer a rewarding career path for those who are willing to work hard, think hard, and commit to solving complex and critical challenges for our customers around the world (many of whom are Fortune 500 companies with names that are likely very familiar to you.) You’ll have access to the latest tools and technologies to develop industry- leading software applications in a fast-paced, agile environment. Advanced, custom-built test automation systems are needed to continually verify that our software is working as expected. In this role, you will analyze a complex software system and design innovative test suites to automatically exercise and validate working code. You’ll discover a dynamic culture of continuous improvement that extends to our people, one that offers numerous ways to expand your knowledge and advance your career. Currently, we are looking for a Software Developer. In this role, you will you will be part of a team developing software for automotive mechanical simulations. MTS RPC® Pro software allows our customers to bring the automotive test track into the laboratory enabling them to simulate real-world durability events on components and full-scale vehicles. The vehicle you drive every day is significantly better than vehicles of the past because of MTS Systems and RPC Pro. Our business is thriving. Our future is exciting. Your potential is unlimited. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBZqUHA2vnZmsIwwavVGN3A Responsibilities Daily team interaction required via scrum meetings. Strong initiative, team and communication skills. We use a scrum methodology and strongly believe in teamwork as a fundamental requirement for successful project execution. Develop high-quality, maintainable code using engineering best practices (unit testing, code reviews, continuous integration) Ability to work in a dynamic, high-paced environment. Drive for results Self-organizing to help meet team sprint goals Experience participating in online code reviews, as this is key accountability for all developers on our team to maintain a consistently healthy code base. Requirements: BS degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or a related field 5+ years software development experience Microsoft desktop application stack and development environment Experience with WPF and C with Model-view-viewmodel (MVVM) .NET framework Preferred: Experience with Visual Studio and Team Foundation Server Experience with Agile software development processes preferred Background in an engineering domain or experience with complex mechanical systems MTS Systems Corporation is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, creed, gender, gender identification, sexual orientation, national origin, physical or mental disability, age, marital status or veteran status.