This individual contributor is primarily responsible for assisting in the translation of business requirements and functional specifications into technical requirements, assisting in development or modification of infrastructure solutions, and assisting in the implementation of assigned systems to ensure successful deployment and operation. Essential Responsibilities: Completes work assignments by applying up-to-date knowledge in subject area to meet deadlines; following procedures and policies, and applying data and resources to support projects or initiatives; collaborating with others, often cross-functionally, to solve business problems; supporting the completion of priorities, deadlines, and expectations; communicating progress and information; identifying and recommending ways to address improvement opportunities when possible; and escalating issues or risks as appropriate. Pursues self-development and effective relationships with others by sharing resources, information, and knowledge with coworkers and customers; listening, responding to, and seeking performance feedback; acknowledging strengths and weaknesses; assessing and responding to the needs of others; and adapting to and learning from change, difficulties, and feedback. As part of the IT Engineering job family, this position is responsible for leveraging DEVOPS, and both Waterfall and Agile practices, to design, develop, and deliver resilient, secure, multi-channel, high-volume, high-transaction, on/off-premise, cloud-based solutions. Assists in the development and execution of hardware and infrastructure software tests to identify system errors. Assists in the translation of business requirements, and functional and non-functional specifications, into technical requirements that support integrated and sustainable designs for designated infrastructure systems by collaborating with Business Analysts to understand business needs and functional specifications. Gathers and assesses data on options, risks, costs, and benefits for systems designs. Assists in the evaluation of new service options, identification of issues and impacts, and recommendations regarding feasibility and ROI. Supports own team throughout system development and implementation. Provides key input on IT infrastructure planning, engineering, and architecture for assigned systems. Assists in the development or modification of solutions by helping to identify technical solutions to business problems. Assists in the maintenance of assigned enterprise infrastructure systems to ensure successful deployment and operation by developing and documenting detailed processes and procedures for the introduction and maintenance of services. Supports systems integration testing (SIT), component integration testing (CIT), and user acceptance testing (UAT) by providing insight to testing teams to support the development of test plans. Assists in the evaluation of existing systems to make recommendations on resources required to maintain service levels. Assists in physical architecture design for new initiatives. Supports the development of system design prototypes. Adheres to company architecture standards when developing system designs.