Providing data warehouse solutions using MPP technology (Vertica preferred). Utilizing advanced SQL, database fundamentals, performance tuning and Dimensional Modeling to provide design data solutions that meet business ends. Working with business leadership to design data solutions that meet business needs. This includes gathering requirements, designing solutions, creating JIRA stories, managing the backlog, giving demos, and reporting status to senior management. Operating a mission critical data warehouse. This includes monitoring ETL, data availability, and data quality, and coordinating a response (using PagerDuty) when SLAs are not being met. Working with large, complex source systems, and working with developers of those systems to dig in and understand the complexities of the data. Experience/ Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electronics Engineering, Information Technology, Computer Information Systems, Software Engineering or a related field. Minimum 3-5 years related experience. Detail orientated with excellent time management skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Experience with Data Warehousing and Data Analytics specializing in Data Ingestion, Data Storage, Data Analysis, and Data Visualization. Strong knowledge of SQL, Unix Shell Scripting, Python, R, Teradata, Oracle, Hive, Hadoop, MySQL, SAP Hana, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Radar, MacOSx, and Google App Engine are required. About eTouch Systems Corp: eTouch Systems is a Technology Solutions consulting company specializing in Enterprise Technology Strategy, Technology Program Management, Architecture Consulting and Evaluation, Software Development, Testing and Systems Integration. eTouch's full suite of services includes web applications, enterprise portal development, data warehousing and business intelligence, web security, content management systems and mobile application development. eTouch Systems Corp is an Equal Employment Opportunity Provider. Job Location/ Where to Apply: eTouch Systems Corporation, 6627 Dumbarton Circle, Fremont, CA 94555. Please apply with the relevant job code.