We are only accepting local applicants in the greater Los Angeles Area. Sr. Network Engineer - Los Angeles, CA The Senior Network Engineer reports to the Vice President of Network Architecture and Interconnection and is a member of CoreSite’s Operations team. The position provides advanced technical expertise in the implementation, support, and architecture of the Networking technologies within the overall CoreSite network infrastructure. The role assesses network performance, redundancy, scalability and makes recommendations for upgrades and improvements to CoreSite’s corporate and customer facing infrastructure. It provides focus on long-range planning and strategy considerations, and supports the development and support of technical standards and ITIL based processes. Under minimal supervision, the Senior Network Engineer will perform advanced network engineering level functions in support of a multi-site service provider environment. The engineer will provide technical assistance and perform problem resolution on applications issues and advanced network problems. Manage medium to large scale complex projects affecting the entire network. Assist in the design of the company network architecture and detailed technical configuration. Duties: Design and architecture of current and future network technology needs of company with emphasis on optimizations to current architectures, high availability configurations, and new product offerings. Implementation of various enterprise and carrier networking technologies including enterprise multi- gigabit Ethernet and optical switches, multi-protocol routers, DWDM, SONET, and multi-homed Internet Service Providers, etc. Shared monitoring and support of Network infrastructure (switches, routers, firewalls), telecommunications (SONET, T1/E1, DS3, OCx, DWDM, etc.), and Internet Service Providers and inter-connection equipment Occasional travel to datacenter sites for planning, installation, or support needs Attendance at industry trade shows such as NANOG and Interop to self education and promotion of CoreSite’s Internet Exchange Point, Any2 Exchange, and other products and services. Practice network asset management, including maintenance of network component inventory and related documentation and technical specifications information. Produce network topology diagrams for existing and new infrastructures for sales, customers, marketing, and other internal needs. Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: Ability to work independently and manage multiple priorities Strong leadership skills Excels in a team-oriented work environment Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills Experience with public speaking engagements Exhibits a strong work ethic and accountability to deadlines Education/Experience: 10+ years’ experience as Senior Network Engineer (or Architect) in service provider network environment that includes high end routing/switching network infrastructure from vendors such as Cisco or Brocade 7+ years’ experience with routing protocols such as BGP, EIGRP, OSPF in a national/global infrastructure 5+ years’ experience with Telecommunications technologies working with various types of circuits and equipment (DSx, OCx, MUX’s, CSU/DSU, etc.) Experience with IPv6 IP addressing and DNS Preferred experience with VPLS and MPLS configurations Preferred experience in ISP and/or telecommunications companies Preferred experience with cloud computing architectures – IAS, SAS, etc. Preferred CCNP or equivalent certification Four year college/trade education preferred Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools or controls; reach with hands and arms; climb stairs; balance; stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl; talk or hear; taste or smell. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. Benefits & Life at CoreSite: Not only does CoreSite have a fun, team-focused work environment, but we also offer great benefits! Medical and Vision coverage through Cigna Heath Care Dental Insurance through Delta Dental 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan with a Company Contribution Life Insurance, Short-Term & Long-term Disability Insurance fully paid by the company Medical and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account (FSA) Plans Free parking or a company contribution toward a public transit pass 3 weeks of Personal Time Off (PTO) 10 paid Holidays Wellness Program with annual incentive Please note: Relocation assistance will not be provided for this job. If you are interested in a role like this, but currently do not live in the defined location, we encourage you to view our other open positions. CoreSite is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Race, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status or any other status protected by applicable law are not taken into account in any employment decisions.CoreSite completes a variety of background check assessments (including inquiries of criminal history and drug tests) in accordance with all federal, state and local laws. Candidates are considered consistent with the requirements of the FCIHO and other applicable regulations. If you require assistance or an accommodation to successfully complete an application with CoreSite, please notify us. Thank you for your interest in CoreSite.