Renton,Washington,United States GCB5N1 The Boeing Company is seeking a Supply Chain Specialist (Entry-Level) in Renton, WA to provide First Responder customer support. The organization runs 24/7 365 days a year and will require schedule flexibility for assignment to work any shift. Focus of the position is to assist the Material Services customer support organization in responding to customer inquiries and providing information regarding Boeing products, services, processes and operations. POSITION RESPONSIBLITIES: Collaborate with customers to determine specific order needs and provide solutions; develop, prepare and deliver presentations for customers and/or management. Enter, track, monitor and coordinate customer order delivery requirements. Respond to customer inquiries and coordinate order delivery issue resolution. Advise customer regarding order status, changes or improvements of orders and follow up with customers on issues related to their accounts. Answer customer phone calls and respond to customer request via electronic or other media, using multiple Boeing computer systems in a fast paced, highly time sensitive environment. Analyze customer spare parts requirement inquiries, facilitate responses and resolve delivery problems. Analyze supplier and/ or customer data regarding ordering and/ or delivery of spare parts and provisioning products or related services. Retrieve, research and resolve customer emails and Service Requests. Escalate customer requirements by creating Service Requests, route and follow-up Service Requests. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a "US Person" as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. "US Person" includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): Requires the ability to cover any shift of a 24/7 365 day operation. Experience with face to face customer interaction is extremely important as well as excellent phone etiquette. Bachelors Degree Required Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Prefer Bi/multi-lingual capability Prefer knowledge of aerospace industry and logistics support plans. Experience working in a fast paced customer service related environment is helpful. Typical Education/ Experience: Bachelor's degree This position is located in Renton, WA and does not offer relocation assistance. Applicants must reside in area or be willing to relocate at their own expense. No Supply Chain Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company