Position Summary: Supports the Technical Projects Manager by analyzing claims, quality monitoring reports (QMRs), field quality manager reports, Techline and CRS cases to present the full scope of new and on-going quality concerns. Analysis requests may be recurring scheduled reviews as well as those assigned as needed by the manager. The specialist’s regular entry of this supporting data is the primary driver used by Subaru Corporation (SBR) when assigning the priority and resources necessary to address the reported concern. Organizes and maintains incoming technical information in service quality related databases. Provides support to in-house and field quality managers (40+ personnel) by ensuring time sensitive projects for data analysis and part collections remain on-track and contain the required level of detail. Targets on-site investigations by field quality managers to capture needed failure mode details for manufacturer and suppliers based upon claims, parts orders, and quality report review. Further supports Field Quality Assurance Analysis (FQAA) group by maintaining and updating project logs, inventories, billings & reimbursements and tracking general field programs as assigned by field quality management. Primary Responsibilities: Analyze claims and technical reports to determine if conditions found match those already reported and if same reports are before or after existing countermeasure(s). Create new and update existing field reports in manufacturer’s Technical Reporting system and SOA quality database. Maintains SOA’s quality database information by opening new projects, entering SBR responses & regularly analyzing/mining data to provide current status summaries for ongoing projects. Analyze part orders to identify repairs currently under investigation and assign to field quality managers for follow up, includes tracking completion of field quality manager assignments. Review Parts Backorder Report weekly to identify new or trending quality issues, perform required analysis and assign to field quality manager for follow up, includes tracking completion of field quality manager assignments. Tracks Quick Reaction Activities (QRA’s) and ensures all requirements such as tools and equipment shipments, trial parts, and fuel sample containers are sent in advance and returned at end of each activity. Parts collected are shipped as requested and retailer reimbursements are processed in a timely manner. Payments to vendors are processed. Invoicing to requested groups is completed to close the activity. Provides technical assistance and support to manufacturer representatives at retailers as part of Quick Reaction Activities (QRA) for quality investigations, accident/incident Investigation, port rectifications. Requires overnight or weekly travel including some weekend days. May included extended stays off-site. Additional Responsibilities: Provides technical assistance and input for service publication development Provides feedback on observed concerns with provided service manual diagnostics Provides insights for potential technical training improvements based upon data analysis, observations, and interactions with various personnel Required Skills and Abilities: Strong background / experience in MS Excel and Access for data mining purposes. Ability to work in a fast-paced service environment with constantly changing priorities. Can work with diverse group of field representatives and cultures. Understanding of customer satisfaction and loyalty. Background in automotive technology as a technician and other retailer service operations. Subaru Master Technician or able to complete requisite training to achieve within 24 months. ASE Master Technician or able to achieve certifications within 12 months. Experience working in a retail automotive environment preferred. Work Environment: Ability to Travel 5 - 10 % as required, some evening and weekend work, travel to port locations for rectification activities, travel to retailers for QRA activities. Education and Experience: (4 Year Degree - BA/BS) Preffered, or relevant combination of technical experience and certification