Banner Engineering is a global leader in process and industrial automation, helping customers increase efficiency, reduce costs, ensure quality, monitor and control processes, and safeguard employees. Join our amazing team to produce some amazing products that continue to meet or exceed our customers’ needs. Position Summary Provides an initial point of contact for representatives, distributors and direct customers to resolve inquiries which include, but are not limited to: tracking shipments, order entry, expediting deliveries, preparing special sales agreements, product availability and answers basic questions about products. Responsibilities and Duties Provides high quality support and a great customer experience by creating and nurturing relationships with customers and channel partners. Manages multiple priorities at once including incoming phone calls, order entry, email and responding to sales team member questions or requests. Receives and processes orders from customers and channel partners for shipment from designated manufacturing plants. Obtains and extracts order information and provides customer service management with the data. Provides information concerning product availability and pricing. Collaborates with Applications Engineers, Area Sales Managers, Business Development Managers, etc. to assist the customer in any way possible. Supervisory Responsibilities None Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Sit for up to 2 hours at a time Utilize a mouse, keyboard and computer Exposed to a computer screen for up to 8 hours per day Working Environment The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Corporate office environment – indoor and climate-controlled. Abilities: Adaptability : Addresses multiple demands and competing priorities while meeting deadlines. Attention to Detail : Ability to see the big picture of a project while keeping the small elements in mind. Customer Focus : Makes the customers’ needs and experience their primary focus. Dependability : Completes tasks on time and takes responsibility for actions. Organizational Skills : Determines priorities and allocates time and resources effectively to accomplish a goal/objective. Problem Solving : Takes action that is consistent with available facts, constraints and probably consequences Teamwork : Collaborates with other teams/departments and maintains positive relationships with those teams/departments. Verbal Communications : Demonstrates effective listening skills and displays openness to others’ ideas and thoughts. _This job description reflects management’s assignment of key responsibilities;_ _It does not prescribe or restrict the tasks that may be assigned._