Who we are... Verra Mobility is a global leader in smart mobility. We develop technology- enabled solutions that help the world move safely and easily. We are fostering the development of safe cities, working with police departments and municipalities to install over 4,000 red-light, speed, and school bus stop arm safety cameras across North America. We are also creating smart roadways, serving the world's largest commercial fleets and rental car companies to manage tolling transactions and violations for over 8.5 million vehicles. And we are a leading provider of connected systems, processing nearly 165 million transactions each year across 50+ individual tolling authorities. In a nutshell Verra Mobility’s Mesa office is hiring a Business Process Analyst. The successful individual will be responsible for maintaining operational performance goals with regard to data entry; process quality and efficiency; process streamlining and monitoring KPIs. This person will apply a comprehensive and in-depth working knowledge of business policies, practices and processes in order to resolve client and supplier issues in a timely manner. It is preferred that this individual will have experience with a formal process improvement methodology (i.e. Six Sigma, Lean Manufacturing, Theory of Constraints, etc.). This is the kind of stuff you'll do Regularly develop processes to monitor and measure business performance and formally report findings to business leaders Proactively research, identify and resolve processing issues, as well as make process improvement recommendations designed to improve transactional quality and efficiency Interpret / Analyze complex data to identify areas of concern, and work with internal departments to help resolve issues, implement and monitor solutions Propose, communicate, and support opportunities and solutions for mid to large sized initiatives What we need in you BS/BA Degree or equivalent years of experience; Master’s Degree preferred At least 3 years of experience as a Business Process Analyst Ability to analyze and present complex data in a simple, understandable manner based on process Translate analyzed data and any trends noted into strategic thinking by determining what, if any, impact the data analysis conclusions have on the responsibilities, capabilities, and/or future potential of the organization to be able to fulfill its business value proposition Excellent computer skills and proficiency using Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, Access, PowerBI) Exceptional communications skills including the ability to facilitate, document, interview, write analysis summaries, provide input to business cases, prepare and deliver presentations, etc. Excellent interpersonal skills including the ability to persuade, collaborate, professionally debate/discuss issues, coach, delegate project tasks, and leverage situational leadership techniques appropriately