This position is a SAS programmer and Data Analyst in the Reporting Systems Unit of TEA's Division of Performance Reporting. Essential Job Functions: Program and perform research and analysis in support of the statewide standard accountability system and the Texas Academic Performance Report (TAPR). Build annual datasets used to report student mobility, advanced courses, attendance, AP/IB and SAT/ACT examinations, disciplinary placements, college and career readiness, staff tenure and turnover, class size, graduates and college-ready graduates. Assist in conducting data quality checks and reviews of products on paper and on the division's website. Create and maintain extensive documentation which includes research and analysis that support the business rules and processes critical to the creation of source data for each project. Assist with responding to telephone calls. Complete ad hoc programming requests. Perform detailed data analysis. Other duties as assigned. This role performs complex computer programming work and works under general supervision, with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Minimum Qualifications: Education: Graduation from an accredited four (4) year college or university. Experience: Two (2) years of experience with SAS or other programming experience including systems analysis and design work. Three (3) years of experience preferred. Substitutions: An advanced degree may substitute for two years of required experience. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Knowledge of: Texas education data Unix and Windows environments Skill in: Base SAS HTML and web development Microsoft Office (especially Excel) time management Ability to: communicate effectively both orally and in writing understand data and the mechanics of the rating system at the journey level, but also be able to communicate the information at a lay-persons' level work on multiple projects with varying timelines be detail-oriented while handling multiple projects; and assure the quality and accuracy of work produced by self and others exhibit a positive attitude and professional behavior to support colleagues in achieving division and agency goals work in a team environment Supplemental Information: This job description is not an employment agreement or contract. Management has the exclusive right to alter this job description at any time without notice. Salary is dependent on qualifications. Positions exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) will earn compensatory time off rather than overtime for hours in excess of 40 per week. May be required to work hours other than 8 to 5. May be required to work weekends and holidays. In accordance with applicable federal and state equal opportunity laws, it is TEA's policy that no person shall be excluded from consideration for recruitment, selection, appointment, training, promotion, retention or any other personnel action, or be denied any benefits or participation in any educational programs or activities which it operates on the grounds of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, disability, age or veteran status (except where age, sex, or disability constitutes a bona fide occupational qualification necessary to proper and efficient administration). The Immigration Reform and Control Act requires all new employees to present proof of identity and eligibility to work in the United States. TEA does not sponsor H1-B work visas. Males, 18 to 25 years of age, are required to present proof of selection service registration (or exemption) prior to being employed by any state agency. There is a 60-day waiting period for health insurance coverage. This position requires the applicant to meet Agency standards and criteria which may include passing a pre-employment criminal background check, prior to being offered employment by the Agency. Please note, TEA does not accept resumes. An internal applicant who is selected for a position in their current salary group that has the same state title is not eligible for a salary increase. An internal applicant who is selected for a position in their current salary group with a new state title may receive an increase up to 3.4%. The Texas Education Agency uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify.