OVERALL SUMMARY: The television landscape is changing at an increasing pace, as digital technology disrupts distribution, business models, programming forms and consumer behavior. Enabled by digital set-top boxes, the MSOs and MVPDs are becoming more data and insights driven in their valuation of content, their bundles and packaging, their marketing and their subscriber acquisition and retention. OTT players (e.g., Netflix) have a plethora of data and use it to inform and optimize every aspect of their business, with rigorous experimentation capabilities. Never before have consumers had such choice of what, where, when and how to watch programming. HBO is the leading premium TV provider. To remain competitive, it is essential that HBO maintains deep competence in the areas of research and analytics. Research and analytics will inform marketing strategy and execution, program and scheduling strategy, product performance (design and content optimization) and customer experience management. This is a key position that requires a person capable of directing the development and execution of primary research efforts that deliver focused, actionable and timely insights that create a competitive advantage for HBO’s global business. They will be expected to synthesize learnings across sources (custom and syndicated research) that will enable informed decision-making and help achieve and measure success against strategic and operational business goals. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Direct and oversee qualitative and quantitative research. These efforts may include but are not limited to areas such as pricing, customer experience, marketing/promotion, feature development, concept/program testing, consumer profiling (services, devices, behaviors, needs), and market profiling (service and device penetrations, current offers, new entrants). While the focus is domestic (US), exploring global opportunities and/or understanding the impact of global expansion/application is expected to be a growing responsibility. Consult with senior management and key stakeholders across other Research and client groups to determine business priorities and objectives. Key client groups include Digital Products, Distribution, Consumer Marketing, Program Planning and Strategic Finance. Identify cross-departmental opportunities for developing and sharing research (including partnering with other areas of Research), with the intent of creating innovative approaches to drive cost efficiency and generate new insights that provide competitive advantage and inform strategic and tactical objectives. Write requests for proposals, including determination of appropriate research methodologies and budget allocation, data collection methods, sampling, sourcing and selection of suppliers. Handle day-to-day oversight of the research process, including project-related information and specifications to suppliers and regular communication with stakeholders to provide progress updates and to anticipate any future issues/needs. Analyze research results, create and refine reports and give presentations to appropriate stakeholders and their teams. Contribute to departmental goal-setting and elevating the role of the department within the company. REQUIREMENTS: A minimum of 10 years’ experience across broad research areas, including product research (in particular digital platforms and/or applications), pricing, brand, positioning, customer/user experience, consumer profiling, market assessment and program/content research Ability to travel as needed for research efforts, as well as occasional trips to the LA and Seattle offices Experience in one or more of the following environments: research supplier, cable/satellite/telco, mobile, media, entertainment or interactive businesses focused on the consumer universe Advanced knowledge of a broad range of quantitative research and analytic methodologies/best practices, with specific expertise in approaches like choice modeling and segmentation Knowledge of a broad range of qualitative research methodologies and best practices (in-person, online) The ability to piece together disparate multiple data-sets and perspectives to create cohesive and compelling narratives that inform key business strategies and decisions Excellent verbal and written story-telling and communication skill, in order to effectively relate complex and sometimes controversial insights at all levels of the organization Ability to handle multiple research projects simultaneously and effectively manage competing priorities Strong organizational, analytical, and problem-solving skills, with an open approach to solving complex, multidimensional challenges. Excellent interpersonal and staff/client/supplier management skills, including the ability to oversee complex stakeholder groups with often diverse objectives and perspectives Ability to work effectively and efficiently in a matrixed (cross-functional) team-oriented environment and manage resources contributing to broader initiatives. An intrinsic curiosity and inquisitiveness about markets, consumers, behaviors and other video entertainment-related businesses Solid computer skills including Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and Excel