The Office of Freight Mobility is seeking self-motivated, detail oriented and team players who will serve as Inspectors, reporting to the Program Manager of Signage and Field Operations. The Office of Freight Mobility is responsible for advancing policies and programs that mitigate the adverse impacts of trucks on infrastructure and communities, while also improving truck delivery efficiency with an overall mission of supporting the City?s economic competitiveness.Key tasks for this position will include but are not limited to engaging in data collection and conducting field investigations and highway transportation studies, including the documentation of existing conditions that ranges from street inventories, truck turning movement count data collection, roadway measurements, and investigations of traffic conditions in/along heavy truck areas/corridors; monitoring of truck activity CCTV Mobile and Permanent cameras including the coordination and deployment of time lapse cameras; preparing field inspection reports using MS Office and in accordance with established standards and procedures; providing recommendations for changes and improvements as needed; supporting the Program Manager in preparing work orders to correct inconsistencies in installation of truck route signs; developing response letters for truck impact concerns from the public. Operation of a passenger car or light duty truck to conduct surveys and travel to inspection locations may be required. The successful candidates must be able to work as part of an interdisciplinary team and perform field inspections and data collection to agency standards and procedures. The candidates will be expected to prepare standard field inspection reports, and effectively communicate observations, and recommendations. The candidates will be asked to work collaboratively and inclusively, seeking to cultivate continued professional development and effectively communicate with all stakeholders. Candidates should possess computer skills as duties may include data entry, using city specific transportation software (AutoCAD, ArcGIS) and the preparation of relevant forms, reports, logs and correspondence. The Office of Freight Mobility is a unit within the Regional & Strategic Planning (R&SP;) sub-division of the Transportation Planning & Management Division. Regional & Strategic Planning plans, develops, assesses and supports innovative strategies, policies and programs for sustainable, safe and efficient transportation system management and operations. R&SP; engages in sub-regional planning, resiliency planning, overall mobility planning, freight mobility planning and implementation, alternative fuels/environmental sustainability programs, as well as strategic policy analyses on priority issues in support of federal, state and municipal goals for safe and efficient movement of people and goods. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college with a major in engineering, urban studies, panning, mathematics or one of the physical sciences; or 2. A high school graduation or its equivalent and 4 years of full-time experience performing technical work on city-wide highway transportation studies and traffic programs; or 3. Education and/or experience equivalent to "1" or "2" above. Preferred Skills The candidates must possess knowledge of the technical aspects of transportation infrastructure and planning; the ability to think and act strategically, and experience analyzing, interpreting, and communicating transportation performance issues and options; strong data analysis, experience using Microsoft Office, experience conducting roadway inspections, experience coordinating with business operators and knowledge of the engineering issues facing NYC streets is highly preferred. A valid Driver?s License is a plus. May be required to drive a passenger car or light truck and flexibility to work various shifts to meet operational deliverables. To Apply All resumes are to be submitted electronically using one of the following methods: External applicants, go to www.nyc.gov/careers and search for Job ID 355445Current city employees, log into Employee Self Service at https://hrb.nycaps.nycnet and follow the Careers link and search for Job ID 355445No phone calls, faxes or personal inquiries permitted.Only those applicants under consideration will be contacted.Most public libraries have computers available for use.Note: New hires must reside in NYC for the first two years of employment. Appointments are subject to OMB approval.For more information about DOT, visit us at: www.nyc.gov/dot.. Hours/Shift 35hrs / 9 - 5 Work Location 55 Water St Ny Ny Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.