Duties Summary Serves as a Management & Program Analyst for the Administrative Services Team, Performance Analysis Team. Learn more about this agency Responsibilities Provides support for a variety of performance/administrative programs, such as timekeeping (e.g, CASTLE), telework, performance management, ethics, Records and Directives. Works with management and specialists to collect and organize performance related data, assist in the development of reports and presentations, and collaborates with others across the nation to complete tasks. Incumbent is the primary focal point for the timekeeping program, responds to inquiries and conducts education/training (e.g., related to policy, timecards, or telework) and supports execution of other programs/projects. Provides analysis around business, program, project, and performance information from both internal and external Service Center Partners, and identifies problems and proposes solution. Works under the limited direction of a team lead/focal or manager, and will perform some program management functions for small projects and programs. Uses a variety of automated data and programs/project management tools to complete work assignments, which may include, but not limited to: Microsoft Office products (e.g., Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Word), SharePoint (KSN), and Visio. Travel Required Occasional travel - The job may require travel from time- to-time, but not on a regular basis. The travel may be for training or other work-related duties. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 11 Requirements Conditions of Employment US Citizenship is required. Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959. Must submit an SF50 (See Required Documents) A recent SF-50 is required (See Required Documents for requirements) Interviews may be conducted. Qualifications To qualify for this position, applicants must have at least 52 weeks of specialized experience at the next lower grade level of FV-F/GS-5/7/9 that equipped the applicant with the necessary knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position. Specialized experience includes: strong problem solving skills, broad knowledge of assessing and analyzing processes and systems, proven ability to perform management studies and conduct program analysis. Applicants should include examples of specialized experience in their work history. Qualifications must be met by the closing date of this vacancy announcement. Please ensure you answer all questions and follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may impact your rating or may result in you not being considered for the job. Education Applicants can qualify based on substituting education for experience. At the FG-11 level, applicants can substitute successful completion of a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree or 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree. Applicants can qualify based on a combination of education and work experience. If you are qualifying based on education, your application must show the number of credit hours completed and any degree(s) earned and you must fax your transcripts. Please see Required Documents section for fax information. To qualify based on education; you MUST upload or fax a copy of transcripts at time of application. The transcript must be received on or before the closing date of the announcement. If selected, official transcripts will be required prior to employment. Schools must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Transcripts can be uploaded via the USAJOBS site with your application, or faxed to 206-231-4150. Be sure to include the Vacancy Announcement on each faxed page. Preview Job Questionnaire Make sure your resume includes detailed information to support your qualifications and answers to the job questionnaire. Additional information We may use this vacancy to fill other similar vacant positions. Position may be subject to a background investigation. A one-year probationary period may be required. The person selected for this position may be required to file a financial disclosure statement within 30 days of entry on duty. FAA policy limits certain outside employment and financial investments in aviation-related companies. Applicants must apply on-line to receive consideration for this vacancy announcement. Faxed, mailed or e-mailed applications cannot be accepted. If you need to submit additional documents to supplement your on-line application, e.g. transcripts, SF-50, or veterans' documentation, you may upload these documents with your application in USAJOBS. Supplemental documentation can also be faxed to (206) 231-4150 on or before the closing date of this announcement. Please include your name and the vacancy announcement number on each of your faxed pages and redact all Personally Identifiable Information (PII), such as social security number and date of birth. As a part of the Federal-Wide Hiring Reform Initiative (streamlining the hiring process), the FAA is committed to eliminating the use of the Knowledge, Skills and Ability (KSA) narratives from the application in the hiring process for all announcements. Therefore, as an applicant for this announcement, you are NOT required to provide a narrative response in the text box listed below each KSA. In lieu of providing a KSA narrative response in the text box listed below each KSA in your work history, please include WORK HISTORY THAT DESCRIBES HOW YOU MEET THE ANSWER YOU CHOSE FOR EACH KSA. Your work history examples should be specific and clearly reflect the highest level of ability. Your KSA answers will be evaluated further to validate whether the level that you selected is appropriate. Your answers may be adjusted by a Human Resource Specialist as appropriate. Eligible applicants meeting the minimum qualification requirements and selective factor(s), if applicable, may be further evaluated on the Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSA); listed in the announcement. Based on this evaluation, applicants will be placed in one of the following categories: score order, category grouping, or alphabetical and referred to the selecting official for consideration. This position is covered by the FAA Core Compensation plan. Additional information about core compensation is available at: https://employees.faa.gov/org/staffoffices/ahr/policy_guidance/hr_policies/hrpm/comp/comp_ref/ This positon is Temporary NTE 2-years, but may be extended, terminated at anytime or made permanent without further competiton. This is a bargaining unit position. Links to Important Information: Locality Pay , COLA Read more How You Will Be Evaluated You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. IMPORTANT: Applicants may be rated on the extent and quality of experience, education, and training relevant to the duties of the position(s). All answers provided in the on-line process must be substantiated. Ensure that your application package/resume supports your responses. Read more Background checks and security clearance Security clearance Public Trust - Background Investigation Drug test required No