Qualifications Required Qualifications: PhD in Environmental Sciences, Environmental Economics or fields with heavy focus on these disciplines Demonstrable practical experience working with geospatial datasets and environmental remote sensing Excellent written and verbal communication skills. You will need to be able to explain yourself and your methods both within IonE, as well at conferences, in academic papers, and with business partners and customers. Experience with data analysis & visualization using Python or R Experience acquiring and manipulating spatial data and knowledge of GIS data Preferred Qualifications: Prior experience with ESG/sustainability data Experience with financial data/analytics and Experience with predictive analytics, and/or machine learning a plus About the Job Our mission is to detect and quantify the impacts of industrial and agricultural practices on climate stability and ecosystem services in near real time on a continuous basis – and attribute the source to the party responsible. To do that, we are expanding our environmental data science team to generate actionable insights from remote sensing via satellite. Current team members come from diverse backgrounds including conservation practice, environmental economics, ecology, operations research, behavioral research, and computer science. Along with our team of environmental researchers and data scientists at IonE, you will work with our commercial partners – including product managers, sales, software engineers and aerospace engineers – to build data-driven products and solutions for the financial markets. Our goals are that you help our team strengthen connections with the remote sensing community within and outside the Institute on the Environment, and specifically that you will also help develop a continuously-processing live data feed and provide scientific (not technical) support for end users of the data (e.g. quantitative financial analysts, financial traders, institutional asset managers). The work is fast-paced, highly iterative, and continuously trading off between what works and what is best. Data analysis typically involves rigorous testing and fact checking at every step of the way. If you enjoy working with data to build products and solve hard real-world environmental problems in creative ways, you will fit right in. This is a Post-Doctoral Associate position and will be for a 12-month period; extension of the appointment will be dependent on availability of funding. For consideration of this position, please submit these materials: CV Cover Letter Sample(s) of professional writing Job Duties Build and maintain geospatial datasets – from multiple sources, updated daily – which spatially and temporally detect where and when harmful practices took place. Automate processes as needed. Acquire, build and maintain datasets for attributing events to the companies responsible. Fact check like an investigative reporter as needed. Quantify emissions’ impacts on climate, ecosystem services and public health; develop normalized risk metrics for comparing practices of one company to another. Conceive of and implement experiments to test hypotheses regarding (statistical) behavior of data/models/products Work with commercial partner to compile, package and deliver data in a manner that is timely and actionable for financial end users Be “on call” to maintain live datafeeds and provide timely pre- and post-sales scientific (not technical) support during business hours for end users Translate product management, engineering, and business constraints and queries into tractable environmental data science questions Iterate rapidly on everything; all of the above happens in a relatively fast- paced “business driven” environment, you must be comfortable with that. Other related duties as assigned About the Department The Institute on the Environment (IonE) seeks to lead the way toward a future in which people and the environment prosper together. IonE is accelerating the transition to this future by supporting breakthrough research across disciplines, developing the next generation of global leaders and building transformative partnerships across the state, region and globe. IonE prides itself on not being academia as usual. At IonE, we go out of our way to collaborate with external partners while bringing different academic fields of expertise together within the University — all with an eye towards being responsive, agile and entrepreneurial in the face of a changing world. How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. If you find any barriers to this application process or have questions about the process, you may contact IonE directly at ione@umn.edu . To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. IonE celebrates diversity and we are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.