Graduation with a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or univiersity with major course work in a field related to the job plus two (2) years of experience. Experience may substitute for education up to four (4) years Licenses or Certifications: As required based on advanced job role Notes to Applicants SCHEDULE AND WORK LOCATION: All new employees are required to attend City of Austin and Austin Public Library training as scheduled, and should arrange their outside schedules to accommodate such training. Although a work location is listed regarding this job posting, the location is subject to change and/or other locations may be added. If you are interested in this job, we encourage you to apply, regardless of the location, because other positions may be filled from this job posting/applicant pool as they become vacant. IMPORTANCE OF JOB APPLICATION: A detailed and complete job application is REQUIRED and helps us to better evaluate your qualifications. In completing your job application, please be sure to provide a COMPLETE employment history regarding any and all relevant work experience that you would like for us to consider. This information will also be used to determine salary in the event that you are selected for this position. You will not be given the opportunity to provide additional work experience once you complete and submit your job application. Furthermore, if selected as the top candidate, you will not be permitted to present additional work experience for salary calculation purposes. NOTE: A cover letter and/or resume will NOT be used to substitute for an incomplete job application; hence, any and all information that you would like for us to consider must be included on your job application. ASSESSMENT Candidates selected to move forward in the hiring process may be required to successfully complete an assessment as part of their interview process. Pay Range $32.47 – $42.10 Commensurate Hours Monday – Friday 9:00 AM – 6:00PM Early Mornings, Evenings, and Weekend work will be required. Job Close Date 08/14/2018 Type of Posting External Department Library Regular/Temporary Regular Grant Funded or Pooled Position Not Applicable Category Technical Location Central Library - 710 W. César Chávez St., 78701 Preferred Qualifications Performs advanced focused architecting, optimizing, implementing, configuring, managing, administering, troubleshooting, maintaining and monitoring of Audio Visual Equipment and IP-based telecommunications. Conceptualizes, designs, and coordinates Library Technology System assets to be used in the production and presentation of Video and Audio for internal and external customers. Determines Video and Audio production equipment needs and makes recommendation for purchases. Sets up and operates Servers, Clients, Software, Video over IP, Lighting, Cameras, Sound Equipment, TV’s, Projectors, Microphones and other Library Technology equipment. Install, manage, repair hardware/software, and support users of Library Server Systems, Audio/Video Equipment, Lighting Equipment, Training Equipment, Cabling, and Learning Labs and Spaces. Duties, Functions and Responsibilities Essential duties and functions, pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, may include the following. Other related duties may be assigned. 1\. Performs advanced focused architecting, optimizing, implementing, configuring, managing, administering, troubleshooting, maintaining and monitoring one or more of the following: infrastructure software, hardware, systems/applications, middleware, servers/storage, and IP-based telecommunications 2\. Establishes and implements IT policies, governance, standards, and security 3\. Makes independent decisions for procurement of technical solutions in their focus area 4\. Creates, documents, publishes, and/or performs maintenance procedures and ensures all installations are in accordance with COA’s specifications and IT standards/governance 5\. Assists in planning, designing, procuring and delivering software and hardware purchases. 6\. Ensures appropriate product specifications 7\. Provides costs analysis 8\. Installs new specific software releases and/or upgrades including researching, testing and implementing new technology 9\. Participates in disaster recovery planning and testing, including fault tolerance and detailed disaster recovery plan maintenance 10\. Communicates and interfaces with members of the IT, vendor and user communities Responsibilities \- Supervision and/or Leadership Exercised: Provides technical or project leadership, training and guidance to others May provide leadership on work assignments Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Must possess required knowledge, skills, abilities and experience and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Knowledge of infrastructure technologies Knowledge of application and/or operating systems Skill in mentoring and monitoring daily work activities of others Skill in documenting and maintaining complex application and process or configuration information Skill in providing day-to-day system/application administration and/or system/application administration in support in a variety of work environments Skill in installing and maintaining applications, operating systems, or equipment Skill in identifying complex problems and reviewing related information to develop and evaluate options and to implement solutions Skill in selecting and using training/instructional methods and procedures appropriate for the situation when learning or teaching new concepts Ability to use logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems The ability to view the big picture when involved in a project and make decisions The ability to quickly become familiar with emerging technologies. Does this job require a criminal background investigation? This position requires a criminal background investigation EEO/ADA City of Austin is committed to compliance with the American Disabilities Act. If you require reasonable accommodation during the application process or have a question regarding an essential job function, please call (512) 974-3210 or TTY (512) 974-2445. Information For City Employees: If you are an employee within the department, are in good standing and meet both the minimum and preferred qualifications, then you will receive an initial interview.