Lumosity is an online brain training program with over 85 million users and 4.4 billion games played. We aim to help members worldwide to unlock their full potential, feel more confident and live their best lives. Lumos Labs is located in the SoMa area of San Francisco. Lumosity is starting the journey to bring modern mindfulness practices to our audience of millions. We’re integrating the best of traditional teachings, modern science, and engaging design to create compelling experiences that inspire real practice and learning. The project is young and the team is small - this is a great opportunity to help shape what we build. We’re making new standalone applications and want to iterate and prototype quickly using off the shelf technologies. These applications will eventually fold into our shared platform. You are a curious and motivated full stack or backend engineer that wants to solve challenging problems of scale, payments, and developer productivity. You have the ability to quickly learn technology stacks and identify areas to improve the end user’s experience. YOU WANT To work collaboratively with talented people To work closely with client developers and solve problems picking the right tools for the job at hand. To improve yourself as an engineer To work on the business systems and services of a system that will grow and scale YOU WILL Write clean, backend code Work on prototyping systems in Firebase, AWS and interfacing with Ruby/Rails Build systems that are simple and scale well Proactively identify areas for improvement in the software and products YOU HAVE Worked on a high-performance, consumer-facing website for at least 4+ years (or equivalent experience) Experience with using distributed systems BA/BS in Computer Science or related field Command of an modern programming language: Ruby, Python, Java, Go, etc WE OFFER A collaborative culture where growth from within is encouraged Regular creative learning sessions, skill shares, forums, guest speakers, and workshops Continuous learning budget for conferences, professional and skill development Competitive benefits (options for individual and/or family medical, dental and vision plans, commuter benefits, parental leave, One Medical membership and much more!) Flexible time off Gym and cell phone reimbursement Catered lunch 4 times a week, fully stocked kitchen & snacks, and dinner when you work late Fun social events such as board game nights, work anniversary celebration, weekly happy hours, and quarterly company-wide events Team lunches and off-sites (past excursions include creative retreats, cooking classes, escape rooms, and terrarium building) We recognize family is important, we host a Bring Your Child to Work Day as well as other kid-friendly offsite events We empower employees to give back to our community and our CSR team hosts volunteer events year round