Tracerco originated in 1958 as a small research team within Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI) in Billingham, Teesside, UK. From its beginnings, Tracerco has continued to expand its product range and geographical reach, responding to customers' needs and market opportunities. Today, Tracerco is a subsidiary of Johnson Matthey , a FTSE Company with an annual turnover of over £4 billion, and is a world leader in its field. A truly international business in its own right, Tracerco delivers a range of process diagnostic services to the global oil, gas, and process industries. Its innovative range of products and services are invaluable to ensure full optimization and efficiency of its customer's assets across the oil, gas and petrochemical industry. Our products and services include: radiation monitors, nucleonic instrumentation, process diagnostics, subsea technologies, reservoir characterization, radiation protection, analytical services and product assurance. Formed over 50 years ago, Tracerco has established a strong reputation for customer service across its international client base. With a number of highly trained and experienced personnel around the globe, Tracerco is focused on adding value throughout the whole hydrocarbon chain - from reservoir optimization through to fuel brand protection solutions. Our portfolio of products and services allow customers to increase production rates, lower production costs and increase companies' environmental compliance. The recruitment and development of high caliber people is vital to Tracerco's future, and as a result of continual growth we are looking to employ talented individuals into the Tracerco team. The Tracerco line of business, within Johnson Matthey, is renowned for its expert local delivery and excellent customer service. With over 30 operational offices and 400 people across the world, together with a network of agents and service partners we deliver our products and services to our customers anywhere in the world, whilst still retaining the important aspect of local service, which our customers value. Repeat business from existing customers provides a strong indication that we are providing the right products and services, at the right price with the correct level of customer service and support. We are currently looking for a self-motivated individual interested in becoming part of a dynamic customer-led organization as a Logistics Coordinator at our Pasadena, TX site in the United States. JOB PURPOSE: Reporting to the Service Delivery Manager - North America, the Logistics Coordinator shall maintain, make ready and dispatch all necessary equipment and consumables required to accomplish a specific scope of either process diagnostics or specialist measurements field project work across the North America region and, on an ad-hoc basis, globally. The job holder will be responsible for ensuring that all equipment is in good working order and readily available to meet individual job requirements; repairing, replacing and maintaining equipment as and when necessary; selecting and preparing consumables and equipment to meet individual project needs under the direction of others within the operations managemernt team, and arranging international and domestic shipping of equipment and products, including dangerous goods as needed. A significant portion of the activities in this position represents Tracerco by direct interaction with project management and operational staff to ensure that each project scope can be met. MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES: Following the direction of maagement and other designated staff, select specific consumables and equipment to meet specific project requirements and prepare for shipment. Securely package and load materials onto vehicles for delivery to various projects sites. Prepare all necessary labels, packaging and paperwork in order to safely transport materials and equipment some of which may be dangerous goods. Manage receipt of materials and pull samples for quality verifications or inventory audits. Handle returned consumables to ensure accurate stock levels are known. Oversee consumable storage, both onsite and offsite, and arrange deliveries between offsite, onsite, project sites and other Tracerco operational facilities. Prepare consumables in suitable forms as and when necessary to meet specific field project needs. Identify, establish and maintain relationships with transport couriers, etc. Ensure warehouse is clean, organized, secure and safe at all times. REQUIRED SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Post High School education such as some College education, an Associate’s degree level qualification or Certification in Industrial, Technical or Electronics related fields is preferred. 2 - 3 years of experience in warehousing, technical or industrial related field. Forklift truck training is preferred. Training in dangerous goods shipment by air, land and sea is a plus. Computer literate (Word, Excel, Outlook). Safety conscious attitude. Proven technical and mechanical aptitude. Solid work history. Must be customer focused. Accurate attention to detail. Self-motivated and able to work independently. Must be extremely reliable. Impecable organizational and time management skills. Must be highly efficient and be able to work in a fast paced environment. Good communicaiton skills. Must be a team player.