BE a Game Changer. BE enterprising. BE Entrepreneurial. Be all that and more at Colliers International. Join our team as Executive Administrator in Philadelphia. At Colliers International, we help leaders succeed by helping them build amazing workplaces, businesses and communities around the world. We do this by thinking differently, sharing innovative ideas and offering a unique and collaborative workplace where you can succeed. Who you are You are a big-picture visionary professional, who is seeking to provide executive support to the CEO. You are motivated and driven by the success of the company. You are a highly effective entrepreneur. You are career-focused, proactive, mission-driven, and results-driven with strong organizational skills. You can work under pressure to handle a wide variety of activities and confidential matters. You are deadline driven with a sense of urgency, and highly organized, detailed with the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. What you bring Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience. 3+ years’ experience supporting a high-ranking Executive with Commercial Real Estate experience. An excellent command of writing, grammar, punctuation and plain-English principles. High levels of confidentiality, tact and diplomacy a must. Flexibility with working hours a must. Action oriented and enjoys working hard; is goal oriented, energetic and willing to take on challenging assignments; seizes personal development opportunities. Dedicated to meeting the expectations and requirements of internal and external customers; acts with customer in mind and is able to adapt to various personality types; establishes and maintains effective relationships with customers and gains their trust and respect. Can marshal resources (people, material and support) to get things done; can orchestrate multiple activities at once to accomplish a goal; uses resources effectively and efficiently; arranges information and files it in a useful manner. Pursues everything with energy, drive and a need to finish; seldom gives up before finishing; especially in the face of resistance or setbacks. Spends time on what’s important; quickly zeros in on the critical few and puts the trivial many aside; can quickly sense what will help or hinder accomplishing a goal; eliminates roadblocks; creates focus. Bonus skills and experience Strong ability to be resourceful and resolve issues quickly. Advanced technical and computer skills, including high proficiency in Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, PowerPoint and Excel). The ability to deliver excellent customer service at all levels of the organization through clear and concise oral/written communication. Ability to meet deadlines without compromising accuracy, excellent product quality and attention to detail. What success looks like You are motivated and driven to solve technical issues. Professional appearance and demeanor with effective communication skills and phone etiquette. Excellent customer service skills. What responsibilities of this role looks like Provides project coordination and support of office projects – from inception to completion. Provides administrative support to high-level Senior Executive: composes and types correspondences, memos and creates various charts, tables, graphs and presentation materials. Edits copy for spelling, grammar and layout. Maintains calendar and contacts. Coordinates meetings, develops meeting agendas, takes and distributes minutes. Tracks action items. Assist in identifying, communicating and following up on directives and goals to management and brokerage teams. Researches and compiles data and information for various projects. Coordinates communications, schedules and information flow between departments. Organizes and maintains filing systems. Responds to phone call and written requests for information. Researches issues and gathers information. Database management and maintenance. Other duties as assigned by broker and/or manager. BE who you are and what you want to be with Colliers International. We’d love to meet you. Apply today to join our team. Direct applicants only please, no agencies. _Colliers International provides equal employment opportunity to all persons. No employee or applicant for employment will be discriminated against because of race, creed, origin, marital status, sexual orientation, age, otherwise qualified disabled or veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law._