Req ID: 17858 Shift: Days Employment Status: AF - Active - Regular - Full Time Job Summary The data analyst is passionate about healthcare delivery in a patient care setting. A successful candidate is articulate, analytical, and a team player who understands the power of data in clinical settings. The analyst enjoys coordinating with interdisciplinary teams to create end to end solutions for quality improvement. S/he learns quickly, works independently, and is relentless in overcoming technical, process, and organizational obstacles. The analyst will join the Clinical Data and Analytics team and will be responsible for empowering users with data across the institution, providing a unique blend of clinical, technical, and analytical expertise. The team works with multiple groups within the organization to improve clinical quality, improve patient safety and streamline operations. The team combines clinical process knowledge with technology to empower decision makers and believes that analytics and data can improve outcomes, optimize processes, and reduce costs. The team is looking for creative problem solvers who are excited about joining a growing, collaborative team with a big impact. The data analyst will function as an internal consultant for quality improvement projects. The individual will need to build relationships with key stakeholders, be an expert in multiple data sources, and implement sustainable solutions. Job Responsibilities Individual Contributor Work with clinical teams and business stakeholders on quality improvement projects: gathering requirements, developing metrics, retrieving data, and ensuring validity of results Independently contribute to projects and data requests from beginning to end Create innovative and appropriate data solutions and data analysis for the measurement of clinical processes and outcomes Collaborate with team members and others across the organization Job Responsibilities (Continued) Job Responsibilities (Continued) Required Licenses, Certifications, Registrations Required Education and Experience Master’s degree in biostatistics, epidemiology, health services research, economics, quantitative science or related discipline OR Bachelor’s degree in technical field and one year of experience in analytics Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic Additional Technical Requirements Experience in at least one computer programming language or analytical programming language (SAS, R, etc) All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer). Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 866-820-9288 Email: TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu