The position of an ISS Infrastructure Architect – Server and EndPoint Systems in ITS at Hamline University is an advanced technical position responsible for managing the enterprise-wide desktop and Windows server computing environment. This position encompasses multiple roles and responsibilities as described below. All assume a thorough understanding of the ethic of customer service and a willingness to approach tasks enthusiastically and pro-actively and in the spirit of team collaboration with relevant members of the ITS department. This position reports to the Director of Infrastructure Systems & Services. Representative Duties and Responsibilities Primary Job Functions – Server Administration: Architect, maintain, and monitor Windows Server related solutions for various project and operational needs Install and harden OS Apply security and recommended patches on a regularly scheduled basis Perform troubleshooting of system performance working directly with other ITS staff to resolve issues Automate system administration tasks where possible Create and maintains technical documentation and procedures for Systems Administration support Analyze and coordinate system outages and interruptions Manage and maintain Windows Servers on University LAN Work with the appropriate constituents to install, configure, and update applications Evaluate new software Perform hardware and software upgrades Keep operating systems, applications, and antivirus software up to date Manage backups, and monitor audit logs Architect, monitor, and maintain Active Directory environment, including Group Policy Provide Tier-3 support for help desk personnel Provide after hours upgrades, support, and problem resolution when necessary Primary Job Functions – Endpoint Administration: Architect solutions for supporting, deploying, and managing computer workstations on supported Hamline platforms, including Apple (OSX and iOS), Windows, and Chrome OS Architect, maintain, and monitor Enterprise Software Distribution system (SCCM) Troubleshoot advanced operating systems and application issues on campus workstations and servers Architect, maintain, and monitor campus printing/scanning system, including cost accounting Troubleshoot advanced MDM integration and OS issues with supported mobile devices Provide Tier-3 support and advanced troubleshooting for supported systems and services Secondary Job Functions: Provide backup support for other services within Infrastructure Systems & Services, including: Apple systems administration Manage OS image for desktop workstations Architect, maintain, and monitor OS updates and patch management Architect, maintain, and monitor campus applications Evaluate and identify workstation hardware for Hamline’s Tech Select program, and build deployment processes to support that hardware Manage Mobile Device Management system, policies, and procedures Cisco networking and wireless support VMware Vsphere administration Netapp SAN/NAS administration Required Knowledge, Skills and abilities Proficiency with the following: Fundamental understanding of administering Windows in an enterprise or education environment Knowledge of Windows management tools such as SCCM or equivalent Familiarity with directory services such as Active Directory or LDAP Powershell scripting Windows and Active Directory performance tuning VMware VSphere virtual machines Skilled troubleshooting Experience with the following: Windows Server and Active Directory Administration OS imaging and patching in an Enterprise environment Application packaging and deployment DNS, LDAP Network file systems including CIFS Ethernet and TCP/IP Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to communicate effectively with customers (faculty, staff, or students) or management who may have differing levels of technical understanding. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with department personnel, managers, university faculty and staff, and external vendors. Ability to prioritize and organize a variety of responsibilities. Minimum Education/Experience Must have 5-8 years of hands-on experience College degree preferred or possession of a combination of industry certifications and experience. Preferred Education/Experience Five (5) to eight (8) years progressive experience. College degree or combination of industry certifications and experience. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Proven ability to communicate effectively with customers (faculty, staff, or students) or management who may have differing levels of technical understanding. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with department personnel, managers, university faculty, staff, and external vendors. Ability to prioritize and organize a variety of responsibilities. Required Licensure/Certification/Registration Use of computer workstation for significant periods of time. Willingness to work evenings and weekends (on call) hours when necessary. This is a full time, 1.0 FTE, exempt position, 12 months a year. Posting Detail Information Open Date 06/07/2018 Close Date Open Until Filled Yes