Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description We are the Good Hands; we help people realize their hopes and dreams through products and services designed to protect them from life’s uncertainties and to prepare them for the future. Nearly every major Allstate project has a partnership with technology – a partnership that is imperative to the success of the organization. With the company’s size and related technology scale, job opportunities and career advancement paths in IT are abundant at Allstate. In order to maintain our place at the forefront of the technological landscape, Allstate needs to hire the best and the brightest talent – is that you? The Role Allstate is looking for top engineers to help build next generation data analytic and big data platforms and software solutions. The Big Data Engineer position works in an agile environment interacting with multiple technology and business areas designing and developing next generation analytics platforms and applications. The Engineer is responsible for the strategy and design of complex projects as well as coding, and also supports project planning and mentoring. Effective communication is important as this individual will be interfacing with different areas including business clients, technology, architecture and infrastructure services. Job Qualifications Primary skills : Proven track record with Hadoop administration Administration experience on Hadoop, HDFS, YARN, Spark, Sentry/Ranger, HBase and Zookeeper Design, install, and maintain big data analytics platforms (on-prem/cloud) including design, security, capacity planning, cluster setup and performance tuning. Deep understanding of distributed Hadoop ecosystem, networking connectivity and IO throughput along with other factors that affect distributed system performance Expert in configuring & troubleshooting of all the components in the Hadoop ecosystem like MapReduce, YARN, Pig, Hive, HBase, Sqoop, Flume, Zookeeper, Oozie (understanding of all these) Experience in installing/configuring cluster monitoring tools like Cloudera Manager/Ambari, Ganglia, or Nagios. (one of these) Hands-on experience with scripting with bash, perl, ruby, or python (one of these) Working knowledge of hardening Hadoop with Kerberos, TLS,SSL and HDFS encryption. Working knowledge on Jenkins, git, AWS. Good understanding on automation tools (e.g., Puppet, Ansible) Secondary: Manage public and private cloud infrastructure. Expert in configuring & troubleshooting of all the components in the Hadoop ecosystem Spark, Solr, Scala, Kafka etc. Working closely with the various teams - data science, database, network, BI and application teams to make sure that all the big data applications are highly available and performing as expected Working knowledge on Jenkins, git, AWS. Shift-Timing:1st Shift US The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.