Job Summary: The primary duties of the Administrative Assistant are to maintain records, create reports and do general office functions for their various departments within a warehouse environment. Duties and Responsibilities: Input data into various databases, spreadsheets or other documents needed by various departments including human resources, operations, safety, payroll and accounts payable. Occasionally create spreadsheets to carry out functions of jobs. Filing and maintaining records for department. Creating and/or maintaining reports on daily, weekly, monthly or yearly basis as necessary. May attend meetings to keep records and minutes and prepare materials beforehand. Must be discreet and able to maintain confidentiality. May be required to learn duties of other positions in order to provide backup for extended absences as necessary. Other general office duties as assigned by Manager as they become necessary. Qualifications: Knowledge, Skills and abilities: Good working knowledge of English grammar, punctuation, spelling and style. Strong math skills. Exceptional communication skills. Should be able to accurately proofread and pay special attention to detail. Must have good knowledge of computers and ability to learn job specific software. Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Outlook are specifically used. Should be proficient in creating spreadsheets to include formulas as necessary. Ability to accurately type 50wpm or more. May use adding machine or 10-key data entry. Must be able to operate general office equipment such as: copier, fax, scanner, laminator, and printer. Needs to be exceptionally organized and have knowledge of efficient office procedures. May be necessary to answer telephone and greet public in a friendly and courteous manner, take messages and transfer calls as appropriate. Must be able to multi-task and take direction from various department heads. High School diploma required. Associates or equivalent experience preferred. Willingness to travel as necessary, work the required schedule, work at the specific location required, complete Penske employment application, submit to a background investigation (to include past employment, education, and criminal history) and drug screening are required. Physical requirements and working conditions: Sitting for extensive periods of time. Manual dexterity to manipulate tools of job. Sitting for extensive periods of time. Manual dexterity to manipulate tools of job. Physical Requirements: The physical and mental demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The associate will be required to: read; communicate verbally and/or in written form; remember and analyze certain information; and remember and understand certain instructions or guidelines. While performing the duties of this job, the associate may be required to stand, walk, and sit. The associate is frequently required to use hands to touch, handle, and feel, and to reach with hands and arms. The associate must be able to occasionally lift and/or move up to 25lbs/12kg. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus. Penske is an Equal Opportunity Employer. About Penske Truck Leasing Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P., headquartered in Reading, Pennsylvania, is a partnership of Penske Corporation, Penske Automotive Group, and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. A leading global transportation services provider, Penske operates more than 260,000 vehicles, employs more than 29,000 people, and serves customers from more than 1,000 locations in North America, South America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. Product lines include full-service truck leasing, contract maintenance, commercial and consumer truck rentals, used truck sales, transportation and warehousing management and supply chain management solutions. Visit http://www.GoPenske.com to learn more. Work Locations: 15520 Wayne Rd Romulus, MI Primary Location: United States-Michigan-Romulus Job: Administrative Req ID: 1808710