Job Responsibilities Specific needs will that the role requires some level of I&D; (BI) experience and SAFe experience. Need experience in managing complex large projects. Manage projects with top-down oversight throughout entire execution to ensure success as defined by adherence to standards of scope, budget, and timeline. Key role in conducting Client Management / Communication with client and Capgemini leadership Develop comprehensive project plans utilizing Agile principles that merge customer requirements with company goals and coordinate various managers and technical personnel during all project phases, from initial development through implementation. Monitor project progress continuously and make detailed scheduled reports on measurable items, such as milestones and deliverables. Communicate proactively with all involved personnel to provide encouragement, identify problems, create solutions, and implement efficiency improvements. Review proposed modifications on project plans, including meeting with interested parties to approve and implement beneficial changes. Oversee acquisition of resources and materials as needed before and during projects by talking with customers, team members and stake holders. Oversee compliance of Project Controls i.e. Scope, Deliverables, Change, issues, Risks, Financials, etc. Anticipate details of future projects by communicating directly with customers and staying informed of relevant trends and industry news. Job Skills & Qualifications Required: Bachelor's degree in engineering, computer science or related field, or equivalent work experience Extensive leadership experience and strong teaming abilities Experience in managing multiple data projects and portfolio Excellent problem-solving skills Strong Client, Communication, and Resource Management Minimum ten years management experience in the IT field, including development work and interactions with customers Minimum five years of experience in managing data project. Experience in managing projects with distributed teams. I&D; (BI) experience Agile Certification (SAFe methodology preferred) Experience in managing complex large projects EM Certified Preferred: PMP certified Either Finance, Sales or Supply Chain domain knowledge Experience: Project Management: 15 years Minimum Education: Bachelor's Candidates should be flexible / willing to work across this delivery landscape which includes and not limited to Agile Applications Development, Support and Deployment. Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini. Qualifications Project Managers take full responsibility for managing a project or program. They normally manage a number of related streams or activities to achieve a desired business result, planned profitability levels, quality standards and highest-level client satisfaction. Project Managers are responsible for the project plan, budget, structure, schedule and staffing requirements for the delivery organization. A Project Manager usually has technical expertise in one or more other domains (e.g. a Project Manager with testing skills could perform a test manager function). Required Skills and Experience: You are responsible for leading either a large project or a definable segment of a very large and complex project. Clients may be external or internal. You are responsible for the translation of the client's complex business requirements into formal agreements. For these, you establish specific solutions, applications or processes which ultimately culminate in customer acceptance of the results. This includes working with client team members and executives to identify business requirements and subsequently working with, and leading others, in the initiating, planning, controlling, executing and closing the client's solution. You are responsible for a wide range of process activities beginning with the request for proposal through development, and final delivery. Qualification: Bachelor's Degree Certification: Manages engagements with complexity on EM level 1 or higher. Is, if possible, certified on this level. Should be experienced in Negotiation, Vendor Management, Risk Management, Project Financials, KPI & Reporting Should have progression skills in Quality Management Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant: http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law About Capgemini A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 200,000 team members in over 40 countries. The Group reported 2017 global revenues of EUR 12.8 billion (about $14.4 billion USD at 2017 average rate). Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.