At CDM Smith, we make the world a better place. We design facilities that provide clean drinking water for communities throughout the world. We design facilities that treat wastewater and improve the quality of water in our lakes, rivers and harbors. We help major cities plan and implement transit projects. As an Architect 3 at CDM Smith you will have the opportunity to grow your career as part of a collaborative multidisciplinary team of technical experts working on challenging projects in Environment, Industry, Transportation, and Water. The Architect 3 will have the following responsibilities: Participate in the planning and formulation of building design. Prepare and produce design presentation materials. Research applicable planning, zoning, and building codes and regulations. Coordinate building design development with architectural and engineering staff. Collect background information and documentation including “as-built” data and field survey work, as necessary. Prepare and produce construction contract documents, Participate in selection of construction materials, technologies and methodologies for detailing and specifications. Participate in client meetings as part of the technical review process. Participate in review of technical submittals for projects under construction. Minimum Qualifications Professional degree in Architecture from a program accredited by the National Architectural Accreditation Board (NAAB), minimum Bachelor of Architecture (5 year degree) or Master of Architecture. Four years related experience under the direct supervision of a registered Architect. Architectural Experience Program (AXP) open with the National Council of Architectural Registration Boards (NCARB) Proficiency with Revit and AutoCAD is required. Competency with modeling and rendering software programs and Sketchup is desired. Competency with construction materials, technologies and methodologies. Competency with basic business office software (Word, Excel, etc.) Competency with writing and interpersonal skills.