What you’ll be doing... You’ll be helping us bring the best possible experiences to our customers by assisting us to identify what they like, and create personalized recommendations for them based on what we’ve learned. Using your analytics expertise, you’ll aid us in figuring out how to get the most accurate information and insights from all kinds of data that tell us what consumers are clicking on, listening to and watching...so we know where to focus. By creatively using data to understand our customer behavior, you will help us to better personalize and enhance their entertainment experience. Partnering with others across the business to build prototypes and new approaches for capturing data and analyzing consumer behavior. Designing experiments to confirm our assumptions and answer our questions. Consulting with cross-functional stakeholders and senior leaders on insights, trends, and data-driven recommendations and solutions. Finding ways to simplify activities by creating libraries, utilities and code. Supporting the development and delivery of Verizon’s AI operational strategy for Wireless business enablement. This will include working with key stakeholders/leaders across the business and executing measurable AI-based solutions to meet and exceed those goals. Driving delivery of our data science and AI capabilities. Delivering innovative solutions to solve for business optimization challenges, including customer personalization and rep optimization. Performing complex analysis, and interpreting and communicating the results of experiments to the business units. Manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources. Being integral in transforming the way that data is integrated and leveraged to drive the business. Presenting findings and sharing insights with multiple business leaders throughout the organization. Executing on implementation of process improvements, analytical frameworks and continually striving to improve overall contributions to the department, evaluating and modifying statistical methodologies, techniques and processes. Ensuring successful project delivery (supporting Clarity, Jira) and execution within project teams. What we’re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. Four or more years of relevant work experience. Even better if you have: Master’s degree. Experience working with Scala or Java, Python, R or MatLab, and SQL. Experience working with applied statistics including regression models. Experience in Data Warehousing and Teradata SQL. Experience working with NLU/NLP engines such as Watson, API.AI, and/or Nuance systems. Hands on experience with machine learning techniques (supervised, unsupervised, re-enforced). Extensive experience in Digital and Cross Channel Analytics using Discovery and Data Science. Experience defining and executing an IT strategy linked to a complex business strategy. Ability to perform detailed analysis of the analytical assets and identify opportunities for enablement across the enterprise. Knowledge of technology, applications, industry standards and best practices. Analyzed data to uncover business insights. Knowledge/experience in distributive computing tools (Spark, Hive). When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better.