Overview NYIT (New York Institute of Technology) offers 90 degree programs, including undergraduate, graduate, and professional degrees, in more than 50 fields of study, including architecture and design; arts and sciences; education; engineering and computing sciences; health professions; management; and osteopathic medicine. A non-profit independent, private institution of higher education, NYIT has 9,000 students at campuses in New York City (Manhattan) and Long Island (Old Westbury) in New York; Jonesboro, Arkansas; Vancouver, British Columbia; and in various programs around the world. NYIT sponsors 13 NCAA Division II programs. NYIT is guided by its mission to provide career-oriented professional education, offer access to opportunity to all qualified students, and support applications-oriented research that benefits the larger world. More than 100,000 graduates have received degrees from NYIT. For more information, visit nyit.edu. NYIT’s College of Osteopathic Medicine seeks a Senior Classroom Technology and Integration Specialist located at the Old Westbury campus. Responsibilities Design & develop training materials. Support classroom technologies and conceptualize integrations and hardware that will help support the College of Osteopathic Medicine. Propose and plan future ideas and concepts to help improve classroom teaching and learning. Research new technology & implementation. Train students, faculty & staff on the use of current classroom technologies. Develop and propel ideas to help improve current media workflows and room management. Integrate new media technologies into an academic setting to help students learn better with hardware such as iPads and mobile devices. Improve current streaming technologies and delivery services to College of Osteopathic Medicine students. Provide technical support for Academic and Media Technologies. Attend industry conferences to help enhance the medical schools role in technology and content creation. Maintain NYITCOM Audio Video components and equipment on the Old Westbury campus. Perform other duties as assigned. Qualifications A Bachelor’s degree and experience in A/V Integration and Classroom Support is required. Must have excellent writing, editing, and oral communication skills; needs to be flexible and highly organized with great attention to detail and have confidence in decision making skills . Must have knowledge of AV systems, controls, amplifiers, etc., and of Extron controlled systems in classroom/event environments. Knowledge in computers and computer software and their integration with AV systems is required. Must have ability to support live AV speaking/presentation events and able to effectively work independently and as a team member. Knowledge of common desktop applications. Ability to maintain and support PC troubleshooting. _Please submit cover letter & resume for consideration_ _EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability_