Job Code 383557 Technical/User Support Duties & Responsibilities HKS is looking for a Audio/Visual Systems Administrator to join our Information Technology Department. As a key member of the Media Services Team, the successful candidate will be responsible for the maintenance and operations of our AV platforms and assist the Media Services Manager in designing and implementing new solutions. The AV Platforms Administrator will be responsible for ensuring the uptime, performance, and security of the managed systems to meet the business needs of the Kennedy School. Proactively maintain and operate critical AV systems, including lecture capture, media management, publishing, video conferencing, and digital signage. Partner with Media Services and IT Support Teams to provide Tier 3 support. Collaborate with Educational Technology, Vendors, and 3rd party consultants to implement, upgrade, or repair systems. Work closely with the IT Operations Team to ensure AV systems integrate into a highly segmented network. Follow best practices related to security of devices and permissions. Assist Media Services Manager in scheduling and budgeting system upgrades. Program and maintain video encoding workflows. Document system configurations and contribute to the development of end-user documentation. Actively seek to resolve customer support issues in a timely and constructive manner. Manage the scheduling of lecture capture recordings. Other duties as necessary. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree required plus at least 3 years of AV experience within a diverse user community. At least 1 year providing tier 2/3 end user support. Additional Qualifications Highly self-motivated and self-directed in the pursuit of excellence. Strong maturity, professionalism, and judgment. Meticulous attention to detail and organization. Openly embraces change. Proven troubleshooting skills including independent problem solving; self-directed, self-starting. Strong understanding of computer networking. Knowledge of AV monitoring, reporting, and support – preferable with Crestron Fusion Prior experience with encoding and workflow automation, preferable with Telestream Vantage and Lightspeed. Ability to explain technical concepts to a non-technical user base Strong understanding of lecture capture, media management, and publishing – preferable with Mediasites and Kaltura Network broadcast or live event experience preferred. Additional Information There is a strong internal candidate for this position. Harvard University requires pre-employment reference and background checks. Harvard University is committed to supporting a healthy, sustainable learning and working environment. Job Function Information Technology Sub-Unit \- Location USA - MA - Cambridge Department Information Technology Time Status Full-time Union 00 - Non Union, Exempt or Temporary Salary Grade 057 Pre-Employment Screening Education, Identity EEO Statement We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.