Overview Fuel your intellectual curiosity and professional growth. Forrester is an idea company, where smart, motivated, curious people bring a diversity of opinions and the courage of their convictions to collaborate on ideas that change the course of business. Most of all, bring a point of view; here, every voice has value. At Forrester, you’ll work with innovative clients at emerging and established brands; these are the business and technology leaders we inspire and who inspire us. The Forrester experience is built on a singular, powerful purpose: to challenge thinking and lead change. About This Role: The Analytics Client Manager provides structured and personalized service for clients of Forrester’s consumer data offering, which provides insights to technology and business decision makers regarding the ways in which technology has an impact on consumers’ attitudes, behaviors, and motivations. The Analytics Client Manager acts as a strategic research partner for a set of clients and builds strong client relationships by aligning insights from Forrester’s consumer data to our clients’ strategic initiatives and tactical business questions. The Analytics Client Manager is responsible for meeting clients’ requests as well as proactively working to build and execute on a data engagement strategy that generates measurable results and helps retain and grow Forrester’s data relationship with the client. The successful candidate has expertise in working with clients as well as data, can extract client-specific relevance from data, and has the skills to create compelling data presentations by drawing from Forrester’s portfolio of global surveys. The candidate should have a functional knowledge of data analytics models and statistical methods and how to use quantitative analyses to help clients understand consumer trends. He/she should have enthusiasm to learn Forrester’s thought leadership around technology trends and an ability to communicate and articulate the value proposition of Forrester’s analytical offerings and its frameworks. Through this role, the Analytics Client Manager will expand his/her knowledge of data analytics, client management, quantitative research and data collection, marketing practices, and consumer trends. Responsibilities Manage a portfolio of data client relationships to support renewals and revenue under management. Respond to client requests for specific data segmentations, analytics, and insights — and help clients apply those insights and concepts to their business initiatives. Implement a 12-month engagement strategy and work with analysts, consulting, and delivery teams to execute on plans related to Forrester’s consumer data offerings. Provide proactive and professional relationship management to clients, including participating in account planning/strategy alignment, sales renewals, and face-to-face client meetings. Identify opportunities to grow Forrester’s data relationship with the client through intelligent questioning and understanding of clients’ business goals. Consistently manage client expectations, ensure delivery of the highest quality service, and solicit and act on client feedback. Provide input to product deliverables, survey content, and development teams on client/market requirements and gaps in Forrester’s current coverage versus client needs. Qualifications A strong quantitative and analytical aptitude, with the ability to extract significance and insight from data, and experience linking data deliverables to business goals An ability to interact with clients of all levels and industry backgrounds, with confidence and credibility A firm understanding of client engagement processes and methodologies Superior communication skills as well as a proven ability to develop well-written documents and presentations Three to five years of related experience in market research, marketing, data analytics, or client management roles, preferably with research firms or interactive agencies The ability to travel at least once per quarter to client sites in the US A B.A. or B.S. degree with a strong academic record Experience with financial services or healthcare companies is a plus. FLSA Status: Exempt Forrester Research, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to equal employment opportunity for all qualified individuals without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, genetic information, military service, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law. Minorities, Women, Individuals with Disabilities, and Veterans are especially encouraged to apply.