Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leader in digital services with pro forma annual revenue of circa € 12 billion and circa 100,000 employees in 72 countries. Serving a global client base, the Group provides Consulting & Systems Integration services, Managed Services & BPO, Cloud operations, Big Data & Cyber-security solutions, as well as transactional services through Worldline, the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry. With its deep technology expertise and industry knowledge, the Group works with clients across different business sectors: Defense, Financial Services, Health, Manufacturing, Media, Utilities, Public sector, Retail, Telecommunications, and Transportation. Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. The Group is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and is listed on the Euronext Paris market. Atos operates under the brands Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. The Helpdesk Agent is responsible for providing high quality customer service and technical support to all foundation IT users. In this role, you will: Provide excellent customer service, via phone and in person, concerning all aspects of technology provided by the IT department. Record all customer contacts, questions, and problems in the ticketing system including impact and priority. Record problem symptoms and status information in a timely fashion, and communicate internally within the IT department and externally with the customer through resolution. Conduct front line problem determination using documented procedures and available tools. Act as customer advocate/liaison with other supporting staff. Initiate escalation as appropriate to ensure management awareness of problems that are severe in nature or that are exceeding documented targets. Document trouble tickets as escalated by Tier 1 support. Provide status to customers of assigned tickets. Install and configure Laptop & Mobile hardware and software in accordance with published policies . Perform asset management activities of tracking software licenses and desktop usage. Deployment and recovery of computer and peripheral equipment. Provide technical project support as necessary. Job Requirements Service Desk, Call Center, IT Help Desk Experience Required (Minimum 6 months to 1 year) Candidates must have clear and effective verbal & written communication skills Excellent Customer Service Experience Required Excellent follow through and attention to detail. Experience with Telephone and Ticketing Systems Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Knowledge of Microsoft Windows 7 or higher. Knowledge of Microsoft Office 2016 and/or Office 365 Knowledge of PC Hardware Systems and mobile/smart devices Your Application If you wish to apply for this position, please click below to complete our online application form and attach your CV in either Word, rtf or text format. Atos does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, sex, age, disability or sexual orientation. All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and relevant business requirements. We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to the applications process for people with disabilities.