OVERVIEW AND RESPONSIBILITIES ANNOUNCEMENT OF OPEN AND COMPETITIVE EXAMINATION SUPPLY SERVICES SPECIALIST I Submission Deadline: Noon on Wednedsay , August 22, 2018 THE POSITION Under general supervision of the Deputy Chief of Support Services or his/her designee, the Supply Services Specialist I is responsible for the ordering, receiving, storing, and distribution of equipment, tools and supplies to various Department divisions and fire stations. The Supply Services Specialist I is the entry-level classification for this job series. The incumbent will initially perform assigned duties and tasks under immediate supervision, while learning related policies and procedures. This classification is distinguished from the higher level Supply Services Specialist II by the performance and range of work required of the latter classification. This classification is a Fair Labor Standards Act non-exempt, represented position in the Classified Service. COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS Appointment for the Supply Services Specialist I is generally made at the first step of the salary range. Retirement benefits will conform to the California Public Employees’ Retirement System. Currently, classic miscellaneous employees pay 8% of employee contribution, which is tax- deferred. Public Employee Pension Retirement Plan (PEPRA) employees currently pay 6.5%, which is tax-deferred. Current benefits include: Full Department payment of medical and dental premiums; paid life insurance of $40,000; vision plan; education reimbursement plan; direct deposit plan; personal leave; sick leave; vacation; 13 holidays per year; 9/80 Alternate Work Schedule upon request; voluntary deferred compensation plan; and credit union service. Please click here to view a summary of our benefits. This classification is represented by International Association of Fire Fighters Local 1165. EXAMPLES OF DUTIES Depending upon assignment, duties may include but are not limited to the following: Order tools and supplies; write purchase orders and place orders. Operate Department vehicles to deliver and pick-up small tools and supplies. Consult with Department divisions and fire stations to determine specific purchasing needs and specifications when necessary. Establish successful vendor relationships; check prices to ensure procurement at an acceptable cost. Receive goods from vendors and check for proper quality, quantity, condition and price. Sort and place Department inventory in storage areas, shelves or bins as required. Review Department inventory to ensure reasonable inventory limits. Work with vendors regarding back orders and order discrepancies, and with the Department’s Business Services unit regarding payments when needed. Maintain accurate records. Correspondence with internal and external customers. Process station monthly supply orders. Gather information for minor equipment repairs and make recommendations regarding the feasibility of repairing or replacing Department equipment and tools. Package equipment, tools and supplies for shipping or repair. Custodial duties i.e. replace water cooler bottles and take recycle out to bins. Courier to/from offsite locations i.e. Santa Clara County facilities and the post office. Order forms used by the Department; work with printer and division personnel to ensure accuracy of the information prior to printing. Revise monthly supply order form as necessary and distribute to stations. Perform other duties as assigned. EMPLOYMENT STANDARDS _Education/Experience_ Graduation from high school, passing of the General Education Development (GED) test or an equivalent certificate, and one year of full time experience performing general warehousing duties including delivery of supplies to a variety of locations. _Highly Desirable_ A strong background in customer service is highly desirable. _Knowledge and Abilities_ Knowledge of Methods and procedures used in the receipt, storage, control, and distribution of supplies, tools, materials, and equipment. Various supplies and materials related to fire suppression operations. Computer and computer software applications related to office and support work such as Microsoft Word and Excel. General warehousing duties and procedures, including delivery of supplies to various locations. Safety principles and practices in the warehouse environment. Safe driving practices. Supply sources and pricing standards. Office methods, practices and procedures. Standard office equipment. Correct English usage, spelling, grammar and punctuation. Basic math. Ability to Maintain physical condition appropriate to the performance of assigned duties and responsibilities, which may include climbing, stooping, stretching, walking, lifting, pulling, pushing, reaching, crawling, standing, or sitting for extended periods of time. Establish and maintain cooperative, working relationships with those contacted in the course of work. Follow verbal and written instructions. Maintain accurate records. Gather, organize, analyze and present a variety of data and information. Make mathematical calculations quickly and accurately. Determine priorities based on division needs and work with short deadlines. Operate a computer and appropriate computer software. Use office equipment including computers, telephones, calculators, copiers and fax machine. Deal tactfully and courteously with vendors, Department staff and the general public. Maintain effective verbal and written communication with vendors, Department staff, and the general public. Work independently with minimum supervision and provide work direction and training to less experienced staff. Drive Department vehicles. _Working Conditions/Physical Demands_ Work is performed indoors and outdoors, with regular contact with staff and the public. The position requires prolonged sitting, standing, walking, reaching, twisting, turning, kneeling, bending, squatting, stooping, climbing, grasping, and repetitive and fine coordination hand movement. The incumbent should have normal manual dexterity and eye-hand coordination; and corrected hearing and vision to normal range, and must be able to lift, push, and pull objects weighing up to 50 pounds without assistance and 70 pounds with assistance. The incumbent will be driving Department vehicles. _Required License_ Possession of a valid state of California driver’s license and must maintain a safe driving record. _Pre-Employment Requirements_ The candidate must complete and pass a background check and Live Scan fingerprint, and complete a medical examination. APPLICATION AND SELECTION PROCESS Interested applicants must apply for the position online by clicking on the "Apply for this job online" button. If you have not previously done so, you will need to complete a user profile. As part of the submittal, you are required to upload your résumé where indicated. In the area title “Additional Documents,” please provide proof of education (copy of diploma, GED certificate, or transcript). The submission must be completed by the stated deadline. Submission deadline: Noon on Wednesday, August 22, 2018. Incomplete or late submittals will not be accepted or considered. Based upon a review of the applications, the most qualified candidates will be invited to participate in the selection process. The selection process will include a written test and and an oral board interview, tentatively scheduled for September 12, 2018, and October 2, 2018, respectively. A final selection interview will take place follwing the oral board interview (date to be determined). Should you have questions regarding the position of Supply Services Specialist I or the application and selection process outlined herein, please contact Rebecca Lo, Management Analyst, Personnel Services at (408) 341-4457. The information contained within this announcement may be modified or revoked without notice and does not constitute either an expressed or implied contract. _The Department is an Equal Opportunity Employer._