About DTA The Department of Transitional Assistance (DTA) is the state agency responsible for administering public assistance programs to low-income residents of the Commonwealth. DTA is committed to providing a high level of service to all those in need of our services. The mission of the Department is to assist and empower low-income individuals and families to meet their basic needs, improve their quality of life, and achieve long-term economic self- sufficiency. We serve one out of every eight people in Massachusetts – including working families, children, elders and people with disabilities. Our services include food and nutritional assistance, cash assistance, and employment supports. With our support, our clients are given the tools to improve their economic self-sufficiency. This is a provisional appointment. POSITION OVERVIEW We are seeking qualified applicants for the position of Clerk III. The primary responsibility is to provide routine information concerning agency programs and services, including Transitional Aid for Families with Dependent Children (TAFDC), Emergency Aid to the Elderly, Disabled, and Children (EAEDC), and Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP). The duties will include but are not limited to: Files and retrieves materials such as correspondence, reports, applications, and client case records, etc. in accordance with a prescribed classification system and retrieve records as required. Staffs front desk, greets clients and visitors and answers telephone calls and refers clients and visitors to appropriate Department staff. Compose correspondence for routine letters needed by case managers and supervisors and for requests for information, confirming of meetings, etc. Schedule/arrange for conferences, meetings, interviews, appointments, or similar activities and notifies appropriate parties, orally and in writing, of this information. Maintain local office logs, records, electronic data and PC applications according to established procedures. Operate standard and specialized office machines and equipment such as copiers, faxes, postage meters, shredders, image systems, personal computers, or similar equipment. Compile statistical information to be included in reports of agency activities. Perform typing, word processing and data entry duties as required. Receive, collate, and distribute incoming mail, faxes, memos, reports, and other communication to appropriate staff. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Familiarity with PC word processing and general application functions. Possess excellent organizational skills. Demonstrate self-motivation, resourceful, detail-oriented, and energetic. Should be a team player and have outstanding data entry, and proofreading skills. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to prioritize and handle multiple projects is essential. Should be proficient in Microsoft Office and be a quick study on new computer programs. Education, licensure and certifications will be verified in accordance with the Human Resources Division’s Hiring Guidelines Education and license/certification information provided by the selected candidate(s) is subject to the Massachusetts Public Records Law and may be published on the Commonwealth’s website. As part of the hiring process, the Office of Human Resources will be verifying any college-level degrees conferred to the selected candidate. Additionally, any licensure required for the position will be verified. Information provided as part of the hiring process is subject to the Massachusetts Public Record Law and may be published on the Commonwealth’s website. For questions, please the contact the CYF Office of Human Resources at 1-800-510-4122 and select option 2. Qualifications First consideration will be given to those applicants that apply within the first 14 days. Applicants must have at least (A) two years of full-time, or equivalent part- time, experience in office work, or (B) an equivalent combination of the required experience and the substitutions below: I. A diploma as evidence of graduation from the commercial or business course of a recognized high school or vocational/technical high school may be substituted for a maximum of one year of the required experience. II. A diploma as evidence of graduation from a course other than the commercial or business course of a recognized high school or vocational/technical high school or possession of a Massachusetts high school equivalency certificate may be substituted for a maximum of eight months of the required experience. III. A diploma for completion of a one year, full-time, or equivalent part- time, program in a recognized, non-degree granting business or secretarial school above the high school level may be substituted for a maximum or one year of the required experience. IV. A diploma for completion of a two-year, full-time, or equivalent part- time, program in a recognized, non-degree granting business or secretarial school above the high school level may be substituted for the required experience. Education toward such a degree or diploma will be prorated on the basis of the proportion of the requirements actually completed.