DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Are you a passionate developer with strong desire and proven track record to keep pushing the envelope to deliver solid, easy to manage and highly scalable web applications based on the open source technologies? Do you strive in a fast paced, high energy and dynamic environment? Are you looking to solve complex problems with efficient engineering solutions? Are you mad crazy about high quality and CI/CD? If so, this is the perfect opportunity for you ! This role is for a full stack web Developer to develop engaging web application experiences for Federal Mogul Motorparts and its Brand Portfolio. The Full Stack Web Developer will work within the Information Systems organization and will work across all programs within Federal Mogul’s eCommerce, Sales, and Marketing groups. Essential Responsibilities: Expert in Java / J2ee, OO Design Patterns, Spring MVC framework Expert in JavaScript, HTML, CSS3, Bootstrap. Experience with at least one modern JavaScript framework such as Angular or React Expert of REST with JSON and multi-tier service architectures. Also experienced with SOAP webservice Design and Development. Experience building applications with RDBMS on top of Oracle or MySql. Understanding of NoSQL technologies like Cassandra, MongoDB, etc Experience with Apache Solr, including installing, data importing, schema design, and administering Experience with developing applications requiring internationalization and localization. Ability to navigate and work in Linux/Unix environments. Experience with Grunt or equivalent JavaScript project task tools Excellence with GIT. Ability to learn new technologies quickly. Desire to work in a fast-paced environment using Agile/scrum Excellent communication, teamwork and attention to detail REQUIREMENTS: Experience with Content Management Systems. Knowledge or experience with Adobe Experience Manger Knowledge of Felix, Apache Sling, JCR, JavaScript, HTML5 and attendant technologies Ability to work flexibly and appropriate trade-offs to meet time constraints Experience collaborating with business counterparts, project managers, QA, and developers Experience working in a global environment with multiple delivery teams Experience with Git, JIRA, Bitbucket, Confluence, Jenkins, Maven Experience with developing applications requiring internationalization and localization. Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or another related field 5+ years’ experience in Java programming Ability to effectively work in a team where other team members may be located throughout the world Self-starter with the ability to independently resolve issues and deliver results Excellent written and verbal English communication skills Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled