With annual sales in excess of $4B, Rexel USA is a market leader providing innovative and sustainable electrical supplies and energy solutions. Our strategy is simple - by helping our customers thrive, we thrive. We recognize that the energy industry is changing and Rexel's business is changing with it. That's why we’re looking for someone like you - a fresh thinking, innovator, and ground-breaker. We are seeking an MDM IT Architect for our RHUSA Group in Dallas, TX: Essential Responsibilities Designs, documents and configures complex enterprise solutions based on the business requirements. Includes the development of standards and transition plans to bridge current state into desired future state. At times, may be required to develop, test and deploy the solutions as well. Works with IT application owners to identify requirements to satisfy business needs. Conducts technical evaluations and performs cost/benefit analysis. Maintains a current knowledge of technology and continually evaluates its impact on company objectives and deployed systems. Designs technology solutions and goals for a specific project and/or application area for inventory, products and ERP API calls optiming given network latency Facilitates solution design discussions Participates as a member of the project team to ensure the optimal design solution is understood and adopted Ensures applications are properly licensed for key vendors including: Oracle, IBM and Informatica Provides technical guidance to project teams in their area of expertise and/or leads teams to complete projects specific to their domains Can speak to the team and rather that at the team and is inclusive in design Participates in the evaluation and implementation planning of new technologies and actively reviews existing architectures and systems to recommend improvements Participates in the development of application roadmaps May be requested to participate in incident resolution and/or problem analysis Understands and maintains Security measures and configurations with current standards, practices, & technology included but not limited to PCI and sensitive data protection Represents project teams at architecture and security review boards and assists in securing required approvals Ability to actually develop and deliver solutions either individually or as part of a development team Assists with evaluation and recommendations regarding purchased software packages, hardware platforms and supporting services. Assists with establishment and refinement of technical standards and hardware standards. Assists with software, hardware and project approvals. Assists with software and vendor contract reviews Responsible for timely implementation of technology projects. Assist with IT cost control and actively look for opportunities to control spend. Performs other duties assigned. Required Qualifications Ability to work collaboratively with business leaders and understand business Distribution or retail experience Experience preparing and presenting business and/or financial results Microsoft Excel knowledge and skills Strong PowerPoint presentation development skills Familiarity with data warehouse and business intelligence concepts Strong communication and presentation skills Self-motivated with ability to work independently without close supervision Ability to handle concurrent responsibilities and tasks under pressure and within required timeframes Strong detail, quality and solution orientation 10+ years of experience designing and implementing technical solutions that are aligned with business strategy 6+ years of experience of MDM architecture and analysis 4+ years of ODM/BPM experience, (covering multiple modules and systems) Minimum of 3 MDM implementations 6+ years' experience in Oracle Databases 6+ years' experience in XML, Javascript, HTML and CSS 5+ years' experience in Data Governance 3+ years' experience in advanced analytics tools (R, SPSS, Python, SAS) Prior experience as a lead developer and reports to Ability to think critically and solve complex issues Ability to work independently Ability to communicate both verbally and in writing with internal and external teams Ability to prioritize across multiple projects and meet deadlines Experience adapting in a dynamic work environment Experience working in a customer focused environment Ability to troubleshooting issue Work closely with other IT application owners and leaders to communicate, share and implement best practices Highly advanced trouble shooting skills, problem resolution, project management and technology evaluation to meet business requirements DISCLAIMER: The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. _Rexel USA (A VEVRAA Federal Contractor), and its affiliated companies, is an EEO/Disabled/Veterans employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to any characteristics protected by law._