What does a Best Buy DDC Warehouse Clerical Aide do? To process records, enter data and prepare reports for the receiving, order processing, shipping and inventory control areas of the Delivery Distribution Center. The Warehouse Clerical Support role is typically assigned to specific areas within the Delivery Distribution Center, i.e. Receiving, Home Delivery and Installation Support, and Shipping. Therefore, the job may entail one or more of the following duties and responsibilities. The time spent on the duties varies based on the area in which the duties are performed. Essential Functions Enters, corrects and verifies data on the computer. Uses spreadsheet and WMS computer programs to enter bills of lading, transfer, manifest, receiving and inventory information. Verifies and corrects data as appropriate. Completes Delivery Distribution Center reports (i.e. control logs, shipping logs, quality audits, cube reports, seal logs, daily receiving data log, etc.) Receives information from warehouse workers, truck drivers and computer generated reports. Categorizes data and summarizes onto departmental forms. Distributes reports to appropriate personnel. Processes Delivery Distribution Center paperwork. Receives copies of freight claims from warehouse workers, verifies information against shipping documents, files copies and routes to relevant departments. Completes expediter assistance requests by researching problems with purchase orders, determining and indicating source of problem and routing completed request to warehouse workers. Processes orders by getting labels, recording information on batch control log and summarizing data. Verifies and processes stock transfers. Creates daily check-in receiving documents for receiving dock workers. Non-Essential Functions Establishes and maintains filing systems. Files bill of ladings, manifests, transfers and receiving data according to date and store location. Performs other duties as apparent or assigned. What are the professional qualifications of a Best Buy DDC Warehouse Clerical Aide? Basic Qualification: 6 months of clerk, administrative and/or receptionist experience Preferred Qualification: High School Diploma/GED Microsoft Office suite experience (Word, Excel, Outlook, etc.) What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.