Overview Warehouse Expediter Overview/Position Summary Facilitates the timely and accurate processing of requests for expedited exchange of information between internal departments. Responsibilities: Process email requests to expedite the receiving of goods received at the Distribution Center. Includes detailed email responses within established, acceptable timeframes. Investigate late shipments from local carriers using internet website resources and direct communication via phone and email Facilitate product ticketing process by working with Distribution staff to move received product from temporary locations to valid warehouse locations Responsible for the timely and accurate completion of documents related to damage and exception reporting of goods received. Physical product confirmations. Investigate product shortages. Assist with inventory cycle counts. Administers the “No PO/SO” files Qualifications: Education/Experience High School diploma or general education degree (GED); or 1+ years’ previous experience in warehouse and/or inventory control operations; or equivalent combination of education and experience; A.A. or some college preferred. Knowledge/Skills/Abilities Strong organizational skills Effective written and verbal communication skills Ability to provide excellent customer service and foster both internal and external relationships Must be able to effectively solve problems and make decisions in the best interest of One Workplace and the client Must be able to read, interpret and follow written procedures Basic knowledge of warehouse functions and equipment necessary for warehouse distribution and storage operations Knowledge of PC skills helpful; simple reading and writing; ability to work mathematical statistics, both calculations and reports Ability to operate forklift and other power equipment; familiarity with operating non-power equipment (pallet jacks, carts, hand trucks) within the warehouse Physical Requirements Ability to occasionally lift and carry 50 to 75 pounds Seeing, color and depth perception, hearing/listening, clear speech, touching, ability to move distances within and between warehouses/offices, ability to mount and dismount forklift/truck Working Environment Generally works in a warehouse environment with moderate noise, and changing temperature conditions. Job Status – Non-Exempt