Technology – M/F, ODBA, SQL DBA, M/F DBA, App Support, Incident Management, etc CassandraDB AdministrationCassandra Job summary (in sentence format) – A quick description of the job. o Brief description of the job purpose o Overview of main responsibilities o Two to three sentences Cassandra Architect who will create and implement highly scalable and reliable distributed data architectures using core Java, Cassandra and Coherence technologies, including data distribution networks to deliver data into the data storage layer and API components for Client Application Integration into Data Storage layer. Additionally create and implement data quality and monitoring infrastructure Need - Job responsibilities (bullet points) – Describe what the job duties are. What will the hired candidate be doing in this role? o The essential functions of the job o List of 5-10 responsibilities o Begin each with a present tense action verb; “develop software” o Include only higher-level responsibilities o Arrange in logical order Experience designing, developing, deploying and supporting large scale distributed systems Experience in building fault tolerance and failover patterns into Distributed Systems. Experience in Distributed Database design and development at large scale (Coherence, Cassandra, NoSQL, etc.). Minimum Qualifications (bullet points) – What skills and qualifications are needed in order to perform the job? o Must haves o Minimum KSAs (Knowledge, Skills and Abilities) o Determines which candidates are minimally qualified Refer above Preferred Qualifications (bullet points) o Nice-to-haves o These differentiate between minimally qualified and ideal candidate Project Management Knowledge Management Requirements Management Design Pattern-Tools & Princ.Estimation & Resource PlanningSolution StructuringArchitecture Concepts & Princ.Solution DesignProcess Consulting- Proc&ToolsCognizant Tools and Processes Job Location : Lowell, Massachusetts, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 19 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.