Level 1 Systems Administrator Diamond Game Enterprises Chatsworth, Los Angeles, CA Job Description SUMMARY _Overview of the position._ Manages and maintains at an advanced level all servers and related entities. Must be highly detail orientated. Extensive knowledge of Windows systems, networks and associated hardware and software. Extremely well versed in multiple areas including Windows Server 2008 R2 and higher, SQL Server 2008 R2 and higher, Active Directory Maintenance and Best Practices, Group Policy, Hyper-V Management & Replication, VMWare/vSAN Technologies, and the TCP/IP protocol suite. Experience supporting industry standard security policies, vulnerability scanning, and change configuration management. Experience with Sophos hardware and software (UTM Firewalls, RED devices, and Cloud AV products) a plus. Provides problem/resolution support and assists internal departments and field technicians with Diamond Game product upgrades and installs. Ability to work with support vendors and technology partners to ensure SLAs are adequately met. Monitors, manages, and maintains complex systems and network technology, bandwidth, performance, documentation, and metrics. The start time for this position is 6am with alternating after hours on-call support. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES _The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by an individual assigned to this job. Other duties may be assigned._ Supports the company's corporate and remotely implemented server/network environments. Assists with the maintenance of all technology related to both corporate and field Infrastructure systems. Provides on-call support for related systems. Follows technical direction per established policies and procedures. Maintains documentation related to design; utilizes formal change control processes. Provides recommendations to improve reliability and performance, reduce cost and anticipate company growth. Makes implementation decisions using best practices and a security-first mindset. Manages and maintains backup and recovery processes related to systems, networks, co-location site(s) and external sites. Manages users, computers, and group policies in addition to Active Directory itself, to support our IT operations. Collaborates with other departments for standards and practices Manages and maintains infrastructure components. Proactively monitors for performance, load balancing, bandwidth, and connectivity. Patches systems per internal requirements. Understanding of operating systems optimal configurations and best practices. Work with a mindset to ensure that company's policies and standards are followed. Ability to troubleshoot and resolve network issues reported by employees at corporate offices and field technicians across North America. Familiar with scripting languages including PowerShell. Knowledge of storage technology with the ability to provision storage according to best practices. Tracks work and time in ticket and project management systems. Creates and maintains documentation including diagrams, models, and procedures. Presents to all levels of the organization technical documents, presentations, and proposals. Understands and can communicate technical information effectively. INTERACTION Interacts with all levels of Diamond Game personnel, customers, and outside vendors. Must feel comfortable communicating in various media, such as written documentation, presentations, email, demonstrations, videos and training. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES No direct supervisory responsibilities. EDUCATION/YEARS EXPERIENCE S./B.A. in Computer Science, Information Systems, Telecommunications OR equivalent experience 3+ years' experience working in a high-availability network environment Proficient knowledge in all areas of Windows system administration including enterprise backup solutions, anti-virus solutions, patch management and monitoring. Linux and VMWare Infrastructure experience a plus. 3+ years supporting corporate networks 3+ years supporting and evolving production and test environments. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES Familiarity with standard IT practices Strong desire to work in a team environment Excellent time management skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Experience working in a dynamic environment with strict project goal deadlines Intermediate level skills in Microsoft operating systems, office products, and email The candidate must be able to move and control up to 550 pounds with the aid of dollies and tools; able to lift and move 40 pounds short distances without mechanical aid and frequently lift and move 10 pounds. While performing duties onsite at customer locations, the employee may be exposed to noise levels ranging from quiet to loud. At times, working conditions may consist of moving and working around customers of gaming establishments. Has home Internet with reliable, high-speed Internet service with at least 20 Mbps Down and 5 Mbps Up. Ability to travel as needed, within Canada and the USA, on occasion for multiple days. Adheres to Company standards, core values and methodology Adheres to Company confidentiality and security requirements Must carry a company cell phone during business work hours and on-call hours Flexible hours as needed for projects Ability to perform duties under minimal to no supervision while exercising discretion and independent judgment while adhering to company policies.