We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the Role We're looking for a data analytics manager to join our Marketing Analytics team to provide data expertise as we improve the growth, retention, engagement, and brand affinity of the riders and drivers on the Uber platform. In the role you'll be part of and work closely with a cross-functional team consisting of strategy, design, development, and program managers. You possess a passion for improving techniques, processes, tracking, analytical insights and technology used by marketing to achieve our bold goals. This person will help address the complex challenges of experiment design, marketing effectiveness, contact strategy, return on investment, driver and rider behavior and channel effectiveness using state of the art machine learning models. As a member of marketing analytics, you will not only be able to develop the team, but also help define the way marketing performance is calibrated and what questions should be asked. You'll play a big part in finding opportunity fields to help the marketing function scale as we develop onboarding, engagement and retention strategies. You will also learn and apply advanced analytics skills like experimental design, machine learning, statistical modeling, and more. What You’ll Do Mine data and analytics at the customer level to gain a better understanding of their usage behaviors, including impacts of current marketing strategies. Working closely with the CRM marketing team, responsible for CRM campaign pre and post analysis, cohorting, experiment design, segmentation, KPI measurement and more. Collaborate on project planning/prioritization meetings, stakeholder meeting, data prioritization meeting, etc. Choose the proper metrics for tracking and understanding current and future experiments. Develop dashboards that provide reliable insights and visualization into rider and channel performance relative to KPIs, projections, and historical performance. Implement and analyze A/B or Multi-Variate Tests to provide actionable insights to the marketing team on the test data. Present findings to senior management to drive business and marketing decisions. Use tools such as Google Sheet, Tableau and many internal tools to work efficiently at scale. Manage a small team What You’ll Need BS/MS in Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Economics, Statistics, or equivalent experience. At least 5 years of analytical and database experience. Marketing analytics or consulting experience is a plus. 2 years of people management experience. Excellent SQL skills. Excellent data visualization skills. Experience creating dashboard reporting in Tableau or a similar visualization tool a plus. Proficiency with multiple analytic and database tools (e.g Tableau, Hive, Presto, Vertica, Jupyter notebooks) Speed, resourcefulness and a go-getter attitude. Moving quickly and executing to allow for continual iteration is a core qualification of our team. Someone who is willing to contribute new ideas and articulate them to a variety of stakeholders and not just execute on existing ones A commitment to learning - We want someone who seeks to deliver impact, but also invests in themselves and others. We don’t get better by standing still, so you will need to consistently seek to innovate and raise the bar A love of data - you just go get the data you need and turn it into an insightful story. You know how to convert data into decisions without getting stuck in paralysis by analysis