Job Details Description Ultimate Software is seeking a Data Engineer Tech Lead to join the Data Engineering team. The Data Engineering team is responsible for the Enterprise Data Warehouse that supports internal reporting and analysis. The team is involved in all aspects of Enterprise Information Management including Master Data Management. This position is for a technical data expert, able to get things done by applying the right solution for the job, and ensuring consistent standards within the team. Here at Ultimate Software, we truly put our people first. We strongly believe in teamwork, and we encourage and trust our people to reach higher, learn more, and live up to their potential. Ultimate is ranked 1 on Fortune's “Best Places to Work in Technology” for 2018 and 3 on the “100 Best Companies to Work For” list in 2018. Ultimate is also ranked 1 on the Fortune’s “100 Best Workplaces for Millennials” for 2017 and 3 on its "Best Workplaces for Diversity” list for 2017. Primary Duties and Responsibilities : Design, develop and maintain a data infrastructure to ingest and transform data at a large scale from varying and multiple sources. Brainstorm ideas with database developers, data engineers and data scientists to generate new data products. Work with internal business teams to transform their data needs and ideas into reality. Define standards and procedures; refine methods and techniques for data extraction, transformation and loading (ETL). Ensure that the standards and procedures are being followed. Prepare documentation for design review, architecture review and team standards. Collaborate with team members and management to develop the best solution. Present and communicate complex ideas and features to a broad audience effectively. Propose recommendations to management for design decisions that consider the impact to timeline, scope and budget. Provide technical leadership and guidance for vendor evaluations and interactions. Research new technologies and methodologies and apply them to our environment to empower internal customers and scale the existing platform. Be passionate about using data to solve business problems. Required Qualifications: 7+ years’ experience designing, developing and supporting a data warehouse environment 2+ years’ experience data integration via API Advanced understanding of the Software Development Life cycle Familiarity with Agile development such as scrum or Kanban Advanced experience using the Microsoft BI stack (SSRS, SSAS, SSIS) across several versions Have a broad range of knowledge across ETL, SQL and other emerging data technologies Experience with integrations in a cloud environment (AWS, Google Cloud, Azure) Experience with an integration platform software such as MuleSoft Interpersonal Skills: Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to interact with other departments and business users who are not as technical in nature Ability to understand system functionality, process, and architecture at a technical and business level Education/Certification/License : Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related discipline preferred. Travel Requirement: Limited travel upon request This job description has been written to include the general nature of work performed. It is not designed to contain a comprehensive detailed inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.