About the Job We are seeking a Data Scientist to fill a newly created position that will help utility clients adapt to a complex and changing technological, economic, and regulatory landscape. This role will sit in Nexant’s Advanced Analytics consulting group which is comprised of econometricians, applied statisticians, and policy experts. The candidate chosen for this role will work in two main domains: Applying data science skills to address rapidly emerging grid modernization challenges including: the integration of distributed energy resources, quantifying the benefits of grid resilience, asset management portfolio optimization, and improving customer engagement and satisfaction. Performing econometric evaluation of large scale hourly usage data to support electric and gas utility demand response, energy efficiency, and behavioral conservation program efficacy. This position provides the opportunity to help accelerate the transition to a cleaner and more efficient energy mix for electric utilities throughout North America. Projects commonly involve the analysis of hourly energy consumption data for hundreds of thousands (if not millions) of utility customers. Duties and Responsibilities Use knowledge of utility data, organizations and priorities to advise clients on data-driven solutions to operational needs, regulatory mandates, and customer outreach Leverage knowledge of the electricity and gas sector to select appropriate statistical and technical approaches to client challenges Prepare reports, presentations, tools, and proposals explaining technical analytical methods and results to non-technical audiences Project manage and/or support teams to deliver high quality analysis while remaining on time and on budget Take initiative to validate and troubleshoot data and statistical models Coach junior staff to develop their data science skills Participate in meetings, conference calls, and email exchanges with clients Track energy industry trends and emerging issues Other duties as assigned. Required Qualifications Master’s Degree and 2-3 years of work experience in one of the following disciplines: data science, economics, statistics, public policy with a quantitative focus, or computer science. Experience, through coursework or work experience in the energy sector is highly preferred Programming experience using R or Python building regression, classification, or other statistical models Demonstrated interest in the energy industry via prior work experience, coursework, or side projects Strong written and oral communication skills Ability to multi-task and work independently in a fast-paced environment Detail-oriented, especially when managing and analyzing large data sets Must be able to travel locally and nationally up to approximately 30% of the time. Preferred Qualifications Project management experience, including supervising junior staff and tracking budgets and deliverables, preferably in a consulting or client-facing environment Familiarity with Stata, SQL, or Julia or other numerical programming language Coursework and/or practical experience in machine learning, applied econometrics and/or statistical program evaluation Familiarity with the full data science stack, with a focus on visualization and data communication Experience with model selection and validation methods Real world experience scraping and/or munging large data sets. Salary and Benefits (U.S.) Nexant offers competitive salaries based on candidate's qualifications. Nexant also offers three weeks paid vacation per year, eleven paid holidays per year, a 401(k) plan with employee matching funds and an overall comprehensive benefits package. About Nexant Nexant is a globally recognized software, consulting and services leader that provides innovative solutions to utilities, energy enterprises, chemical companies and government entities worldwide. Founded in 2000 and headquartered in San Francisco, Nexant and its 500+ employees work from 32 global offices providing deep technical expertise and regional knowledge to improve customer engagement, boost operational efficiency, reduce costs and achieve superior business results. Nexant supports clients through four distinct business units: Nexant Energy Software has developed and commercialized a number of industry-leading software platforms and applications, including Nexant iEnergy®, Nexant Grid360™, and Nexant iHedge® Nexant Utility Services works with clients to drive customer energy savings, ensure cost-effective program design, implementation and management, and promote customer engagement Nexant Energy & Chemicals Advisory provides strategic planning, project development, competitor analysis, market and price forecasting, and NexantThinking™, a subscription program and online product portal . Nexant Government Services assists developing countries with energy sector policies, infrastructure, financing, and access to affordable electricity. _Every day, Nexant employees partner with customers to reimagine the world we live in and create a more sustainable energy tomorrow._ Nexant, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.