Articulates the architectural vision to clients, sponsors and stakeholders. Always represents Magento (work product, communications, presence) professionally in both client and team situations. Validates clients roadmap against Magento current or expected features. Conceptualizes and experiments with alternative architectural approaches. Validates the architecture against requirements and assumptions. Verifies and validates development process, ensuring adherence to quality standards and methodology. Identifies and resolves technical issues. Invents, validates and implements new architectural approaches. Creates new development methodologies that improve outcomes and business results. Perceived as a technical leader both within Magento Services but also within the larger technical community internally, and with the technical staff of Magento customers and partners. Interactions are at all levels within the company and partner organizations, but are most impactful at the senior technical and executive level. Viewed as a technical thought leader. Job Requirements: Thorough functional and code level knowledge of all Magento products and all relevant commerce technologies 3+ years of continuous Magento 1 & 2 development experience Magento Cloud experience is a plus Experience building major 3rd party systems integrations (ERPs, Payment Gateways, 3PL, etc.) Experience in identifying and implementing performance optimizations, understanding scalability concepts In-depth knowledge of web-application security vulnerabilities and how to avoid them, understanding PCI compliance concepts Solid understanding of organizations business strategy Great analytical and problem solving skills Attention to detail, and ability to multitask and meet deadlines Passion for quality and engineering excellence at scale Strong communication and conflict resolution skills Strong presentation and leadership skills Strong mentoring skills, ability to adapt and work with team members of various experience levels Expert PHP / Object Oriented Programming skills Strong understanding of Design Patterns 5+ years programming experience Strong database architecture skills, MySQL knowledge, experience interacting with database systems through abstraction layer Proficient Linux user, understanding concepts behind LAMP/LNMP stack applications + those Magento uses out of the box (Redis, Elasticsearch, RabbitMQ, etc.), ability to perform basic setup of the stack Strong JavaScript skills Solid understanding of Magento frontend development concepts WORKING FOR MAGENTO A career at Magento puts you on the cutting-edge of the commerce industry and offers many opportunities for advancement. And, as a part of our family of products and services, you'll also gain valuable exposure to a wealth of commerce knowledge, experience, a global customer and employee base, and world-class resources. We're always looking for talented people who want to help shape the future of commerce, and who believe in the power of collaboration.