As the world’s largest commercial real estate services firm, CBRE is continually looking to improve the ways we serve our clients. Many of these efforts are developed and implemented through our Client Care Program. This analyst position will act to support, and sometimes be a point person, on many of these initiatives. If what we describe below interests you, we’d love to hear from you. You are able to utilize your strong Excel, Word and PowerPoint skills to analyze extensive client data and develop unique reports and presentations as needed around this data. You like working with people, and you’re good at it, but you’re also very self-directed and you’re comfortable working on your own with minimal guidance for extended periods of time. You’re comfortable being part of a global program and sometimes working with colleagues in Europe, Asia and Latin America. You know your way around an income statement and a balance sheet and are comfortable doing financial analysis and providing ad hoc financial requests to management. You may not be a programmer, but you’ve always been interested in technology. You also have a very strong academic background with a track record of learning new things. You can utilize that interest and aptitude to help us develop and manage information in different software solutions, including building custom apps in some of these technologies. To date we’ve worked with Caspio, Salesforce, SharePoint, Survey Gizmo, Jira, Tableau, Peoplesoft, K2, CoStar, Real Capital Analytics, and Campaign Logic We’re also working more and more in an agile environment with our Digital & Technology counterparts. You’ve got strong presentation skills, and you’re comfortable working directly with senior leaders in components you’ve developed an expertise in, but also mature enough to understand that a lot of an analyst’s work is behind the scenes building those components and that expertise. Overall, a lot of what we do with the Client Care Program is to develop processes and data analytics tools that our core businesses can utilize to better understand and serve our clients. The quantity of work and the type of work can therefore vary greatly over time: from the sublime to the mundane. You should be able to feel comfortable in this type of an undefined environment. JOB SUMMARY The purpose of this position is to provide the research, data mining/analysis, reporting and interpretation of global, national, regional, local and/or account company performance metrics. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Generates, reviews and understands reports. Uses aggregate data from multiple sources to assist in creating a complete analysis, improvement and/or recommendation. Reviews the accuracy of information provided and responds to requests from management and vendors. Understands and works with scenario planning (exit/maintain/grow) tools/models. Analyzes trends in general business conditions. Identifies opportunities for improvements by and among the clients and/or companies. May coordinate involvement of personnel from other departments and information technology groups to facilitate successful project implementations. May act as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) for key systems/processes in subject teams and day-to-day functions. Facilitates the maintenance and reporting of benchmarks and performance metrics. Other duties may be assigned. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position. May provide informal assistance such as technical guidance and/or training to coworkers. May coordinate and assign tasks to co-workers within a work unit and/or project. QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE Bachelor's degree (BA/BS) from 4-year college or university required. Master's degree preferred. Minimum of 2 years of related experience and/or training. CERTIFICATES and/or LICENSES None. COMMUNICATION SKILLS Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong organizational and analytical skills. Ability to provide efficient, timely, reliable and courteous service to customers. Ability to effectively present information. FINANCIAL KNOWLEDGE Requires knowledge of financial terms and principles. Ability to calculate intermediate figures such as percentages, discounts and/or commissions. Conducts basic financial analysis. REASONING ABILITY Ability to comprehend, analyze, and interpret documents. Ability to solve problems involving several options in situations. Requires intermediate analytical and quantitative skills. OTHER SKILLS and ABILITIES Intermediate experience in MS Office Products (Excel, Access, Power Point, Word, etc). Heavy emphasis on Excel and PowerPoint. Ability to use query and report generation tools. SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY Decisions made with understanding of procedures and company policies to achieve set results and deadlines. Responsible for setting own project deadlines. Errors in judgment may cause short-term impact to coworkers and supervisor.