We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the Role Do you have strong product instinct and an appreciation for data-centric analytical products? Are you passionate about data and how a comprehensive data warehouse solution can be used in helping us build better products? The Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for providing subject matter expertise in the analysis, design and preparation of technology solutions to meet business. From the business perspective, are the functional requirements well-defined? Is it clear what elements the solution will contain? From the designer’s perspective, are the technical requirements defined? Do you understand how the solution will be architected? Do all the solution elements continue to adhere to the design/standards? What you’ll do Learn about Uber’s rapidly growing and unique safety and insurance operations Responsible for defining requirements for Business Intelligence (BI) applications that meet business needs. Define business problems and objectives that a BI solution will help address. Partner with subject matter experts across business, operations and IT to define requirements Define product requirements and help prioritize execution across the team Communicate BI requirements seamlessly to designers of interfaces, data structures, and applications. Study disparate data sources to build comprehensive BI solution through organized taxonomy, reference data and master data Regularly communicate progress, key results and KPIs to internal stakeholders Stay on-top of technology trends, evaluate opportunities and enhance the product vision What you'll need Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, or related technical field 3+ years of years of SQL Programming Experience in BI projects converting business needs to reporting requirements Experience identifying and communicating analytical outcomes in person and in writing to both business and technical teams Experience in Data Profiling, Data Analysis, Data Discovery and Source to Target mapping documentation. Excellent project management skills and ability to prioritize issues Balance attention to detail with swift execution Demonstrated experience translating complex and technical subject matter Ability to work in conditions, which include multiple and sometime conflicting priorities Team player. You rely on others' candid feedback for continuous improvement Enthusiasm about Uber! Bonus Points If Previous experience in Product Analytics and Master Data Management Strong understanding of software development life cycle and/or agile development environment with emphasis on BI practices Both technically deep and business savvy enough to interface with all levels and disciplines within the organization Demonstrated ability to coordinate projects across functional teams Experience with big data frameworks such as Hive and Presto About the Team The Safety and Insurance Team works toward continuously making Uber a safe choice by limiting incidents, and responding appropriately to the occurrence of rare events, ensuring current and future users see and trust our deep commitment to them.