Competitive salary Austin, TX Dell provides the technology that transforms the way we all work and live. But we are more than a technology company — we are a people company. We inspire, challenge and respect every one of our over 100,000 employees. We also provide them with unparalleled growth and development opportunities. Quality is everything at Dell. It’s what we’re known for and we build it into all our processes. In Quality Engineering we play a central role by developing, implementing as well as maintaining technical quality assurance and control systems. We look for ways to improve the inspection, verification and validation of our finished products. Our team defines strategy – not to mention governance – for the implementation of quality standards and methodology. In addition to participating in the review of engineering designs, we assist customers or engineers in gathering and analyzing data. Key Responsibilities Design and build analytics solutions that deliver transformative insights from extremely large data sets. Design and develop APIs, database objects, machine learning algorithms, and server-side code to support applications. Work closely with team members to quickly integrate new components and features into current application ecosystem. Continuously evaluate industry trends for opportunities to utilize new technologies and methodologies, and implement these into the solution stack as appropriate. Develop strategy and drive best practices across organizations for data quality, analytics, and application architecture. Essential Requirements 10+ years of enterprise development experience. Bachelor's degree of higher in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, or related field. Desirable Requirements Demonstrated and practical experience in machine learning and statistics. Benefits We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment. If you can enhance our technical quality assurance protocols and methods, this is your opportunity to develop with Dell. Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell here.