What does a Sales Supervisor do? The Sales Supervisor ensures Best Buy delivers a world-class customer experience as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. You will play a vital role in leading a Best Buy Department to elevate sales performance by sustaining positive customer and employee interactions. You will support the direction of the Assistant Store Manager - Sales in implementing sales action plans, monitoring business results, and driving execution of sales strategies. As the Sales Supervisor you will: Deliver on all aspects of the sales experience within your respective department through all touch points with Best Buy inside and outside of the store (eg. Online, Services, Delivery/Installation, Solutions etc.). Drive positive outcomes of key sales indicators within your department in support of Revenue, Margin, and NOP goals. Integrate partnerships and 3rd party programs specific to sales, training, and customer facing initiatives to ensure seamless experience. Engage customers using selling skills to build complex, connected solutions while maintain a balance of high velocity and high service. Motivate, coach, recognize, and performance manage employees to reach their full potential. Resolve complex customer issues. What are the Professional Requirements of a Sales Supervisor? Basic Qualifications 1 year of experience in leadership Previous experience in sales, customer service or related field Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications Associate degree or higher in business or related field 1 year consumer electronics experience Prior experience setting retail sales goals What are my rewards and benefits? Accelerate your career with an iconic brand! Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. Empowered with knowledge you’ll help others to also do their best. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including short term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment part of an industry that never sleeps. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.