Starting Rate is $20/hour What does a Best Buy Team Coordinator do? As a Best Buy Team Coordinator this role will function as an extension of the critical leadership functions that are executed daily by the Supervisory staff. This role will have no direct supervisory responsibility, and the responsibilities listed below are encompassing of a team coordinator, but may vary based on departmental assignment. Essential Functions Perform daily start up meetings to include Safety topics, Staffing assignments and Stretching/ Warm-up activities. Administrative duties to include verifying all activity logs are accurate and turned in on time Support the DC Supervisor in communicating daily and weekly department and building goals and projections. Monitor the labor of the department and moving team members as needed and attending meetings. Focus on Safety and Quality, while modeling and teaching proper techniques and coaching for new behaviors if needed. Reporting of all system, hardware, sorter and team member concerns and/or policy violations to a Supervisor or any other member of the leadership team. Assume main contact role on the floor in any given department while continuing to conduct general warehouse worker duties. Must be able to pass all applicable certification and driving requirements to become licensed to operate equipment in the DC. What are the professional requirements for a Best Buy Team Coordinator? Basic Qualifications: Previous Experience in a Supply Chain, Retail or related industry Preferred Qualifications: 6 months previous Distribution experience What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.