Position Overview At PNC, our people are our greatest differentiator and competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We are all united in delivering the best experience for our customers. As a PART-TIME Detection & Investigation Analyst within PNC's Deposit Operations Services Group , you will be based in Philadelphia, PA at the Eastwick building. You will be part of a diversified financial services firm that reflects the needs, values and goals of our customers, employees, communities and shareholders. Your role will be institutional in helping to maintain PNC's reputation for excellence with our customers by living our brand and exhibiting our core values. The Deposit Operations Services Group is responsible for the early detection, control and prevention of losses due to fraudulent items on customer checking accounts. As an integral part of this dynamic and progressive team, you will review the DSS system for potentially fraudulent items on customer accounts. PNC is committed to integrity, teamwork and customer focus through every aspect of our daily work and performance. You will implement this philosophy as you use defined research procedures to identify possible fraudulent items. Your strong analytical and communication skills will serve you well as you research and analyze potentially fraudulent situations. Please refer to Scheduled Days/Hours section for additional scheduling information Job Profile Participates in reviewing and investigating customer cases, reports, and work for potential and actual loss; minimizes fraud, AML and/or organizational risk. Responsible for early detection of suspicious activity, control and prevention of losses. Under supervision, researches and analyzes bank activities and reports to detect and prevent possible fraudulent and illegal activities. Escalates issues as appropriate. Uses defined research procedures to identify and resolve issues. Follows standards and practices to mitigate fraud, AML and other risk exposure and loss. Prepares and maintains appropriate documentation of analysis performed and coordinates with internal or external stakeholders as appropriate. Core Competencies Manages Risk - Basic Experience Assesses and effectively manages all of the risks associated with their business objectives and activities to ensure activities are in alignment with the bank's and unit's risk appetite and risk management framework. Customer Focus - Basic Experience Knowledge of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions, and ability to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions. Job Specific Competencies Anti-money Laundering/Sanctions Policies and Procedures - Basic Experience Knowledge of and ability to prevent or report money laundering and Sanctions-related activities in banking and financial services industry. Business Ethics - Basic Experience Knowledge of practices, behaviors, applicable laws, rules, and regulations governing proper business conduct; ability to demonstrate ethical behavior in diverse situations. Business Process Improvement - Basic Experience Knowledge of and ability to use methods for identifying, evaluating, introducing and implementing more efficient approaches to performing business related activities. Standard Operating Procedures - Basic Experience Knowledge of and ability to design, implement and evaluate standard operating procedures affecting daily and strategic business operations in order to increase operational efficiency. Information Capture - Basic Experience Knowledge of the processes and the ability to identify, capture and document relevant business information in an auditable, organized, understandable and easily retrievable manner. Problem Solving - Basic Experience Knowledge of approaches, tools, techniques for recognizing, anticipating, and resolving organizational, operational or process problems; ability to apply this knowledge appropriately to diverse situations. Effective Communications - Basic Experience Understanding of effective communication concepts, tools and techniques; ability to effectively transmit, receive, and accurately interpret ideas, information, and needs through the application of appropriate communication behaviors. Decision Making and Critical Thinking - Basic Experience Understanding of the issues related to the decision-making process; ability to analyze situations fully and accurately, and reach productive decisions. Fraud Detection and Prevention - Basic Experience Knowledge of and ability to utilize processes, tools, and techniques for detecting, addressing and preventing fraudulent situations. Operational Risk - Basic Experience Knowledge of policies and processes for operational risk management; ability to use tools, data, and best practices to identify, assess, and manage operational risk exposures. Required Education and Experience Roles at this level typically do not require a university / college degree, but do require related experience or product knowledge to accomplish primary duties. Typically requires 1+ years of related experience. In lieu of a degree, a comparable combination of education and experience (including military service) may be considered. EEO Statement PNC provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law