FSI - Insurance -Strategy & Analytics – Technical Strategy - Manager An effective Manager delivers on strategy with hands on implementation and operations experience. We work to understand overarching business strategy at a deep level, going far beyond the C-Suite to uncover insights. We create solutions that are sharply focused while taking the full operating model into account, from people and intellectual capital to technology and processes. And when it comes time to put technology to work, we bring a demonstrated depth of knowledge to solution design, selection and implementation. Financial Services Industry focuses on the most pressing issues in Financial Services, including rapid changes in customer needs, technology, increased globalization, and financial regulations Maintains the traditional view of the Industry with slight modifications (e.g., Engineering and Construction sub-sector has been moved to the Energy, Resources & Industrials Industry) and title changes that align US Consulting with sector terminology used cross-functionally and globally at the firm (e.g., ‘Investment Management’) Deloitte Insurance sector concentrates on delivering core strategy, operations, human capital, actuarial and technology services to insurance executives. Helping clients address a range of critical issues including those brought on by globalization, advances in technology, competition and the changing demands of their customers. Work you’ll do As a Senior Manager, you will use the alignment of business and IT Strategy to help clients take advantage of changing market forces and trends. Our practitioners advise, develop and execute effective IT visions, strategies and roadmaps, in direct alignment and support of client business and technology objectives. Our Firm’s areas of focus include IT Strategy Transformation, Enterprise Architecture, Agile Advisory, and Application Strategy, Selection and, Rationalization. Qualifications Required: 10+ years of relevant consulting or industry experience At least 4 years of experience managing large technology engagements A minimum of 6 full life cycle implementations \- A willingness to travel 80 - 100% of the time (Monday – Thursday/Friday) 8+ years’ experience in IT strategy or IT management roles Demonstrated prior experience in managing teams of 10 + resources through design, development, and/or operations of complex technology environments (programs, applications, systems and/or infrastructure) Executed projects with the following domains: Underwriting, Distribution, Claims, Marketing, Channels, Finance, Billing Experience with Big Data, Cloud technologies, Data Visualization or Data Warehousing (Hadoop, Cloudera, Hortonworks, AWS, Azure, GPC, Informatica, SSIS, Tableau, QLIK, PowerBI et all) Experience with Insurance Core System Products (Guidewire, Duck Creek et all) Demonstrated prior experience in managing technology assessments and developing strategic recommendations Ability to articulate leading business issues and trends, including the associated technology implications within one or more industries Demonstrated experience in business process improvement, leveraging information and technology Bachelor’s Degree Managers are required to have at least three full lifecycle project experience in one or more of the following areas: IT Strategy & Transformation– Advise, develop and execute effective IT visions, strategies and roadmaps, in direct alignment and support of business and technology objectives. Enterprise Architecture – Deliver effective blueprints that guide the key technology decisions of why, what, when, and how to build technologies that ultimately deliver required business enablement, alignment and value. Agile Advisory – Support clients in adopting Agile at scale across their organization through training and coaching and provide support to overcome the organizational, governance, culture and people challenges associated with such a transformation. \- Application Strategy, Selection and Rationalization - Evaluate application and package investments and solutions to support business needs, enterprise strategy and go forward plans aligning client application initiatives with business strategies. Preferred: Ability to work independently and manage multiple task assignments Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint) Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment Eagerness to mentor junior staff An advanced degree in the area of specialization Preferred Understanding and experience with IT economics – including popular financial measures (such as CFROI, TCO etc) Experience working in a relevant technical role, either with another consultancy, with a vendor or within an enterprise IT team Experience with IT organization design and management principles/techniques as well as IT management tools (e.g., Mercury, PlanView, ProSight, Niku) The team Strategy Our Strategy practice brings together several key capabilities that will allow us to architect integrated programs that transform our clients’ businesses, including Corporate & Business Unit Strategy, Technology Strategy & Insights, Enterprise Model Design, Enterprise Cloud Strategy and Business Transformation. Strategy professionals will serve as trusted advisors to our clients, working with them to make clear data-driven choices about where to play and how to win, in order to drive growth and enterprise value. Strategy will help our clients: Identify strategies for growth and value creation Develop the appropriate business models, operating models, and capabilities to support their strategic vision Maximize the ROI on technology investments and leverage technology and Cloud trends to architect future business strategies Systems Engineering Our Systems Engineering team delivers large-scale software applications and integrated systems, and assists clients with architecture design, assessment and optimization, and definition. We develop service-oriented architecture (SOA) and other integration solutions to enable information sharing and management between business partners and disparate processes and systems, and we deliver technology enablement to support CIO services transformation. Systems Engineering professionals focus on key client issues that impact the core business by maximizing operational value, driving down the cost of quality, and enhancing technology innovation. Our teams deliver a wide range of services, including application architecture design and optimization, application modernization, business process management and solution integration, custom application design and development, and large-scale technology delivery program efforts. How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Deloitte will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws. See notices of various ban-the-box laws where available. https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/ban-the-box- notices.html