Description DSHS Quality Improvement Program Manager Are you interested in joining a team of creative individuals working to support independent community housing options for individuals with complex long term support needs? Do you enjoy collaborating with a wide range of community partners, state agencies, and service providers? If you enjoy working with a strong, mission driven team that works hard and enjoys having an impact, problem-solving a diverse range of issues, and tracking key data elements to help tell the story, then this career opportunity is for you! At the Department of Social & Health Services, Transforming Lives is our mission . And it takes people to make this a reality. Join us to strategize ways to blend affordable independent housing with the right array of services to increase the ability of individuals with complex needs to live successfully in the community. Aging and Long Term Support Administration seeks a Quality Improvement Specialist to join the Roads to Community Living (RCL) and Housing team assigned the responsibility for statewide development of partnerships and resources to increase availability and access to independent housing for individuals with complex needs across the State's three Home and Community Services (HCS) regions and clients exiting Western and Eastern State Hospitals. Reporting to the Roads to Community Living (RCL) and Housing Unit Manager in Home and Community Services, you are vital in coordinating and assuring the safety, health and welfare of those individuals who transition from institutional and community settings to independent housing across the state. You will focus on identifying and resolving systemic concerns and barriers documented during and after transition. You will also create training, outcome measures, and data tracking tools to support the work of the housing team. As a member of this team, you have significant input and responsibility for long- range program planning and goal development. Being a part of this work is both challenging and very rewarding. Some of what you'll do Evaluate and assess the effectiveness of relocation activities to identify best practices Collect and analyze data from various systems and make thoughtful recommendations that result in positive program changes Develop training materials and conduct training with internal and external stakeholders Help providers and field staff integrate long term care services with Supportive Housing services Work with a state level team to design a strategic approach to HCS housing resource support and development across all DSHS regions including goals, objectives and continuous evaluation at both the state and regional level Support ALTSA subsidy management and utilization Who should apply? Applicants who possess a Bachelor's Degree in social work, health or social science, public administration or related field and 5 years' of experience with quality improvement projects or related community services; or a Master's degree and additional experience with long term care systems. What we are looking for Demonstrated understanding of Microsoft products including Excel and other databases Demonstrated ability to create strong partnerships in the community as well as within the State's service delivery system Working knowledge of home and community based long term service delivery Demonstrated ability to provide training and technical assistance Skills in community development and project planning Demonstrated ability to collect and analyze data from systems and make thoughtful recommendations that result in positive program changes Demonstrated ability to work in a multi-disciplinary team Excellent communication skills, ability to write and speak and concisely to partners and agencies, both public and private from diverse populations In addition to your application, interested applicants will also include a current resume and Letter of Interest. You letter should describe your experience related to this job. Questions? Contact at DSHS Recruiter or call (360) 972-6854. Supplemental Information Prior to a new hire, a background check including criminal record history may be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment but will be considered in determining the applicant's suitability and competence to perform in the job. This announcement may be used to fill multiple vacancies. Employees driving on state business must have a valid driver's license. Employees driving a privately owned vehicle on state business must have liability insurance on the privately owned vehicle. Washington State Department of Social & Health Services is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in any area of employment, its programs or services on the basis of age, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity/expression, marital status, race, creed, color, national origin, religion or beliefs, political affiliation, military status, honorably discharged veteran, Vietnam Era, recently separated or other protected veteran status, the presence of any sensory, mental, physical disability or the use of a trained dog guide or service animal by a person with a disability, equal pay or genetic information. Persons requiring accommodation in the application process or this job announcement in an alternative format may contact the Recruiter at (360) 725-5810. Applicants who are deaf or hard of hearing may call through Washington Relay Service by dialing 7-1-1 or 1-800-833-6384. LI-BL1