Our purpose is to serve the nation with the single most trusted and capable health information network, built to increase patient safety, lower costs and ensure quality care. What You’re Like You like to innovate on a proactive versus reactive basis. You can play at the intersection of technology and business because your brain works both ways. You appreciate the healthcare industry’s need to innovate for safe, effective and connected healthcare. You can understand and deliver value in terms that customers use and care about, i.e. saving money, making their jobs easier, reducing manual work and, of course, improving patient care. You are ready to step into a key role as part of the solution—not just for your customers’ benefit, but for the entire nation. What We’re Like Surescripts Product Innovation is a diverse team of leaders who execute Surescripts’ business strategy. We have a knack for surrounding ourselves with the right “brain trust” (read: select collaborators who are experts on a wide variety of topics) to inform our work. On the team, there are business gurus who understand the healthcare IT market and how a product will be positioned. There are experts who can translate an exciting concept into a set of requirements to actually go and build it. And there are pros who know what it takes to get new products to market and manage the more mature ones. And most importantly, this team has a deep technical understanding and can articulate Surescripts’ value in terms that will resonate with customers. OK, But Here’s What It’s Really Like Working at Surescripts Product Innovation, you’ll be called upon to coax the right information out of our customers to get at their unmet needs. You’ll maximize our deep relationships with our customers and the industry by monetizing our assets. You’ll leverage these assets—our nationwide network and the actionable intelligence it delivers—to create real value for customers. You’ll work to help put the right players—from payers to physicians to pharmacies—onto a common network so that they can more effectively communicate and coordinate high-quality and well-informed healthcare. Job Summary The Product Manager I is responsible for product planning and execution throughout the product lifecycle for products sold by Surescripts and its vendor partners: secure messaging and e-prescribing products, content management systems, business information systems and tools supporting product integration, administration and troubleshooting. This role serves as a subject matter expert (SME) in product capabilities and works with stakeholders from all business units, all products, and related third parties to define product strategy and vision and to analyze and prioritize requirements. This role will provide high level and detailed analysis, defining solutions and dashboards that balance technical, legal, security, and UX requirements. Additionally, s/he will prepare product documentation highlighting system functions and capabilities. Also, the Product Manager I ensures that the product supports the overall company strategy and objectives and that customer satisfaction and revenue goals are met. The Product Manager I works closely with customers, analysts, engineering, marketing and support teams to develop and maintain products under their responsibility. Responsibilities Lead and oversee market analysis, including financial aspects of the product (revenue, costs, 3-year forecasting, P&L; statements) Serve as product leader within the company and in the industry acting as the SME in capabilities, competition, industry landscape, value proposition, revenue drivers and industry standards. Define product strategy and roadmap and disseminate to stakeholders throughout lifecycle. Responsible for building a 3 year product strategy and 1 year detailed execution game plan and roadmap. Responsible for product innovation (e.g., new products to be developed for general availability, product line extensions). Oversee pilot programs for enhancements to products. Develop a strong understanding of business requirements, working with business users/ business analysts to define technical and process requirements Define the scope, goals, and deliverables and timelines of product programs. Manage and communicate product status, risks and opportunities, including product debriefs with improvement recommendations Identify inter/intra product program dependencies, ensure product launch checklist is completed and take action to reduce risk and ensure predictable delivery Oversee and perform as needed development activities from gathering requirements and designing solutions to release / deployment. Prioritize product fixes and enhancements Leverage advanced functionality to create analytical dashboards. Lead the launch of the product by aligning with market needs, customer interests and internal goals, developing product business plans, providing SME support Create product positioning, personas and key value proposition to support the marketing team in creating marketing artifacts and sales enablement tools, including webinars and marketing materials. Provide product training to product teams and Customer Group. Support sales and account managers by attending customer meetings and calls as needed. Own P&L.; Define and manage key levers to influence P&L; outcomes; communicate with internal business partners. Work with finance to determine product pricing and analyze revenue, where applicable, and manage financial plans Work with third parties to assess partnerships and licensing opportunities Develop customer relationships with key stakeholders and represent Surescripts at industry standards workgroup meetings Qualifications Basic Requirements: Bachelor degree or equivalent experience 8 years of experience in related, progressive roles 5 years of experience in healthcare or a field related to the business – data networks, transaction processing systems or information products 5 years of development background in automated measurement and monitoring capabilities 3 years of experience assessing market and customer needs for information products and servers 2 years of experience in product definition, product management and product launch Prior experience creating business plans and/or financial projections Preferred Qualifications: Master degree in a related business or healthcare field 5 years of experience as a product manager 3 years of experience in physician vendor applications, pharmacy or PBM services Technical product development background in business/product analysis and / or QA