Job Description: Statistician Applies analytical and statistical knowledge to solve complex business problems. May contribute to the development of new ideas and methods and exercise independent judgment to determine best method for accomplishing objectives. Provides expertise to functional project teams and may participate in cross functional initiatives. Responsibilities: Enterprise Core Competencies Requires competency in customer focus, change & innovation, strategic thinking, relationship building & influencing, talent management, results focus and inspirational leadership. Essential Functions Develop statistical models to predict relevant results. Develop forecasting models designed to forecast data and patterns (e.g. call volume). Determine statistically significant patterns in data; trends in measurement; and isolate measurements that have no statistical validity. Continually validate the effectiveness of scoring models and strategies. Monitor and report on key performance metrics for all models in use. Maintain documentation of development methods and validation, as well as subsequent performance monitoring and alignment. Present scoring related activities to management and leadership as needed. Make findings to management in clear, concise formats using graphics, tables and high-level summarization. Qualifications: Qualifications Minimum of 3 years’ experience in an analysis function is required. Minimum of 3 years’ experience developing statistical models. Applicant must demonstrate ability to apply statistical analysis in a business environment. Knowledge of SAS or equivalent required. Data extraction and data mining experience for modeling and analysis. Experience in customer service industry preferred. Previous strategy development/decision support experience (with CHAID, logistic, or other techniques Excellent oral and written communication skills. Proficient in MS Excel, MS Word, MS Access, and SQL. Experience with data modeling and mining tools such as SAS, SPSS, S- Plus, Quadstone, Knowledge Studio, etc. Expert with logistic regression, decision tree, and time- series techniques. Preferred 5 years’ experience in an analysis function. 5 years’ experience developing statistical models. Education Bachelor’s Degree in statistics, applied mathematics, operations research, or related field Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.