We are hiring a Business Analyst (3-5 years experience) to join our team. The Business Analyst will work within a single project team alongside other various roles (Consultant, Solution Architect, Developer, Project Coordinator, etc.). Your main tasks will include performing detailed requirements analysis, documenting business or technical processes, and performing system testing. You will also liaise with the project team and customers to ensure requirements understanding and transparency. To succeed in this role you should have a natural, analytical way of thinking and be able to explain difficult concepts to non-technical users and should possess strong previous business and project management background, and have sufficient IT background to understand technology and the customer’s environment Primary Responsibilities: Evaluating business processes, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement. Performing requirements analysis. Documenting and communicating the results of your efforts. Effectively communicating your insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management. Conducting meetings and presentations to share ideas and findings. Working closely with clients, technicians, and managerial staff. Ensuring solutions meet business needs and requirements. Creating test plans and performing baseline quality assurance testing for customers. Updating, implementing and maintaining procedures. Prioritizing initiatives based on business needs and requirements. Serving as a liaison between stakeholders and users. Managing competing resources and priorities. Monitoring deliverables and ensuring timely completion. Staying up-to-date on the latest process and IT advancements to automate and modernize systems. Leading ongoing reviews of business processes and developing optimization strategies. All other duties as defined and assigned Candidate Profile: Personality: Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group of executives, managers, subject matter experts, and developers Energetic self-starter who is able to work well both in a small team and independently Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment Willingness to take and be accountable for risks Ability to think analytically and solve problems Specific Job Skills: Working knowledge of CRM applications, such as Salesforce A solid understanding of project and software development lifecycles, including software development methodologies (e.g., Kanban). A familiarity with, and understanding of, popular software issue tracking systems, such as Atlassian JIRA. Ability to collaborate with multiple different business units within an organization, document the requirements of each unit, and produce a plan for successful project delivery. Qualifications: Preferred Bachelor’s degree coupled with 2+ years of business analysis experience, or equivalent software experience Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills. The ability to influence stakeholders and work closely with them to determine acceptable solutions. Excellent documentation skills. Fundamental analytical and conceptual thinking skills. Competency in business applications including Word, Excel, and Visio. A track record of following through on commitments. Excellent planning, organizational, and time management skills.