Overview Cures Start Here. At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, home to three Nobel laureates, interdisciplinary teams of world-renowned scientists seek new and innovative ways to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and other life-threatening diseases. Fred Hutch’s pioneering work in bone marrow transplantation led to the development of immunotherapy, which harnesses the power of the immune system to treat cancer. An independent, nonprofit research institute based in Seattle, Fred Hutch houses the nation’s first cancer prevention research program, as well as the clinical coordinating center of the Women’s Health Initiative and the international headquarters of the HIV Vaccine Trials Network. Careers Start Here. SWOG is one of five national recognized cooperative oncology groups in the National Clinical Trials Network. The SWOG Statistics and Data Management Center (SDMC) located in Seattle Washington at Fred Hutch, provides leadership in the statistical design, data management, analysis, and reporting of NCTN clinical trials. It contributes to SWOG's overall mission to significantly improve lives through cancer clinical trials and translational research. Responsibilities This position provides support to a statistical team coordinating clinical trials or epidemiologic research. The incumbent works under the direct supervision of the Senior Statistical Analyst or Analytic Section Manager, will collaborate with a team of statisticians, data coordinators and may work with other medical associates. The incumbent receives direct supervision in performing work assignments. The incumbent refers to the manager for all non- routine decisions. 1\. Create and evaluate datasets from SWOG trials to be posted to NCI archives or provided to external researchers Evaluate datasets used in statistical analyses for manuscripts to identify variables presented Create data dictionaries for variables used in manuscript Respond to review comments and queries 2\. Maintenance of SWOG studies in the national database clinicaltrials.gov Assist in registration of trials to clinicaltrials.gov Maintain anticipated primary completion date as well as other critical dates Coordinate annual updates Under the direction of a Statistical Research Associate (SRA), enter trial results and respond to reviewer comments 3\. Study forms development (Common Data Elements specialist) Utilize the Common Data Element (CDE) browser on the NCI.NIH.gov website Provide appropriate codes using CDE for study forms Ensure standardization of forms to comply with SWOG templates 4\. User Acceptance Testing (UAT) for SWOG trial set-up Work with SRA to test study set-up parameters to ensure appropriate study flags are set, appropriate form expectations and calendars are created, the registration/enrollment program is working as expected and the electronic forms and edit checks are working per specifications Qualifications Required: Bachelor’s degree with a major in statistics, biostatistics, public health, or potentially any field with data manipulation experience, and/or 2 years’ related experience with data, or equivalent combination of education and experience Some experience or coursework in statistical software for data management and statistical analysis Inquisitiveness, desire to learn new skills, quantitative aptitude, along with the ability to think logically and systematically Proficient computer skills including word processing, spreadsheets and graphical displays Strong organizational skills, self-motivation and flexibility Proven written and oral communications skills Strong attention to detail Ability to work both independently and in a team environment Preferred: Knowledge of basic statistics and experience working with statistical data Interest in clinical research Our Commitment to Diversity We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and VEVRAA Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at escmail@fredhutch.org or by calling 206-667-4700