You already know what Anaplan can do, but have you really pushed the tool to its fullest potential? Do you love solving complex business problems through tech? If so, this job is the perfect fit for you. As a Senior Data Architect, you will be in charge of understanding and leveraging Benefit’s data infrastructure in order to create models helping leaders answer complex business questions. Essential duties and requirements : Model Building Provide guidance to the FP&A; Team regarding “what to build”: Auditing of current models to recommend improvements; Lead the roadmap of model buildings through prioritization and focus; Build complex models and provide technical leadership on “how to build” to key individuals: Take ownership on converting existing solutions (spreadsheets) in multidimensional models; Coach key individuals in order to widespread the model building knowledge. Product Management Create a culture of data transparency and data-driven decision making by listening for the pain points and concretely showing how you can solve them; Organize and lead user-testing workshops in order to deliver the best experience for end users; Advance discussions with other departments regarding integrations and ways to solve cross-functional business problems through Anaplan. Project Management Provide Monthly & Quarterly Updates to Finance Leadership of Progress vs. Aligned Prioritizations; Articulate barriers to advancement and recommend actions for mitigation of those barriers; Monitor usage levels and proactively identify solutions as needs arise. Be the main point of contact with Anaplan System Administration Configure and maintain Anaplan lists, modules, dashboards, and other model settings to meet business needs. Perform data integration between internal systems and Anaplan; monitor data flows to and from Anaplan platform to ensure all data is up-to-date and accurate. Define and administer user roles and permissions in Anaplan. All other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Minimum 200 hours of model building experience in Anaplan: 500+ hours preferred Prior experience supporting finance function & ability to “speak” cross-functionally Excellent problem solving and project management skills & demonstrated ability to manage budgets, communications, timelines Confidence to build presentations and speak to leadership Strong analytical skills, self-motivated, ability to collaborate with peers to build a vison and then work autonomously to advance the agenda Bachelor degree or equivalent experience