Why Movimento? Want to do more than just imagine the ways our world will move tomorrow? Here’s your opportunity. Join the technology company that’s transforming the future of mobility today. Movimento’s comprehensive software management services provide the support needed to reliably deliver vehicles with the most up-to-date and reliable software. From in-plant installation to global reflashing, our software management services alleviate the logistical burdens manufacturers face when adjusting to an increasingly software-defined industry. Movimento is an Aptiv company. Aptiv is an advanced technology company with a proven history of enabling mobility. We’re dedicated to bringing the next generation of autonomous vehicles, smart cities and connectivity to life. Position Summary: We are looking for a Software Engineer who will be responsible for software design, coding, unit test creation using C/C++, and/or C/.NET./JavaScript/HTML programming languages. They will develop web applications and maintain/update a complex database and will have to work on GUI’s with a keen eye for designing good interfaces. The candidate should be able to communicate effectively, work with both technical and non-technical peers and customers and be willing to work hard to meet customer expectations. The candidate needs to have the aptitude to learn quickly and be willing, over time to take over major responsibility. This position will be targeted to go into a leadership rotation. The candidate should desire to lead projects and become a technical expert. The candidate will also need to learn leadership skills through shadowing and on the job training. Responsibilities and Duties Contribute to our Microsoft ASP.NET MVC based web applications. Develop customer-facing web applications in C, C++, C, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. Design automated solutions for building, testing, monitoring, and deploying applications in a continuous integration environment. Solve problems across multiple codebases and technologies Be an active contributor to full stack development practices and code reviews. Participate in brainstorming sessions and have the chance to contribute innovative and original ideas to our technology, algorithms and product in a highly collaborative, team-oriented environment. Participate in technical design meetings with other developers and assist in defining the system architecture and choosing technologies. Communicate effectively and efficiently with all associates and business contacts and promote a strong sense of teamwork. Develop existing software programs further through modifications. Work with colleagues to clarify or resolve issues and develop designs. Write operational procedure documentation with technical authors. Maintain systems by monitoring and correcting software defects. Work closely with other staff, such as Project Managers, Hardware Engineers, and Program Managers. Consult with customers/colleagues concerning the maintenance and performance of software in a real-time environment. Travel to customer and/or supplier locations to support job duties as needed. Demonstrate professional behavior and actions consistent with company values. Assist customers who require immediate and/or emergency services by going above and beyond to ensure completion in a timely and successful manner. Work with customer-dedicated teams to support job activities, including working onsite at customer locations as necessary. Required Qualifications and Experience Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or Computer Engineering (or similar degree) 1-5 years Full Stack .NET Development Strong knowledge of MVC and the .NET framework ASP.NET/C, JavaScript, HTML/CSS Strong problem-solving skills Microsoft SQL Server or similar RDMS. A healthy understanding of web standards, semantics, accessibility and security. Knowledge/experience of Object Orientated languages and programming Knowledge/experience of C language and programming Nice to Have 2+ years CAN, UDS, DoIP (Automotive Ethernet) and similar experience 2+ years Ford GGDS, GMLAN, GM Global B, Powernet (FCA) and similar experience 2+ years Vector tools experience (CANoe, CANopy, CANalyzer) experience 2+ years automotive diagnostic experience 1+ years experience in automotive testing with onboard vehicle ECUs Ability to travel to customer sites (both engineering and plant) and work hands on with the customer to test/validate Aptiv/Movimento software as well as debug internal and customer issues working closely with the customer in production and engineering environmentsMVC REST Services C/C++ and Python knowledge Version control Systems (Git or Mercurial preferred) Experience with Entity Framework and Code First Migration. Automotive experience Embedded programming Database Design