We’re building a cutting-edge stakeholder and influencer engagement capability in Lockheed Martin Space. You’ll build the capability for us to assess forces affecting the business and turn that into better data-driven advice and insights to help leaders make stronger decisions. That includes building a deeper understanding of what customers, employees, media, talent and government groups are saying about us and putting new, more targeted strategies in motion to engage with those stakeholders and influencers. You’ll help us build more consistency and discipline in how we engage across different stakeholder and influencer groups in ways that are both flexible and measurable. You’ll also help our different communication teams reinforce the space narrative, maintain trust, address issues and create more advocacy at scale. You’ll be an experienced leader. A business person as much as a communications pro. You’ll be a collaborator and coach, able to work with diverse groups inside and outside the business to deliver results. You’ll sell ideas and get others to follow a powerful vision. And you’ll be flexible and constantly learning. Key Responsibilities: Develop an integrated strategy for stakeholder and influencer engagement, including the systems, processes, teams, measurements and reporting needed for everyone to execute the strategy successfully. Identify, segment and prioritize stakeholders and influencers, with key data gathered on relationship maturity, key concerns and Space-oriented topics that matter most to them. In partnership with Enterprise Business Services, develop requirements and secure funding for a data gathering and tracking platform that assesses stakeholder and influencer environments, identifies forces affecting them and embeds tools for our comms teams to help mitigate real-time reputational risks. Build Data Alignment Model for structured and unstructured data from a variety of different online and offline interactions. Convert data into customized and continuous insights that executives and key relationship builders can use for better decision making. Using benchmarking and best practices, establish plans for engaging, building trust and creating champions with prioritized stakeholders and influencers. Plans will be developed collaboratively with Space and Corporate Communications, Executives, Human Resources, Government Relations, Media Relations, social media, and customer liaisons in our business areas. Partner with other comms team members to streamline listening posts and outreach mechanisms for all stakeholders and influencers, including working across different channels, improving site engagements and helping prepare leaders / executives to engage. Establish process for integrated, real-time measurement, monitoring and reporting. Includes consistent Key Performance Indicators across all stakeholder groups to show impact of our engagement advice, as well as risk assessment and mitigation. Desired Skills: • Strategic and hands-on. Able to connect the dots and create a compelling vision of the future, but also do the day-to-day work to bring that vision to reality MBA Strong business acumen and understanding Experience collaborating and building relationships with a wide range of stakeholders Ability to multitask, adapt, deal with ambiguity and focus on shifting and parallel priorities while driving results with minimal day-to-day supervision Communications savvy, including executive comms, employee comms and social media Training and coaching teams and individuals BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Project / program / process management in a complex corporate environment Selling ideas and breakthrough plans from the C-Suite to the front lines for gather support, feedback and resources Skilled at using Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint for reporting purposes Ability to summarize data, communicate trends, and make recommendations Hands-on expertise with setting up social listening parameters and monitors Experience working closely with IT teams to design and deliver systems and processes Qualitative research skills, including the ability to translate and interpret insights and data into actionable business results – you must love numbers! Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.