Job Description ZF is a global leader in driveline and chassis technology as well as active and passive safety technology. ZF has a global workforce of approximately 138,300 at 230 locations in 40 countries. Working at ZF is more than just a job; it’s an opportunity to imagine and create global mobility for tomorrow – and beyond. Are you up for the challenge? Position Description This is a position in the Project Office Team providing support to Global Electronics Engineering Product Lines. This includes working closely with Product Line Director/VP in setting up new projects, inputting budget, analyzing financial reports, project/resource planning and working in Project Management and Financial database systems. Ability and willingness to learn products, budgeting and resource management is necessary. Position Requirements Drive engineering budget planning activities for the product line and ensure high data quality. Analyze and monitor engineering product line budget spending and recoveries from both a cost center and project perspective. Drive team to identify root cause and implement corrective actions. Analyze and monitor product line resource planning, utilization and footprint. Work with resource owners to optimize plan and ensure robustness of future plan. Support Product Line VP for various analysis tasks and reporting preparation related to budget planning, actual spending, headcount planning and footprint. Support monthly reconciliation of financial and project planning tools. Support set up of new projects in Project Systems. Tool and database administration. Participation in special projects and activities. Essential Skills and Experience: 5+ years of experience in financial management, business planning or equivalent Create projects and resources in Clarity Run reports in Clarity Create pivot tables Handle unsubmitted timesheet and unapproved timesheets with Managers SAP experience is a plus Excellent analytical skills Expert in MS Excel and data visualization tools/techniques Expert in Microsoft Office applications BS in Finance, Business Management or equivalent~cb~ _Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer M/F/_ _Vets/Disabled_ Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer M/F/Disability/Veteran