Company Overview At Zones, we enable positive business outcomes through innovative solutions that leverage technology from world-class partners and exceptional service from our team of certified sales, engineering, and supply chain specialists. nfrastructure, the Services Company of Zones, is comprised of more than 400 systems engineers, solution architects, and technical specialists who design and deploy solutions in support of our customers’ digital workplace modernization, network optimization, data center transformation, and security fortification initiatives. Our values are simple: work together, learn together – and succeed together. We promote a high-spirited working environment, where teams can collaborate and learn from each other. That’s how we’ve innovated, adapted, and grown for over 30 years. Position Overview The Monitoring Analyst will provide Level I support to EUS ITS clients. This position will monitor technologies through the New York State’s system of tools. The Analyst will create, route and escalate issues 24X7 based on the corrective procedures. The Analyst will monitor the queues to alert support team of incidents occurring after hours. Aside from these duties, the position will involve supporting additional nfrastructure customers as required in a Service Desk capacity. Key Responsibilities The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The _Monitoring Analyst_ is primarily responsible for: Complete a very stringent NYS background check. Adhere to Service Level Agreements as defined per customer and ensure the center meets those levels Create tickets in Service Now and route to the correct resolver group Provide call outs to resolver groups on priority tickets. Provide support for Severity 1 and two tickets including routing, call outs and participating in critical conference bridges. Monitor network components, triage and work toward resolution of issue. We are se eking candidates with the following experience and skills Education: Associates Degree or 2 years’ experience in one of or combination of; Active network (LAN/Wan) Monitoring Working with Cisco switches and routers Networking/Installation/Configuration/Troubleshooting Experience: Excellent customer service and communication skills _Desired_ Experience with troubleshooting and triaging LAN/WAN issues. Experience with Monitoring tool suites Concepts of Networking Fundamentals Microsoft Visio Experience with ServiceNow Experience working in a fast-paced service desk Experience coordinating resolution of severity 1 and 2 issues At Zones, we take great pride in offering a full spectrum of comprehensive, flexible benefit programs to our employees: Medical/dental/vision coverage 401(k) plan with matching provision Life insurance Paid vacation time Financial protection benefits Group discounts & perks Wellness programs And more Zones is also proud to be a certified Minority Business Enterprise (MBE), Corporate Plus member of the Northwest MSDC (Minority Supplier Development Council), and Equal Employment Opportunity Employer (EEOE) committed to diversity and inclusion. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We offer employment and advancement opportunities to every applicant. Come join our team. Let’s talk.