Company Overview At Proofpoint, we have a passion for protecting people, data, and brands from today’s advanced threats and compliance risks. We hire the best people in the business to: Build and enhance our proven security platform Blend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architecture Analyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intel Collaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges We are singularly devoted to helping our customers protect what matters most. That’s why we’re a leader in next-generation cybersecurity—and why more than half of the Fortune 100 trust us as a security partner. The Role Our Order Entry Team is a key player to the service we provide our customers. In this position of Order Entry Administrator, you will be working closely with the Order Entry team to send invoices, manage executed contracts, and maintain customer files. This is an entry-level position with many opportunities for growth. Your day-to-day Sending invoices Processing credit card payments Manage executed contracts Daily scanning/filing of customer paperwork Additional administrative tasks, as needed What you bring to the team Prior administrative experience Ability to communicate effectively with a strong sense of teamwork Ability to work in a high-pressure environment Self-motivated with a knack for being meticulous, detail oriented, and organized Must have strong people/customer service skills Are meticulous with details and a high level of organization Solid MS Office and Computer Skills Why Proofpoint As a customer focused and driven-to-win organization with leading edge products, there are many exciting reasons to join the Proofpoint team. We believe in hiring the best the brightest and cultivating a culture of collaboration and appreciation. As we continue to grow and expand globally, we understand that hiring the right people and treating them well is key to our success! We are a multi-national company with locations in 10 countries, with each location contributing to Proofpoint’s amazing culture! LI-JR1