About Aaptiv Aaptiv is the fastest growing mobile fitness product on the market with a community of nearly 200,000 members and is backed by leading venture capital firms and top companies, including the Amazon Alexa Fund and Disney. With a mission to empower everyone to live a healthier life, Aaptiv has transformed the way people exercise and train through its innovative audio fitness classes. Every Aaptiv class combines the guiding voice of an expert Aaptiv trainer with motivating music by top artists in every genre. Aaptiv members have unlimited, on-demand access to over 2,500 classes and structured programs across every type of exercise and a wide variety of activities, including running, strength-training, yoga, indoor cycling, meditation, and more. Want to join Team Aaptiv? We're looking for team members who are passionate about building a world-class fitness experience. There are over 80 million Americans who value fitness - and we believe every one of them should be an Aaptiv user. About the Role We’re looking for a Business Analyst who will play a critical role in key decisions that directly drive the company’s direction. Think of it as a client engagement that actually matters. Within this role, you'll have extremely high visibility to the strategy and performance of a fast-growing New York startup, while working closely with the CRO. You'll have the opportunity to develop an in-depth understanding of how a successful start-up operates, and your work will often be presented directly to the leadership team, as well as other key decision makers. You'll be instrumental in helping adapt Aaptiv’s strategy through detailed financial modeling and analytical work. What You’ll Do Build financial models on a variety of strategic company initiatives Analyze and interpret both internal and external data, and make it actionable for business purposes Find ways to influence revenue growth via deep marketing analytics Help with various other analytical needs, often on short notice Gain exposure to executive level decision making Who You Are Bachelor’s Degree 1-3 years experience as Business Analyst, Financial Analyst, or in similar role 1+ years hands-on, practical use of SQL 1+ years hands-on, practical use of Excel Passion to learn a business from the inside out and propel its growth Comfort with and aptitude for critically analyzing large quantities of data Strength at distilling data into actionable insights to drive business results Ability to work with a high degree of urgency without sacrificing attention to detail Ability to clearly articulate and defend analytical findings It is the policy of Aaptiv to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Aaptiv will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.