We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the Role Democratize machine learning at Uber! You'll be responsible for ensuring that internal teams across Uber are successful developing and deploying machine learning systems to production with our ML platform Michelangelo. This means making sure Michelangelo is the best ML platform in the industry and that our internal ML community is strong and productive. What You ’ ll Do Use data to ship machine learning infrastructure and platform features that translate into scalable and global business impact Deeply engage with Uber’s data science community to form relationships, understand their needs and plans Manage ML infrastructure and platform roadmap and strategy to drive business impact Drive a vision and strategy for the development and evolution of general and domain-specific ML platforms and systems at Uber Clearly communicate plans, insights, data and results to a spectrum of audiences including executives, other product teams, cross-functional teams such as data science and analysts, and other decision-makers across Uber Monitor and measure launched products and feed insights back into product development process Evangelize machine learning within a global organization Collaborate with ML research to make state-of-the-art ML research accessible to all data scientists within Uber through Michelangelo (e.g. new algorithms, training techniques, data visualizations, etc. What You ’ ll Need A theoretical and applied understanding of machine learning Experience working with data infrastructure and distributed systems Great stakeholder management skills Great communication skills Great analytical ability, product intuition, and judgement Minimum of 4 years of product experience with technical products