Overview Cures Start Here. At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, home to three Nobel laureates, interdisciplinary teams of world-renowned scientists seek new and innovative ways to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and other life-threatening diseases. Fred Hutch’s pioneering work in bone marrow transplantation led to the development of immunotherapy, which harnesses the power of the immune system to treat cancer. An independent, nonprofit research institute based in Seattle, Fred Hutch houses the nation’s first cancer prevention research program, as well as the clinical coordinating center of the Women’s Health Initiative and the international headquarters of the HIV Vaccine Trials Network. Careers Start Here. The Database Administrator III works closely with customers and peers to troubleshoot complex technical problems and ensure the smooth operations of database servers, databases and applications. The DBA III is responsible for maintaining data integrity and protecting against data loss. Responsibilities Under general guidance, the Database Administrator III is expected to perform a range of complex assignments and projects that have few established solutions. S/he is expected to provide solutions to unique and complex problems, to contribute to process improvements within the database team, and to act as a resource and mentor for less experienced colleagues. The DBA III has in-depth knowledge of database and application administration, and is expected to be the subject matter expert in one or more areas. Application support is limited to: Tier 2 support for customer applications; Tier 3 support for customized applications; and Tier 3 and backup support for enterprise applications. This position may perform some or all of the following responsibilities: Serve as technical lead for large and complicated projects to provide new or improved database services. Install, configure, maintain and decommission database servers, databases, and customer/customized applications. This includes initial installations, upgrades, patching and migrations for on-prem and cloud implementations. Troubleshoot complex issues with database platforms, databases, and customer applications. Design and deliver formal and informal presentations on a variety of technical topics to peers and colleagues. Lead hardware/software evaluations for databases servers and database platforms. Lead the technical evaluation of customer applications for CIT. Participate in the technical evaluation of enterprise applications. Contribute to efforts to improve processes and meet strategic goals, both within the DBA team and across multi-disciplinary groups. Fulfill day-to-day operational tasks associated with database and application support. Design and implement scripts to perform ETL. Provide 24/7 support for mission critical applications and databases on a rotating basis. This is limited to database platforms, databases and customer applications. Serve as backup 24/7 support for the Enterprise Applications Architect. Monitor and report on database and application usage and availability. Ensure proper database monitoring, alerting and response. Control and limit database access in compliance with data security policies and best practices to maintain data integrity. Monitor database servers and queries for high performance. Create technical documentation and diagrams that are comprehensive and understandable. Comply with departmental processes, such as change management, problem management or incident management Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Professional Skills Ability to analyze and provide creative, innovative solutions for complex technical problems. Proven track record of coaching and mentoring team members. Practice personal improvement through continuous professional and technical education and training. Demonstrate excellent customer service relationship building. Ability to interact successfully and communicate clearly. Must exercise a high degree of discretion and judgment, when dealing with customers, vendors, and other Fred Hutch staff. Promote a positive and safe work environment. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's Degree, preferably in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field; or equivalent work experience. 7+ years of experience in a technical position with querying experience and SQL exposure with increasing responsibilities. Strong knowledge of SQL and server administration. Experience with Cloud based computing such as Microsoft Azure and/or AWS. Solid analytical troubleshooting and problem solving skills. Able to work cooperatively and establish positive working relationships with cross-functional teams, including customer service, system and storage administrators, and networking technicians. Reliable self-starter who can work independently or as a member of a team. Strong organizational, interpersonal, communication (written and verbal), and presentation skills. Demonstrated ability to understand the long-term impact of choices and communicate those to others. Our Commitment to Diversity We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and VEVRAA Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at escmail@fredhutch.org or by calling 206-667-4700.