Position Overview: To coordinate all internal Molex quality activities and communications for assigned customer products initially and for additional Strategic customers in the future with all Molex entities producing components and assemblies for these customers. External communication & coordination with customer, suppliers, sub-contractors, EMS, ODM and CMs as required to ensure consistent quality performance and execution globally. Essential Functions: Coordinate with Datacom key account, Molex, & CM’s on QN’s, SQA, & Quality improvement. This includes, reviewing all quality data before submitting to customer and coordinating action if required. Evaluating all 8D’s provided to assigned customer in response to a QN. Securing customer approval on QN’s Molex wishes to close and for any change notices Serve as initial contact on quality issues from customer, or CM’s and always available by phone. Where necessary, assign specific customer concerns to the most appropriate Molex personnel & follow-up, provide global expediting for all assigned customer QN’s, and liaison with Molex operating entities and assigned customer locations on all quality issues and requirements. Provide coordination for completion & communication of action items to meet quality targets. Schedule & conduct quality communications meeting & calls with customer, CM’s, and within Molex. This also includes global coordination of quality related communications regarding assigned customers. Maintain & track performance on a global action item list for improving performance, customer scorecard management on quality related issues and link assigned customer scorecard results to Molex sites and follow-up on action plans. Also manage global quality performance reporting coordination & consolidation. Visit customer and Molex locations quarterly for pro-active reviews and attend regional and/or global meetings with customer. This may include participation in relationship building activities with assigned customer locations. Coordinate with plants globally for uniform action on all new products and change management for assigned customers. This includes, coordination of customer’s product/process qualification activities within Molex and its suppliers, and responsibility for the Molex Global Change Management process as it impacts products purchased by customer. Provide oversight and coordination within Molex in the following ways; ensure that quality lab certifications to meet assigned customer requirements, supplier quality engineer responsibilities with Molex suppliers, and quality engineering coordination with Molex entities. Also, coordinate lessons learned between entities. Regular project management responsibilities involving product transfers, qualifications and corrective actions. Participate on internal audit team for entities supplying assigned customers. Participates in all product and system audits for assigned customers in any Molex site. Standardize and coordinate consistent product qualifications per customer requirements. Oversee SAP quality data maintenance to ensure accuracy and procedural compliance. Understand, support and contribute to current Molex Total Quality Management (TQM), Six Sigma, International Standards Organization (ISO) and Environmental, and/or Health and Safety (EH&S;) Management Systems by following stated policies and procedures. Perform other related duties as assigned by management. Position Qualifications Required Qualifications: BSME or BSEE or BS in a business discipline . 7+ years of demonstrated experience in a quality role in a multi-site manufacturing environment. Previous experience managing a successful quality improvement process with multi-discipline. involvement (engineering, manufacturing, sales, etc.). Preferred Qualifications: MBA 3+ Years Participating as well as Leading Audits (ISO, IATF, Customer, Supplier, etc.) Advanced quality tools associated with Lean Six Sigma including DOE Skills & Abilities: Supplier quality management. Manufacturing quality management. Advance quality planning. Excellent communication and presentation skills. Effective coordination & project management skills. Action and results oriented. Knowledge of Lean Six Sigma Tools/Techniques for Problem Solving and Waste Elimination. Excellent collaboration skills _About Molex…_ _Molex brings together innovation and technology to deliver electronic solutions to customers worldwide. With a presence in more than 40 countries, Molex offers a full suite of solutions and services for many markets, including data communications, consumer electronics, industrial, automotive, commercial vehicle and medical._