Are you interested in learning and growing each day? Join us, and unleash your potential while delivering value-centric solutions for one of the world's most recognized brands in the entertainment Industry. As our team builds and supports new applications at a rapid pace, we are looking for a Solutions Architect to work onsite in Glendale or Anaheim, CA. The Solutions Architect will be responsible for the solution architecture and design, as well as delivery estimates, coordinate with architects and designers from various disciplines (solution, infrastructure, data/information) to define the most effective solution to business problems, while also leveraging their knowledge of existing systems and services and the capabilities available in the marketplace. Responsibilities: The Solution Architect will partner with delivery, production support and shared services partners (e.g., Quality Assurance, Infrastructure Engineering, Reference Architecture etc.) to ensure alignment of the solution approach and estimates with each stakeholder. The individual will also work with various business stakeholders in problem solving, creating business capabilities, and defining effective and efficient technology solutions for solving business problems and enabling business capabilities. The successful candidate requires technical knowledge and skills that are broad and deep, covering various hardware, software, and platforms. The candidate must be comfortable operating in complex heterogeneous technology environments, and have experience with highly integrated and mission critical solutions. The candidate must possess the ability to share and communicate ideas clearly, both orally and in writing, to business sponsors and partners, technical resources, and executives, in clear concise language that is the effective for each respective group. Partner with Technology Planning team, Digital Product owners, business partners, and others to understand scope / context of proposed projects, and to define non-functional requirements. Document solution architecture with appropriate diagrams and other deliverables, ensuring the soundness of the architecture meeting all architectural “-ilities” as defined in the NFRs (Performance, Security, Availability, Supportability, etc.). Create delivery estimates at various stages during funding process, within prescribed service level agreements, leveraging Technology partners (Delivery teams, Engineering Excellence teams, etc.) and business partners as appropriate: ROM (Rough Order of Magnitude) – completed within 10 business days or less, with ~50% level of confidence Scope – completed within ~6 weeks or less, ~80% level of confidence Identify key systems and decompose into capabilities and interfaces, especially where documentation may be lacking. Participate in RFI/RFP processes as necessary to assess technical capabilities of vendors. Define strategic technology roadmaps for ~2-3 years within the respective domain. Skills: Mobile (native, hybrid) and web System level integrations Services (REST, SOAP, etc.), eventing, etc. Cloud Containers (e.g., Docker) Estimation processes Key Domains: Food & Beverage including Point of Sale, mobile ordering, reservations & table management, etc. Merchandise / Retail including Point of Sale, mobile ordering, Order Management System, eCommerce Supply Chain & Logistics Lodging Technology Additional Responsibilities: Participate in OrangePeople monthly team meetings, and participate in team building efforts. Contribute to OrangePeople technical discussions, peer reviews, etc. Contribute content and collaborate via the OP-Wiki/Knowledge Base. Provide status reports to OP Account Management as requested About us : Orange People is an Enterprise Architecture and Project Management solutions company. Our most valuable asset is our people: dynamic, creative thinkers who are passionate about doing quality work. As a member of the Orange People team you will have access to industry-leading consulting practices, strategies & technologies, innovative training & education. An ideal Orange Person is a technology leader with a proven track record of technical achievements and strong process/methodology orientation.