Under direction of Information Services or designee, responsible for the day- to-day oversight of the data collection and data management operations for Homeless Services; which is the Homeless Management Information System (HMIS). Provide technical assistance to the Homeless Services programs on data collection, data management and reporting, analysis of program data for management reporting purposes and development and implementation of quality assurance strategies. Support and assist with the development and design of data collection instruments, reporting design and development, program-based data analysis, and collaborate with program directors and managers on data related projects and supervision of data staff. Responsible for training data entry staff for data quality and control; assures timely and accurate production & dissemination of automated reports from the information systems as required by mandate or by request. Work with homeless staff at the programs to monitor data and produces Data Quality Reports as well as any other funding-based reports (such as monthly reports, quarterly reports and APR's for grants). Various additional reports will be requested on an "as needed" basis to assess program service delivery to help the bureau director and other program directors better understand and provide for the needs of the participants they serve. Provide technical assistance to Homeless Services programs with analysis of program data for administrative reporting purposes and with development of data collection instruments; provides technical assistance for grant proposal development. Provides technical assistance in the creation of system documentation. Assists in assuring confidentiality of client information, implementation of new technologies for electronic data interchange. Work in collaboration with the IS team to ensure compliance with application and data warehousing standards already in place across the commission. Manage user accounts and access control. Organize frequent meetings with ETO super-users in HS programs, with the goal of sharing HMIS news, strategies and best practices further to ensuring compliance with HUD and other funders data requirements. Understands data requirements from City Homeless Services Leadership Team and assists in the implementation of the collection of new data sets as needed. Acts as liaison between Homeless Services and the IS Department. Uses independent judgment and discretion to make decisions affecting the department and staff as it relates to unit operations/services and BPHC policy. Make and recommend management and personnel decisions for, including but not limited to promotion, transfer and assignment of staff, and imposition of discipline Represent the HMIS department in a professional manner in all contacts with representatives of other agencies and the City of Boston. Works in a confidential capacity. Operates independently. Uses independent judgment and discretion to make decisions affecting the department and staff as it relates to unit operations/services and BPHC policy. Participate in on-call coverage as required. Performs other duties as required.