Join our team and experience Workday! It's fun to work in a company where people truly believe in what they're doing. At Workday, we're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business of enterprise applications. We work hard, and we're serious about what we do. But we like to have a good time, too. In fact, we run our company with that principle in mind every day: One of our core values is fun. Job Description Join our team and experience Workday! It's fun to work in a company where people truly believe in what they're doing. At Workday, we're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business of enterprise applications. We work hard, and we're serious about what we do. But we like to have a good time, too. In fact, we run our company with that principle in mind every day: One of our core values is fun. The Senior Technology Consultant is a member of Workday’s Professional Services organization focused on the implementation of our Human Resources, Financial Management, and Student Information Systems cloud-based software. This role works closely with the client’s project team to design, develop and deploy solutions for one or more of the following focal areas: Integrations, Data Conversions, Reporting and Analytics. Focal Areas: Integrations : Have knowledge of core design principals, common integration patterns, customer facing experience, and a successful track record of delivering. Strong understanding of technical data conversion and integration issues (HCM, Financials or Student Information Systems); can efficiently resolve issues and communicate solutions to the customer and internal teams. Data Conversion: Focus on highly strategic data conversion designs and execution of data loads via various integration products, tools, and services to ensure the successful deployment of our customers’ data into the Workday tenant. Reporting and Analytics: The Reporting and Analytics Consultant works closely with the client's project team to determine reporting needs and best practices. This role is responsible for creating not only quality data display but insightful analysis and evaluation reporting solutions. Activities include gathering specifications, deliverable management, advanced and composite report building, and data analysis. About You Strong working knowledge of modern software technologies Ability to design, develop, and deploy end to end integration data conversion and reporting solutions Experience customer facing project work Significant technical experience working with Human Resource, Financial Management, or Student Information Systems A successful track record of delivering results and customer satisfaction _._ Innovative in approach to development and issue resolution Ability to contribute to multiple projects and initiatives simultaneously. Deliver results on assigned schedules to ensure project timelines are met. Contribute to the customers’ experience in a way that results in high customer satisfaction Ability to work in a diverse, fast paced environment and effectively collaborate across teams Team player who will work across the organization and company to continue improving the way we serve our customers Capability to mentor and share best practices with customers and team members. Capability to mentor and share best practices with less senior team members. Required Skills: 10+ years of experience in a customer facing role implementing Workday, SAP, Oracle, PeopleSoft or similar applications 10+ years building integrations, data conversion or reporting solutions Ability to work with ETL Software, Web Services, XML / XSLT, Microsoft Excel Understanding of data modeling concepts with ability to manipulate data using software tools Strong technical problem-solving skills with an ability to troubleshoot complex issues Exceptional research skills and resourcefulness Good verbal and written communication skills Quick learner, motivated to understand new technologies used at Workday Strong planning, scheduling and organization skills Ability to work in a fast-paced, high-growth and high-energy environment Effectively manages and drives multiple activities concurrently Team player with successful experience collaborating and communicating effectively with multiple stakeholders (developers, technical operations, customers) Ability to travel (approx. 50%) Preferred Skills: Experience developing Integrations, Data migrations and Advanced Reports Programming experience Java, C or similar language expertise Web service, XML, XSLT expertise Experience in Higher Education or State / Local Government Functional application experience in HCM, Financials or Student Information Systems Experience with Data Analytics/big data LI-GS1 Additional Resources: _Workday Integration Cloud Overview:_ _http://www.workday.com/resources/integration_cloud.php_ Workday's Approach to Integrations: (blog) http://blogs.workday.com/workdays-approach-to-integrations-part-1/ http://blogs.workday.com/workdays-approach-to-integrations-part-2/