Veritiv has an expansive North American network with more than 180 locations, and we do business with more than half of the Fortune 500. We're a big company, but we’re also a new company, shaping our systems and processes to support a successful and sustainable future. We don't just encourage an entrepreneurial spirit, we embody it. Are you looking to join a company where you feel empowered in your work and your job is not just a job, but a path toward a rewarding and successful career? Do you want to be part of a company that customers and suppliers not only want to do business with but need to do business with? If you answered yes, then Veritiv might be the place for you. We encourage you to learn about and apply to Veritiv if you seek a unique work experience, where diverse ideas are met with enthusiasm, and where you can realize your full potential. Veritiv has an expansive North American network with more than 180 locations, and we do business with more than half of the Fortune 500. We're a big company, but we’re also a new company, shaping our systems and processes to support a successful and sustainable future. We don't just encourage an entrepreneurial spirit, we embody it. Are you looking to join a company where you feel empowered in your work and your job is not just a job, but a path toward a rewarding and successful career? Do you want to be part of a company that customers and suppliers not only want to do business with but need to do business with? If you answered yes, then Veritiv might be the place for you. We encourage you to learn about and apply to Veritiv if you seek a unique work experience, where diverse ideas are met with enthusiasm, and where you can realize your full potential. Position Description This role is responsible for facilitating the Continuous Improvement Program (“CIP”) across local operations with the goal of improving productivity across transportation and warehousing activities. Key responsibilities include; assist local operators to identify and execute productivity improvement ideas, train others on the program, monitor progress and intervene when needed, and work across functions to rally and lead teams in order to solve problems. Job Responsibilities : Lead CIP training and support activities with the goal of improving employee engagement. Facilitate CIP across local operations and act as a mentor and change agent for leadership, supervisors, and front line personnel. Identify opportunities for continuous improvement and prioritize improvement ideas with the management team. Lead or assist projects from idea generation to execution with the goal of improving productivity and optimizing the transportation and warehousing network. Provide strategic insight and evaluation of the organization’s progress. Assist local teams with analytical tools in the areas of routing, customer stratification, equipment utilization, warehouse slotting, etc… Develop working relationships with operations, customer service, supply chain and other teams that results in streamlining processes and procedures. Rally cross functional project teams (may include local operators, customer service, supply chain, IT etc…) and resolve complex operational issues resulting in efficiencies. Assist the field and operations teams in achieving operational excellence by helping to resolve problems. Assist in designing new procedures and methods for operational processes. Provide technical and operational recommendations in meeting CIP objectives. Ability to direct multiple projects simultaneously. Training others on the CI Program. Must be flexible, and deadline driven. Team player able to work effectively at all levels of an organization with the ability to influence others to move toward consensus. Must have good written, listening and verbal communication skills and be able to communicate with all levels of the organization. Strong presence with customers and excellent presentation skills. A broad, enterprise-wide view of the business and varying degrees of appreciation for strategy, processes and capabilities, enabling technologies, and governance preferred. MS Office Suite (Excel, Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Visio). Strong situational analysis and decision making abilities. Although travel may often be infrequent, willingness to travel up to 75% of the time is required. Qualifications / Knowledge & Experience: BA/BS in Business, Engineering or related discipline preferred. 2 to 5 years of operations experience in a distribution/manufacturing environment, or, similar experience with a focus on improving operational effectiveness through a combination of training, technology, and/or project management. Experience with Lean/Continuous Improvement Programs including but not limited to Six Sigma/Kaizen/Total Quality Management and, related techniques such as SIPOC a plus. Strong experience and demonstrated proven successes in continuous improvement projects with proven cost savings and bottom line profitability. Lean Six Sigma Certificate, Lean Enterprise Institute Certificate, or similar continuous improvement a plus. Willing to relocate in the future. Veritiv is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Individuals seeking employment are considered without regards to race, ethnicity, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, age, disability, gender identity or expression, genetic information, national origin, protected veteran status or any other classification protected by law. Additionally, Veritiv will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with Veritiv’s legal duty to furnish information. If you would like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant, please click here: http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf