Overview: Wells Fargo technology teams drive innovation to create a more powerful and fulfilling financial experience for our customers and team members. You will join more than 24,000 team members supporting 95 billion transactions annually in 10 countries. Our career opportunities span the technology spectrum: advanced analytics, big data, information security, application development, cloud enablement, project management and more. SUCCESS PROFILE Check out the top traits we're looking for and see if you have the right mix. Additional related traits listed below. Analytical Detail-oriented Insightful Inventive Problem Solver Curious Benefits Wells Fargo wants to help you get more out of life and take care of things outside the office to make life a little easier. We provide: Medical, Dental and Vision Employer Matching 401(k) Tuition Reimbursment Maternity and Paternity Leave Paid Time Off Responsibilties Job Description Wells Fargo Enterprise Information Technology (EIT) At Wells Fargo, technology is at the heart of what enables us to satisfy our more than 75 million global customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. The EIT group provides strategic technology-based products, services, and governance for our enterprise business units. EIT helps customers conduct an average of 95 million transactions each day through in- branch, online, ATM, and telephone transactions, delivering a true One Wells Fargo experience and ensuring their security, regardless of the channel. Altogether, EIT draws on the talents and motivation of thousands of technology team members across the enterprise, managing worldwide technology and making EIT a competitive advantage for Wells Fargo. EIT Consumer Lending Technology Overview Within EIT, Consumer Lending Technology (CLT) delivers technology solutions designed to secure customer data, enhance the customers’ experience, and meet regulatory requirements for the Consumer Lending Group. CLT provides end-to- end system development and integration, along with technology and production support. EIT Auto Services is responsible for directing and controlling all application development activities for Wells Fargo’s Indirect and Direct Auto Services, a leading national auto lender and a strategic line of business for the enterprise. The group manages a large number of mission and business- critical systems across multiple data centers. Position Overview The Auto Services Technology Leader / Technology Development Sr. Mgr. 2 (TDSM2) is accountable for assuring systems function appropriately to enable Wells Fargo Auto Services to implement their strategies to manage growth, operate at increasing efficiencies, and manage regulatory change. This includes directing and controlling all application development activities, project analysis/management, and production support efforts for multiple, complex applications. The systems for which the position is accountable houses a significant portion of the bank’s balance sheet assets. This person will play an immense role in the alignment of business strategy with IT strategy and will assess the impact of new and emerging technology. The scope includes leading technology strategic roadmap discussions, automation and most importantly, risk and regulatory compliance of managed applications. This technology leader is a vital influencer and stakeholder in the strategy engagement and process re-engineering for large scaled technology modernization initiatives and heavily impacts business direction, priority, and functions. Position Responsibilities and Expected Outcomes Ultimately responsible for application design, development, testing, installation, architecture, maintenance, security and BCP planning and implementation, and production support for all applicationsManage an overall team of 200+ and continue workforce and location strategy buildout. Partner with line of business leaders, understanding their needs, and drive technology/application decisions to fully support their business initiatives. Provide strategic and operational guidance to applications analysis/programming management in alignment with business objectives. Responsible for the development of design and quality control standards, ensuring compliance and adherence to audit and compliance to meet information services objectives. Responsible for risk and compliance of managed applications, with decisions impacting a large customer base as we merge the Direct and Indirect Auto lines of Business. Simplify the overall system application platforms and update the technology to be current with vulnerabilities, End of Life, as well as aligned with the overall Enterprise Architecture vision. Interface with executive and senior-level business leaders and partner with them to plan tactical and strategic technology solutions to meet their initiatives. Required Qualifications 12+ years of application development and implementation experience 7+ years of management experience in technology Desired Qualifications Experience effectively interacting with a variety of contacts, primarily with others at the executive level Experience managing all application development efforts within a medium-size line of business Other Desired Qualifications Demonstrated expertise in leading enterprise technology functions within consumer lending, with auto experience highly preferred Knowledge of the large, complex lending ecosystem (auto, home, etc.) Experience in technology automation, including audit reporting/controls in response to regulatory requirements Demonstrated experience in building, leading, developing and retaining a high-performing team, including workforce strategy, in an environment that achieves results through team member engagement and satisfaction. Ability to effectively influence, drive and lead change in an organization with Wells Fargo’s scale and complexity. Demonstrated ability to build relationships and partnerships across a diverse set of IT leaders, business partners and Line of business leaders Experience leading across diverse constituents to develop technology strategy, operating model & roadmaps with clear objectives and aligned with business, enterprise and EIT strategies. Excellent communication skills across multiple levels ranging from individual contributors to senior leadership, in both technology and line of business settings. Demonstrated experience with project management methodologies, processes and tools. Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.