About the role As a Software Engineer, you will have the opportunity to be part of digital transformation while being surrounded by people who are passionate about building modern applications that leverage the industry’s leading technologies. You will learn our client’s business, organization, systems, challenges and goals, and then utilize that knowledge to work with a team to deliver exceptional results. Your responsibilities will be: Consistently develop and deliver high-quality, low-defect features on schedule. Collaborate with your team to design new and enhanced features. Provide recommendations on, and implement technologies to achieve goals. Meet with clients to understand requirements and create solutions to meet objectives. Maintain and enhance code integrity, security, data protection and quality. Be part of an active community of knowledgeable members to share your technical expertise and learn from their experiences. Potentially work part-time or full-time at your client’s site, including travel, as needed. About you You enjoy solving problems and providing solutions in a collaborative environment. Keeping an open mind, you explore technologies that solve challenges and offer quality solutions to clients. You work in an agile environment that continuously promotes growth, knowledge and drive to success. You have experience with a large portion of the following technologies: Web Development with HTML5 and JavaScript using Single Page Application Frameworks such as Angular, React, Polymer and Knockout. Responsive/adaptive interfaces using technologies like Bootstrap and Foundation. Data storage technologies such as MSSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Azure Cosmos DB and Azure SQL. Services and applications leveraging .NET Core, NodeJS, ASP.NET MVC, C and JavaScript. Design with a highly available, cloud first mentality which leverages reusable components and microservice architectures. Cloud technologies to bring next-gen AI into applications. You have a Computer Science degree or equivalent, with strong development fundamentals, including SOLID design principles, Object Oriented Programming and Test-Driven Development. _Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status)._ About Avanade Avanade leads in providing innovative digital services, business solutions and design-led experiences for its clients, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Our professionals combine technology, business and industry expertise to build and deploy solutions to realize results for clients and their customers. Avanade has 27,000 digitally connected people across 23 countries, bringing clients the best thinking through a collaborative culture that honors diversity and reflects the communities in which we operate. We welcome all, and seek talented individuals who can bring their whole self to work, build inclusive teams and encourage diversity inside and outside the organization. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation. Learn more at www.avanade.com Qualifications Years of Experience: 2-5 years Management Experience: None Education: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, MIS or related field Other Skills/Knowledge: Testing, requirements gathering, and project management experience desirable but not required Required Certifications: Requisition ID - 53411 Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.com.