The Regional Program Manager for Latin America contributes to the success of REI Adventures through the strategic management of a regional adventure travel program assortment, designing and managing unique adventure travel programs operated through an international and/or domestic vendor network and marketed through REI. You will serve as a subject matter expert on adventure travel, develop strategic assortment plans, build and manage vendor relationships, design new programs, and drive the program quality assurance process, maximizing customer satisfaction, sustainable tourism efforts, sales, and profitability. Here are some of the key areas of responsibilities. Strategic Assortment Planning & Program Development Work with the Manager, Program Development and Operations to recommend, develop and create regional assortment strategies. Recruit, screen, select, and on-board new vendors in compliance with REI Adventures’ standards. Formulate new product recommendations including destination selection, program type, activity, activity level, target net cost and retail price, and initial sales forecasts. Quality Assurance & Sustainability Manage and execute the formal quality assurance process for all programs in assigned regions, including customer satisfaction, program quality, sales, profitability, and sustainability assessment and reporting. Set goals and evaluate vendor progress toward enhancing customer satisfaction, program quality, and sustainability. Identify creative and innovative solutions to enhance program quality, uniqueness, and sustainability Financial Management and Planning Create strategic financial planning documents outlining regional growth goals, inventory requirements, and financial/profitability goals within assigned regions. Develop sales forecasts based on objectives, past performance and company guidance Negotiate with vendors for best net costs, terms, discounts, sales and marketing support. Emergency On-Call Support Required to be on-call and respond to REI Adventure’s emergency phone calls when scheduled Responds appropriately to urgent customer and field partner questions, issues, and situations. Use sound judgment and decision-making to positively affect the welfare of guests and the business needs of REI Adventures in situations potentially involving serious illness or injury. Bring your passion and expertise 5+ years of product development experience in the adventure travel, wholesale travel, tourism, or outdoor education industry Ability to analyze and present data, summarize findings, share insights and propose recommendations Strong written and verbal communication skills Highly developed negotiation skills Ability to travel extensively and independently both internationally and within the U.S. Bachelor’s degree in Business, Recreation Management, Tourism or closely related field, or equivalent work experience Comprehensive understanding of MS Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Outlook Strong ability to initiate and build business relationships with global vendor network Strong understanding of financial information and budget management Why you'll love it here _Real. Alive. Connected._ These are a few words that describe life at REI. Whether it’s in our careers or in the great outdoors, we aspire to adventure in all ways! At REI we value our customers; we work hard to earn our reputation for quality and integrity every day. Our commitment remains the same as when we started out in 1938: to inspire, educate and outfit for a lifetime of outdoor adventure. Join a passionate community of people who believe in one simple truth: an outdoor life is a life well-lived. Get ready to harness your creativity, customer focus and enthusiasm for living life outdoors—we can’t wait to meet you!