If you’re looking to apply your robotics knowledge to challenging problems that will stretch your ability to engineer and design complex systems, join Formlabs as a Robotics Engineer. We’re working to reinvent additive manufacturing and enable designers, engineers, researchers, health practitioners and artists all around the world. At Formlabs, you can apply an interdisciplinary approach to solving technically hard problems. Inexpensive sensors, thoughtful software, and clever mechanical design allow us to build 3D printers that are much more capable and accessible than what has been possible before. Sit at the intersection of many engineering disciplines to make our 3D printers work seamlessly. Use your experience and skills at making complex systems work to research, develop, design and ship 3D printers. You will write software for precise motion control and sensor readings, making sound design decisions about mechanisms and software to allow Formlabs to move quickly and develop systems faster. A portfolio/website is strongly encouraged for this role The Job: Engineer electro-mechanical systems for 3D printers Write software, build electronics, and design mechanisms Work at the intersection of many disciplines to make complicated systems function smoothly You: 3+ years of industry experience Experience working on multi-disciplinary engineering products Experience working with sensors, motors and other electro-mechanical systems Fluent in mechanical design, electrical systems and software Experience in using Python or a similar language to analyze data and control electro-mechanical systems Our Perks: Flexible Vacation Generous premium coverage for medical, dental, and vision plans Paid parental leave Commuter benefits Unlimited 3D prints We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Even if you don't check every box, but see yourself contributing, please apply. Help us build an inclusive community that will change the face of 3D printing.