Overview / Responsibilities Cape Software is currently recruiting a Summer Intern to join our simulation group in Houston, TX. This can be a remote assignment if the candidate is willing to work in The Woodlands, with one of our simulation engineers. This is an opportunity to work alongside one of our engineers and provide assistance with the daily tasks of a simulation engineer. This would typically include: Key Responsibilities: Using programming skills, create tools and apps to help with data conversion which may otherwise be done manually. Use the VP Link software to configure graphics and simulation configurations. Use the scripting language of VP Link to automatically create user interfaces from other control system graphics configuration. Test databases for validity Be available on a daily basis to stay up-to-date with the progress of the mentor. Offer alternative methods of execution based on knowledge gained recently in school. Accompany the mentor to the job site and support the customer interaction. Skills / Qualifications Currently enrolled in an Engineering Program with one of the following majors. Chemical Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or Mechanical Engineering Available to work in Houston office or remotely in The Woodlands Excellent communication skills, with demonstrated ability to follow instructions Self-motivated with the ability to make suggestions on execution or improvements to process Company Overview Wood is a global leader in the delivery of project, engineering and technical services to energy and industrial markets. We operate in more than 60 countries, employing around 55,000 people, with revenues of around $10 billion. We provide performance driven solutions throughout the asset life cycle, from concept to decommissioning across a broad range of industrial markets including the upstream, midstream and downstream oil & gas, power & process, environment and infrastructure, clean energy, mining, nuclear and general industrial sectors. We strive to be the best technical services company to work with, work for and invest in. www.woodplc.com Diversity Statement We are an equal opportunity employer that recognises the value of a diverse workforce. All suitably qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment on the basis of objective criteria and without regard to the following (which is a non-exhaustive list): race, colour, age, religion, gender, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or other characteristics in accordance with the relevant governing laws.