At Raytheon, we aspire to be the most admired defense and aerospace systems supplier through world-class people and technology. Raytheon SAS designs, develops, produces and supports a vast array of electro- optical/infrared sensors, active electronically scanned array/scanning radars, and various integrated systems solutions to provide customers with actionable information for strike, persistent surveillance, and special mission applications. These best-in-class systems perform detection, identification, tracking, targeting, navigation, weather, and situational awareness tasks from a variety of airborne platforms including maritime, littoral and overland patrol aircraft, unmanned aerial systems, and other tactical, attack and transport rotary and fixed wing aircraft. Raytheon radar products are deployed by every branch of the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, and several other government, commercial and international customers. This position supports a new airborne radar program that will be executed out of the Raytheon Dallas location. The position involves the adaption of a complex radar software code base from a ground based platform to an airborne platform. In addition to the modification of the existing code base, new software functionality/capabilities will be added in order to meet program specific requirements. This positon will provide software architecture expertise and technical leadership to the team. The successful candidate must be able to quickly understand the existing code base, apply customer specific requirements, and development a software system level vision and architecture to accomplish program goals. The software will be developed using the Agile Scrum methodology. U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position will require the ability to access US only data systems. U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position needs an active U.S. Security Clearance as of day one of employment. Required Skills: 10+ years of experience with Radar Software Development. Bachelor’s of Science degree (B.S.) in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field. Experienced Software Architect or Software Systems Engineer. Ability to provide cross discipline and customer coordination of system requirements and design Existing DoD secret clearance with ability to obtain required program SAR clearance (Last clearance investigation should be 6 years or less) U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position needs an active U.S. Security Clearance as of day one of employment. Desired Skills: Real time embedded development experience using C++. Good written and verbal communication skills. Radar signal processing or sensor control experience. Cyber, AT, and/or EP experience. DO178 experience. Experience integrating software on large complex programs. Experience with Agile Development Methodologies. This position has been approved for Relocation Assistance. 120876BR 120876 Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.