The solutions architect is accountable for proactively and holistically leading or supporting EA activities for creating deliverables that guide the organization towards achieving targeted business outcomes in the context of the program/project initiative. Solutions include systems (including applications, technologies, processes and information), shared infrastructure services and shared application services. Solutions architects provide the necessary leadership, analysis and design tasks related to the development of an enterprise's solutions architecture. This individual creates deliverables that help develop a direction for managing the organization's portfolio of "to be" and "as is" solutions — including systems (meaning not just applications, but also processes and information), shared infrastructure services, and shared application services and components to better match targeted business outcome objectives. How you will make an impact: Understand business drivers and business capabilities (future and current state), and determine corresponding enterprise system designs and change requirements to drive the organization's targeted business outcomes. Solution Architect is responsible for finding the right-fit solution to the business capabilities and requirements and creating Solution architecture and design deliverable that addresses each of those needs comprehensively. Design and lead the implementation of a solutions architecture across a group of specific business applications or technologies based on enterprise business strategy, business capabilities and business requirements. Manage and develop the architecture for a broader scope of projects, working closely with application architects & lead developers that manage and design architecture for a single project or initiative. Provide consulting support to application architects within projects to ensure the project is aligned with the overall enterprise architecture. Monitor the current-state solution portfolio to identify deficiencies through aging of the technologies used by the application, or misalignment with business requirements. Understand technology trends and the practical application of existing, new, and emerging technologies to enable new and evolving business and operating models. Understand, advocate and augment the principles of information technology strategies. Analyze the business-IT environment (run, grow and transform the business) to detect critical deficiencies, and recommend solutions for improvement (systems of record, differentiation and innovation). Analyze the technology industry, competitors and market trends, and determine their potential impact on the enterprise. Define the principles, guidelines, standards and solution patterns to ensure solution decisions are aligned with the enterprise's future-state architecture vision. Design and direct the governance activities associated with ensuring solutions architecture assurance and compliance. Develop a roadmap for the evolution of the enterprise application portfolio from future to current state (as defined by the solutions architecture). Facilitate the evaluation and selection of software product standards and services, as well as the design of standard and custom software configurations. Consult with application and infrastructure development projects to fit systems or infrastructure to architecture, and identify when it is necessary to modify projects to accommodate the solutions architecture. Identify the organizational impact (for example, on skills, processes, structures or culture) and financial impact of the solutions architecture. Work closely with the program management office (PMO) or project management office to ensure the execution of plans corresponds with what is being promised. What we look for: Bachelor's degree in computer science, system analysis or a related study, or equivalent experience Minimum 12+ years of IT technology development experience Minimum of 4 years of architect experience leading at least two complex enterprise project/program initiatives Exposure to multiple, diverse technologies and processing environments Good understanding of strategic and new and emerging technology trends, and the practical application of existing, new and emerging technologies to new and evolving business and operating models Understanding of agile methods and processes, and capability of supporting agile project teams by providing advice and guidance on opportunities, impact and risks, taking account of technical and architectural debt Benefits & Perks 12 days starting vacation plus 11 holidays and your birthday off! Multiple medical insurance options: 100% paid or low cost premiums 100% paid dental insurance 100% paid vision insurance Onsite gym and/or gym discount and fitness incentive Culture of learning: substantial tuition reimbursement to improve your skills Career growth: we love promoting from within Strong commitment to work/life balance Technology allowance Social responsibility and volunteer opportunities If you think this sounds like you, let’s chat. We would love to tell you more! ABOUT Delta Dental As the first company to specialize in dental insurance, we are passionate about oral health and its importance to future generations. Our core purpose is the advancement of oral health care to our customers, partners and consumers through dental insurance programs and philanthropic efforts. We are part of the Delta Dental Plans Association, a network of companies that provides dental coverage to 74 million people in the U.S. Delta Dental of California, Delta Dental of New York, Inc., Delta Dental of Pennsylvania and Delta Dental Insurance Company, together with our affiliate companies, form one of the nation’s largest dental benefits delivery systems, covering 33 million enrollees. All of our companies are members, or affiliates of members, of the Delta Dental Plans Association, a network of 39 Delta Dental companies throughout the country. Delta Dental provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Delta Dental complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.