Plum is interested in talented, bright and experienced people who will help us achieve our goals. Our team is growing, and we actively review our database of candidates as we look to fill new roles. If you are sincerely interested in working with Plum, please include a cover letter with your resume and LinkedIn information to help us get to know you. We are an early stage, high growth company; no matter your role here, you will help build Plum into a new national financial services brand. RESPONSIBILITIES Your responsibilities will depend on your specific role. However, everyone at Plum is responsible for: Thinking of new ways to grow the business and improve the experience for our clients and partners Taking ownership of problems and working with others to solve them Delivering tangible results Helping others develop their skills and deliver their best work QUALIFICATIONS Demonstrated success in your field of expertise, with continuous progress in building your skills Track record of getting things done and delivering results, both as a leader and an individual contributor Ability to thrive in a fast-paced and high-growth startup environment with multiple and evolving responsibilities BS/BA as well as 5+ years of experience Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required Women and minorities are encouraged to apply BENEFITS Comprehensive on-site training at our headquarters in San Francisco Competitive package of base pay and early equity in a financial technology startup Generous health, dental and vision coverage for employees and family members, along with commuter pre-tax program Unlimited vacation. Opportunity to make a meaningful impact in the building of a company and culture Autonomy, flexibility and a flat corporate structure that gives you the opportunity for your direct input to be realized and put into action ABOUT PLUM Plum is a next generation financial technology company using data science and artificial intelligence to reimagine the $4 trillion U.S. commercial real estate market. Our goal is to transform the entire lending process and experience, cutting the time, difficulty and cost for lenders and borrowers. The team includes former senior leaders and talent from AIG, Goldman Sachs, KKR, McKinsey, PWC, Sony, and Wells Fargo. We have extensive experience with CRE sourcing, underwriting and funding processes, as well as deep networks of institutional financing channels. Our founder and CEO, Bill Fisher, has decades of experience building successful startup businesses including GetSmart.com, Xing and Trivago. In April 2018, Plum announced a Series B equity investment by the $35 billion hedge fund, Elliott Management. Plum’s Series A round in August 2015 was led by Renren Inc, who has backed other fintech companies including SoFi, LendingHome and Motif Investing. This followed an earlier seed investment by QED Investors, a pre-eminent VC firm led by the founders of Capital One, whose portfolio includes Prosper, Orchard and ApplePie Capital. We are located in the heart of San Francisco’s Financial District in an airy, industrial loft, close to all forms of public transportation.