Job Description: As a member of the T-Mobile Social Media team, this individual thrives in a fast paced, social-first environment. The ideal candidate will help deliver industry leading analytics to capture, analyze and translate social data into actionable business insights that the company needs to make real time decisions. T-Mobile is looking for a data enthusiast with the ability to provide high level and deep insights for the social media team. Responsibilities: Deliver reports on demand to identify trends within social in order to supply leadership with the data needed to change the industry. Monitor and report on T-Mobile SOV and relative position against competitors and leading brands in the social sphere. Create and deliver social marketing reports and insights to drive their business initiatives. Partner closely with the T-Force Customer Support, CRM and T-Mobile Consumer Insights teams to leverage and integrate social media data into a holistic view of the customer. Work closely with analysts as passionate as you are to insure the social media team is providing the most insightful and actionable data possible. Use your creativity and analytic skills to help determine social trends in earned consumer engagement as well as Brand campaign data. Qualifications: 1+ year creating and delivering social insights and listening analytics for an enterprise organization 1+ year operating in a fast paced, high volume, large corporation or agency; strong cross functional partnership experience. Analytical skills, including the ability to assimilate extensive amounts of detailed data and to see the big picture. Demonstrated experience translating data to insights and the ability to recognize trends and opportunities for the business. Ability to build close relationships with key stakeholders across the organization, as well as with key vendor partners. Attention to detail and the ability to effectively multi-task in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. Ability to clearly and effectively articulate insights and recommended actions. Strong levels of integrity, autonomy, and self-motivation Excellent analytical, organizational and time management skills. Proficient using MS Office Suite and core DB tools. Wireless or Mobile experience or detailed knowledge of the space is a plus. Command of the English language with the ability to decipher nuances in tone and slang. Education: Bachelor’s Degree in marketing, research, business, finance, engineering, statistics, communications or social sciences or related field – Or relative experience. Minimum Qualifications: • At least 18 years of age.• Legally authorized to work in the United States.• High School Diploma or GED.• Pre-employment background screen. Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice. T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.