Job Description The Business Intelligence Analyst will focus on the development of new BI, reporting, and analytics services, while providing support to our existing system. The goal will be to produce a first class reporting experience and analytic support to all business units and levels of the Engineering Enterprise. Build close partnerships with business stakeholders and assist in developing their business requirements and join and merge data sets independently and by working with other teams. BI analyst will summarize results and understand business processes. Your goal will be to help our company utilize data to make better decisions. Job Objectives Work with stakeholders throughout the engineering organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business decisions Mine and analyze data from engineering databases to drive process and reporting optimization and standardization Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques Develop and maintain reporting dashboards and scorecards Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze business services model performance and data accuracy Experience working with clients to understand business needs behind analytics and reporting requests Create functional requirements, design, delivery and maintain dashboards and tabular reporting in Power BI Supports the governance and project status review meetings. Manages Controls data via EPPM, SharePoint or any other approved EPMO systems and tools Adheres to Amtrak Enterprise Project Management methodology. Skills Required Strong math skills (e.g. statistics, algebra) Problem-solving aptitude Excellent communication and presentation skills Have experience creating BI reports based on inputs from variety of data sources. Have experience in integrating data sets from multiple systems in Power BI to develop analytics and reporting. Have 3 to 5 years of experience using Power BI, data analytics, MSSQL, Advanced Excel, Microsoft Office suite, and excellent written and presentation skills. BS/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field; graduate degree in Data Science or other quantitative field is preferred Preferred skills & work experience Strong written and verbal communication Excellent record keeping and ability to generate reproducible outcome Data access and transformation Data visualization using modern tools Knowledge of data governance processes and methodologies Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) practices Extracting data from documents