Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Atlanta, GA, USA; Cambridge, MA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; New York, NY, USA; Reston, VA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Salt Lake City, UT, USA Remote locations may be available in the following states: Arkansas, Indiana, Minnesota, Missouri, New Mexico, Ohio or Pennsylvania. When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products. In this role, you will work hand-in-hand with the Sales team to introduce Google Cloud to our customers. You will help prospective customers and partners understand the power of Google Cloud, explaining technical features and problem-solving any potential roadblocks. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Work with the team to identify and qualify business opportunities, identify key customer technical objections and develop the strategy to resolve technical blockers. Manage the technical relationship with Google’s customers, including managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of additional technical resources. Work hands-on with customers to demonstrate and prototype Google Cloud product integrations in customer/partner environments. Recommend integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud. Travel to customer sites, conferences, and other related events as required. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience. Experience serving in the capacity of a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team). Experience with Big Data, PaaS, and IaaS technologies. Experience presenting and delivering technical pitches. Preferred qualifications: Master's degree in Computer Science or other technical field. Experience with networking concepts including: routing, VPNs, load balancers, and firewalls. Experience in and understanding of data and information management - especially as it relates to big data trends and issues within businesses. Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems. Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.