Bulletin LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE OF EDUCATION ADMINISTRATIVE INTERN Application Deadline: 09/06/18 or until filled Definition: Under immediate supervision, participates as an intern performing administrative, logistical, and clerical duties for an enterprise business system implementation project. The project will expose interns to Human Resources, Payroll, Finance, and Budgeting data and information. There are 3 internship vacancies. Interns will be assigned to work up to 15 hours a week and must be willing to drive to various locations within Los Angeles County as needed. Internships expire after a maximum of one year. Only applicants with the legal right to work in the United States will be considered. Supervision Received and Exercised: Administrative direction is provided by Enterprise Business System Implementation Experts (i.e. Payroll, Human Resources, Financials), Process Engineers, Change Management Officer, Project Coordinator, Administrative Assistant, and/or Project Director. This position has no supervisory or lead responsibilities. Examples of Duties: Duties may include, but are not limited to the following: Schedules and coordinates various routine administrative functions Coordinates complex meetings and events including coordinating facilities and related contracts, coordinating spaces, testing equipment, preparing materials, etc. Monitors meeting registrations, compiling sign-in sheets, and maintaining attendance roster Creates surveys and compiles survey results Collects, summarizes, and analyzes data Prepares reports Takes meeting minutes Performs clerical duties Coordinates office supplies with Sr. Division Secretary JOB REQUIREMENTS: Knowledge: Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook Excel formulas Scheduling meetings and appointments Understanding of documentation tools and templates Competencies: Analyzing and Interpreting Data – Drawing meaning and conclusions from quantitative or qualitative data Fact Finding - Obtaining facts and data pertaining to an issue or question Oral Communication – Engaging effectively in dialogue Professional Impact - Presenting self as a positive representative of the organization Teamwork – Collaborating with others to achieve shared goals Attention to Detail – Focusing on the details of work content, work steps, and final work products Professional Integrity & Ethics - Displaying honesty, adherence to principles, and personal accountability MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Experience: No experience is required. Education: Status as a graduate student and continued enrollment in a graduate level program at a recognized college or university, and preferably supplemented by courses in education, psychology, public administration, business, human resources, organizational development, applied statistics, computer science, or a field closely related to the knowledge and abilities requirements of this classification. Additional Requirements: A valid California driver's license and the availability of private transportation or the ability to provide transportation between job sites is required. Ability to maintain the confidentiality of data. This is a part-time position.