Company Overview At Zones, we enable positive business outcomes through innovative solutions that leverage technology from world-class partners and exceptional service from our team of certified sales, engineering, and supply chain specialists. nfrastructure, the Services Company of Zones, is comprised of more than 400 systems engineers, solution architects, and technical specialists who design and deploy solutions in support of our customers’ digital workplace modernization, network optimization, data center transformation, and security fortification initiatives. Our values are simple: work together, learn together – and succeed together. We promote a high-spirited working environment, where teams can collaborate and learn from each other. That’s how we’ve innovated, adapted, and grown for over 30 years. Position Overview As a Zones Supplier Diversity Advocate, you will advocate for Supplier Diversity and Corporate Social Responsibility with Zones’ internal and external affiliates. Key Responsibilities The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The Diversity Advocate is primarily responsible for: Internal Advocate for Supplier Diversity: Evangelize supplier diversity programs with each sales vertical focusing on the value of our Corporate Plus Member distinction and MBE status. External Advocate for Supplier Diversity: Build strong awareness of Zones in the supplier diversity community, national and regional NMSDC councils, local, state, and government agencies; as well as, with business partners. Supplier Diversity Liaison for Clients: As a supplier diversity subject matter expert; provide information and resources to Clients and prospects. We are seeking candidates with the following experience and skills Education BA/BS in Business Administration or Communications (preferred) Certification Highly desirable - Certified Professional in Supplier Diversity® (CPSD™) Required Experience and Skills 3+ years of experience preferred in supplier diversity field 3+ years of experience using a relationship management tool preferred Established relationships with the National and Regional MSDC councils Extensive network with supplier diversity officers or those accountable for supplier diversity Well organized team player Strong presentation and speaking skills (must) Strong written and verbal communication skills (must) Proven adept relationship builder with internal and external affiliates (must) History of business travel 20-40% of time At Zones, we take great pride in offering a full spectrum of comprehensive, flexible benefit programs to our employees: Medical/dental/vision coverage 401(k) plan with matching provision Life insurance Paid vacation time Financial protection benefits Group discounts & perks Wellness programs And more Zones is also proud to be a certified Minority Business Enterprise (MBE), Corporate Plus member of the Northwest MSDC (Minority Supplier Development Council), and Equal Employment Opportunity Employer (EEOE) committed to diversity and inclusion. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We offer employment and advancement opportunities to every applicant. Come join our team. Let’s talk.