COMPANY OVERVIEW For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates works towards the goal of enabling our customer to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands. DESCRIPTION This position is responsible for monitoring and expediting the flow of Purchase Orders. Responsibilities include communicating any discrepancies to the receiving office, helping and following up with the reports, handling the changing of lane diverts into the trailers and works on reject and weight variance line. Qualifications QUALIFICATIONS Functional/Technical Skills Managing and Measuring Work Technical Learning Customer Focus Personal Learning Must follow safety guidelines, be flexible and detailed oriented. Must have basic PC skills and be willing to be cross trained in other areas. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required. For internal use only: CANMS Primary Location : United States of America-Texas-DALLAS-Dallas- Renaissance Tower Work Locations : Renaissance Tower Neiman Marcus 1201 Elm Street Dallas 75270 Job : Supply Chain/Logistics/Operations Organization : Last Call Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Employee Status : Regular Job Type : Standard Job Level : Individual Contributor Travel : No Job Posting : May 24, 2018, 11:14:12 AM