Comcast's Technology & Product organization works at the intersection of media and technology. Our innovative teams are continually developing and delivering products that transform the customer experience. From creating apps like TVGo to new features such as the Talking Guide on the X1 platform, we work every day to make a positive impact through innovation in the pursuit of building amazing products that are enjoyable, easy to use and accessible across all platforms. The team also develops and supports our evolving network architecture, including next-generation consumer systems and technologies, infrastructure and engineering, network integration and management tools, and technical standards. Comcast Technology Solutions (CTS), is the leading provider of online video publishing and direct-to-consumer solutions. Media companies rely on our cloud-based video platform as their open, central hub for managing, monetizing, and syndicating billions of internet video views each year. CTS services provide unmatched versatility for designing and supporting streaming video businesses on PCs, mobile devices, and TV. Some of our customers include SyFy, NBC Sports, National Geographic, Comcast, British Telecom, Travel Channel, and more.CTS, the industry-leading provider of broadband video management and publishing solutions, is seeking an experienced Product Architect to work with our product, delivery, and development groups as a technical product owner. This position requires strong experience in software and solution design. You will need to have technical program management knowledge as well as several years of software development experience. We are looking for candidates that have a proven ability to design solutions based on a service-oriented architecture, can drive design across multiple teams, and thrive in a strong, collaborative relationship between product managers, delivery managers, development teams, and operations as partners in the delivery of quality services.Core Responsibilities: As the technicalproduct owner, you will own the designsolution fordeliveringrequested features from: our customers, and theproduct, development, and operations teams. This may include anticipating and interpreting customer needs, assessing all the requirements and identifying solutions. Become the subjectmatterexpert and evangelist for theservices you own. Workwith internal teams to establish overall product vision, create user stories, manage and prioritize the product backlog, participate in daily scrums and meta-scrums, and validate delivered designs. Partner with engineering to provide consultative direction and develop long term objectives and plans to determine resources, technology and course of action to achieve results. Participate in the product lifecycle process. Contribute to and create product and technical requirements, detailed design documents including transaction, capacity and bandwidth models, systems definitions, and operational procedures as part of this process. Understand key business drivers and applies the knowledge of internal/external business issues to improve products and services. Ensure that projects are properly accepted into the engineering team, worked on in a timely and efficient manner and smoothly transitioned into customer use. Interpret internal/external business issues and recommends complete solutions based on best practices and proven technologies. Solve complex problems. Takes a broad perspective to identify innovative solutions. Provide guidance for the performance and reliability of various cross-platform applications and services. Ensures that system failures are restored in a timely manner and participates in the review of failures and provides feedback to prevent future occurrences. Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance. Requirements: At least 5 years technical designsolution crafting in a software product development environment. Proven design experience with multi-tenant APIs, design patterns, SOA, web service technologies and cloud computing. At least 4 years software experience at an engineering level. Proficiency in Java a plus. Proven experience as a technical leader. Demonstrated ability to lead the design and development of complex applications. Strong sense of responsibility and ownership for the success of projects from inception to rollout and maintenance. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability and confidence to work closely with select customers in pre-sales and collaborative scenarios. A BS degree in computer science or a related field. Knowledge of video encoding, delivery and playback highly desired. Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer