Organization: Accenture Strategy – Technology Strategy Level: Principal Director Location: Various locations Travel: 80% to 100% (typically Monday through Thursday) About Accenture Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions in strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries and all business functions – underpinned by the world’s largest delivery network – Accenture works at the intersection of business and technology to help clients improve their performance and create sustainable value for their stakeholders. With approximately 435,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries, Accenture drives innovation to improve the way the world works and lives. Visit us at www.accenture.com. Introduction to Accenture Strategy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCjn4pd9g7k https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1t4hVyjtvY Technology Strategy is no longer about how technology supports the business strategy, but how technology can create new opportunities and new value. Technology Strategy professionals bring a unique mixture of business and technology expertise to develop strategic plans that define how technology can create value for an organization. Working at the intersection of business and technology, these strategists work alongside client leadership to define holistic strategies that combine business objectives with technology opportunities. Technology Strategy professionals must maintain deep knowledge of evolving trends and the latest advancements in technology, strategy, and management to develop innovation solutions and approaches. These professionals understand best practices and will work to define strategies that may include governance, organization structure and staffing, enterprise architecture models, business capability models, process definitions, and enterprise operating models. At their core, Technology Strategy professionals identify the most important client issues or opportunities, and maximize value by conducting rigorous analysis and developing strategic plans to address issues and/or seize opportunities. Learn more at www.accenture.com/us-en/technology- strategy-index. Example offerings include: Digital Strategy : addressing the issues, decisions, actions and investments required in IT to create a digital business IT Value Stra tegy : shaping the direction of IT to align the overall shareholder and business vision and objectives and drive measurable improvements Technology Innovation and Ecosystems : exploring new and emerging technologies to create a vision of how technology will shape the future and invent the next wave of cutting-edge business solutions Operating Model : shaping how the IT function will need to operate to achieve the New IT and stakeholder objectives and workforce talent strategy Cloud Strategy : enabling companies to access IT-based services, including infrastructure, applications, platforms and business processes, via the Internet to shape organizations’ cloud journeys Enterprise Architecture Strategy: developing the foundation for client business and technology capabilities and execution improvement AI Strategy : outlining usage and effectiveness of Artificial Intelligence Job Description Technology Strategy professionals create strategies and plans that define how technology should be utilized to enable an organization's overall business strategy. Applies knowledge of best practices to define how technology will shape the overall strategy, governance, organization structure and staffing, architecture and processes to maximize the impact of technology for our clients. Maintains knowledge of evolving trends in technology strategy and management and applies those to develop innovative approaches to deliver value for our clients. Technology Strategy professionals identify the most important client technology issues, and maximize business value by conducting rigorous analyses and developing strategic multiyear roadmaps. A professional at this position level within Accenture has the following responsibilities: Provides solutions to complex business problems for area(s) of responsibility where analysis of situations requires an in depth knowledge of organizational objectives. Involved in setting strategic direction to establish near term goals for area of responsibility. Interacts with senior management levels at a client and/or within Accenture, which involves negotiating or influencing on significant matters. Has latitude in decision-making and determining objectives and approaches to critical assignments. Decisions have a lasting impact on area of responsibility with the potential to impact outside area of responsibility. Manages large teams and/or work efforts (if in an individual contributor role) at a client or within Accenture.