Description Responsible for the day to day supervision of all aspects of Product Development. Create product line strategies for all customers and provide technical support to Product Designers to help ensure gifts are developed according to these strategies. Lead and manage brainstorming process and approve all Product Designers' sample requests. Design and manage all details of gifts for product lines owned. The individual in this role reports to the Vice President, Product Design and manages up to five Product Designers. The Director, Product Design is a highly cross functional position, and often partners with Creative Designers, Art Production, Sales, Purchasing, Operations and Packaging Engineering in their role. Key Responsibilities: Responsible for the day to day supervision of all aspects of Product Development Creation of product line strategies for all customers Providing technical support to Product Designers to help ensure gifts are developed according to these strategies Lead and manage development brainstorming process Design and manage all details of gifts for product lines owned Responsible for ensuring key deadlines of the development process are met Responsible for ensuring margin targets are met for all gifts developed Requirements REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's Degree and at least 5-7 years experience in product development -- preferably experience in home décor, the fashion industry and / or has a graphic background Experience in effectively managing a team of associates Ability to effectively manage & prioritize timelines for different product lines to ensure they are are consistently ready and on time for presentation (no last-minute changes) Effective gift management practices (attention to detail, communication, follow up), resulting in minimal cost/ quality errors on sold gifts About Us 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. is a leading provider of gifts for all celebratory occasions. For the past 40 years, 1-800-Flowers.com® has been helping deliver smiles to customers with a 100% Smile Guarantee® backing every gift. The 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. family of brands also includes everyday gifting and entertaining products from Harry & David®, The Popcorn Factory®, Cheryl's Cookies®, 1-800-Baskets.com®, Wolferman's®, Moose Munch® premium popcorn, Personalization Universe®, Simply ChocolateSM, and FruitBouquets.com SM. The Company also offers top-quality steaks and chops from Stock Yards® and gift baskets and towers from its DesignPac Gifts, LLC division. Loyalty programs, such as Celebrations Passport®, Celebrations Rewards® and Celebrations Reminders® are designed to deepen relationships with customers across all brands. The Company's BloomNet® international floral wire service and Napco SM floral gifts and seasonal décor division provide a broad-range of products and services designed to help professional florists grow their businesses profitably. 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. was named to the Stores® 2017 Hot 100 Retailers List by the National Retail Federation and also received the Gold award in the "Best Artificial Intelligence" category at the Data & Marketing Association's 2017 International ECHO Awards. Shares in 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, ticker symbol: FLWS.