There is no relocation assistance available for this position. If relocation is required the selected candidate must be willing to relocate at his/her own expense. BAE Systems in Keyport, WA, is seeking a candidate to support Naval Undersea Warfare Center (NUWC) Division Keyport Obsolescence Management Information System (OMIS) to access material readiness and determine parts availability for multiple military platforms/systems. Review, research, and validate parts type, parts characteristic, sourcing issue statements, and commercial off-the shelf (COTS) data cited in OMIS databases. Adjust and correct parts data to ensure validity of the data reflected in OMIS database. Investigate part Equivalency Technical Assistance requests by gathering specifications and data sheets for various electronic, mechanical and electro-mechanical COTS, and other supporting components using existing DoD Logistical information systems (i.e. FEDLOG, DoD EMALL, Navy One Touch, and Pin Point) Evaluate technical characteristics between primary and potential alternate/equivalent parts and develop recommendations for suitability of proposed solutions to resolve obsolescence issues. Summarize finding and recommendations in a Government provided report format. A competitive candidate will possess a unique combination of: Ability to determine production status and availability of OMIS items defined by the customer; a high degree of attention to detail and accuracy; high proficiency with Microsoft Excel spreadsheets; self-starting and ability to work independently; able to function as part of an excellent, well-established team; creative thinking and perseverance. The successful candidate will also have a good working knowledge of supply chain management that includes the governing supply systems (Army, Navy and DoD), programs, policies, nomenclature, work methods, manuals or other established guidelines. Typical Education & Experience Typically a Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience Required Skills and Education Candidates must ensure that resume addresses all stated requirements of the posted requisition. Only resumes that specifically include all required skills/experience/education, will be considered. 4+ years related and recent professional work experience with High School Diploma or 2+ years related and recent professional work experience with Associate's degree Working knowledge of one or more of the DoD Logistical information systems (i.e. FEDLOG, DoD EMALL, Navy One Touch, and Pin Point). Familiarity with schematics, blue prints and electrical nomenclature Understanding of technical manuals and drawings packages Communicate technically both verbally and in writing with manufactures and government personnel. Demonstrated proficiency with the Microsoft Office Professional Suite (MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook) Preferred Skills and Education Working Knowledge of Life Cycle Management, Obsolescence Management, and Risk Mitigation Good working knowledge of supply chain management that includes the governing supply systems (Army, Navy and DoD), programs, policies, nomenclature, work methods, manuals or other established guidelines Ability to determine production status and availability of OMIS items defined by the customer; a high degree of attention to detail and accuracy; high proficiency with Microsoft Excel spreadsheets; self-starting and ability to work independently; able to function as part of an excellent, well-established team; creative thinking and perseverance About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security BAE Systems Intelligence & Security, based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we do—from intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels. That’s BAE Systems. That’s Inspired Work.