3M is seeking a Quality Management Systems Manager for the Health Care Business Group (HCBG) located in Maplewood, MN. At 3M, you can apply your talent in bold ways that matter. Here, you go. Job Summary : The person hired for the position of Quality Management Systems (QMS) Manager will be responsible for global Product Lifecycle Management (PLM), standards, procedures, training and change management processes in the QMS for HCBG. It includes driving standardization, implementation and value realization. It also includes managing data analytics related to those processes and supplying standardized metrics to drive continuous improvement at all the global sites and divisions. The person will be managing a team supporting the processes globally. The person will be working with manufacturing, laboratory and quality functional leaders globally to design and implement simplified processes that increase customer focus and meet regulatory requirements and to get value realization from the new process. The person will collaborate with the Global QMS Leader, Division Quality Leaders, Global Regulatory Affairs and Laboratory leaders, business management, stakeholders and QMS project team members to implement, govern and own the processes. For additional information, please visit: https://www.3m.com/3M/en_US/health-care-us/ This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career. Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Manage Standards, Procedures and Training teams QMS leader for global PLM, standards, procedures, training and change management processes in the HCBG Provide leadership and set goals/objectives for the team to establish standardized, effective, efficient, and compliant processes Collaboratively lead redesign QMS processes for simplicity, ease of use and implement standardized process globally at all Health Care Business Group sites where health care products are designed and/or manufactured Operationalizes standardized processes through data analytics to measure effectiveness and efficiencies to support value realization Lead change to implement standardized processes globally and ensure adoption of it to support growth and value realization. Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's degree (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited institution Minimum of three (3) years of Project Management experience in a private, public, government or military environment Minimum of five (5) years of combined supervisory and/or management experience Minimum of five (5) years combined experience with Medical Device and/or Pharmaceutical Quality Management (QMS) in private, public, government or military environment Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree or higher from an accredited institution Green Belt, Lean Six Sigma and/or Quality improvement certification Applied knowledge of International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 9001 and/or 13485 ENOVIA™ systems experience Experience successfully leading global teams through change management Ability to work within team structure to influence and support quality improvement Experience leading global cross-functional team Exceptional communications skills (oral, written and presentation) Microsoft Office proficient Location: Maplewood, MN Travel: May include up to 15% domestic/international Relocation: Is not authorized Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status).