What You'll Do Cisco IT is going through a major transformation towards Cloud Native and software-defined services. The focus is on building cloud-native applications, Programmability through well-defined APIs, and support of Private and Public Cloud Deployments. To support this transformation, we are building a brand new Multi-Cloud Management Platform for applications to utilize Cloud Services. We are looking for an experienced and talented individual to help build this platform which will be built with the industry-leading architecture utilizing a microservices based architecture and will be deployed in the cloud. It will support the service providers by onboarding their services in a quick, easy manner and support an application owner to utilize various offered services from a single platform. Responsibilities include: Provide leadership to team members on industry practices, technologies, and leading open source software to build an industry-leading system that is highly available and reliable Architect, design, test and deliver system software to satisfy product requirements Work with various cross-functional groups such as product management, other development teams, QA, and documentation Lead technical discussions and provide innovation to the product Who You’ll Work With Our team is building a new multi-cloud management platform that is essential for the success of Cisco IT initiative to move to Cloud-based infrastructure. In order to build this system, we need unique skills and expertise that do not exist in the group. This includes building a cloud-native architecture which is microservice based, running in containers, and providing well-defined API based services. We also need full-stack developers who have experience providing the best UX so the adoption by clients is seamless and painless. This is critical for adoption. Our entire team is built around this and is a combination of new college hires and technical leaders who are experts in these areas with multiple years of experience. Who You Are You have a strong ability to solve complex problems creatively and are driven and motivated with a high level of initiative. You demonstrate a high degree of originality and innovation in designing product and component level architecture. You possess excellent verbal and writing skills and are a team player that works well in small and large group environments. Minimum requirements: 5-10 years of experience in software design, and application development 2 -5 years of experience developing applications based on microservice architecture and API development Strong background in Software Design and Architecture and complete Agile development lifecycle Requires hands-on experience with designing a microservice based architecture, container deployments and management tools like kubernetes, docker, etc. Experience developing in a CI/CD, DevOps model with full knowledge of Jenkins, GIT, is required Hands-on development experience with multiple languages, especially, Java, Python, GoLang is a requirement. Experience with various persistence technologies like Cassandra, MongoDB, ElasticSearch, as well as Mysql is highly desirable. Experience with Cloud Native software development is a major plus Experience with OpenStack, Openshift, Opensource libraries and monitoring tools is a plus Why Cisco At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco