Our mission is to create delightful human environments. View manufactures View Dynamic Glass, a new generation of smart windows that let in natural light and views, and enhance mental and physical wellbeing by significantly reducing headaches, eyestrain and drowsiness. In addition, View’s windows reduce glare and heat, improving the energy efficiency of buildings by 20 percent. View’s windows are digital, connected, and can be controlled from anywhere, including your phone – no blinds or shades required. View Dynamic Glass is already installed in over 400 buildings in multiple markets including commercial offices, airports, hospitals, multi-family residences, including major airports like San Francisco, Boston and Charlotte Douglass, and the offices of WeWork, Overstock.com, FedEx, Kaiser Permanente, Wells Fargo, and Hewlett Packard Enterprise. Our culture at View is full of thinkers, explorers and builders. In the great tradition of disrupting industries and challenging the way we think about everyday essentials, the team at View has reinvented something that hasn't changed for centuries - the simple window - and by doing so is transforming the largest industry in the world: real estate. If you have ever dreamed of changing the world to make it a better place - join us. We are looking for a Full-stack Web Developer to join our growing team. Working in a collaborative environment, you will have a chance to work on new projects that help shape our upcoming products . The position requires that you be fluent in Java and JavaScript. You should have experience in building applications with React/Redux, fluent with RESTful services – both building and consuming. You understand modern frontend toolchain (Webpack, AWS, NPM/yarn etc...) and back-end toolchain (Spring boot, Docker etc.) and you’re capable of full-stack architecture design. We release new software constantly. You will join us in working in DevOps mode. You will be responsible from development to delivery to operations, test automation and continuous delivery. Unit testing and integration testing come naturally to you. We expect your code to be thoroughly tested with unit, UI and snapshot tests. You are comfortable with working with all aspects of the solution. DESIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE 5+ years of professional Java/J2EE software development experience MS in Computer Science, related degree, or comparable experience Full stack developer with front-end expertise JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS (Preferred) AngularJS (Required) Strong programming skills in Java (preferably Java 8 experience) JSON, RESTful web-services (Required) Web-security skills: SAML, encryption, certificates, web attack protection DB expertise – both SQL and NoSQL varieties, Hibernate, JPA, MyBatis MQTT & Kafka (Preferred) JUnit, automated testing and test-driven development experience a plus Spring IOC framework (Required) Build tools: Jenkins, Travis Testing frameworks: jUnit, PowerMockito Repos: GIT Comfortable in a LINUX command-line environment Proven track record for developing, releasing, and supporting multiple high quality products Professional experience developing high performance, scalable, complex systems Strong interpersonal skills, sense of humor and exceptional character View, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer