The Hardware Operations team is responsible for monitoring, maintaining and deploying the state-of-the-art physical infrastructure behind Google's powerful search technology. As an Operations Engineer, you'll deploy and maintain Google's advanced Data Center Server and Network Infrastructure. You'll also participate in or lead local project teams on larger installations and develop project contingency plans. In this role, duties range from the physical deployment of data center-related technology to working closely with the various stakeholders. It will fall to you to ensure that our goals, missions and projects are successfully delivered, and, more importantly, that they are repeatable across our global array of data centers. This position offers a great introduction to the wider engineering world at Google. Depending of your area of interest, capabilities, and geographical mobility, you will have the opportunity to develop either within Hardware Operations or move towards software development, engineering, networking operations or our project management groups. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible. Responsibilities Contribute and lead efforts/projects in the deployment, maintenance and support of current and new data center infrastructure. Lead complex troubleshooting and resolve critical or escalated technical issues over a significant population of affected equipment. Help test and troubleshoot new complex server hardware components and designs. Configure and troubleshoot OS-related issues on server. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Experience collaborating and partnering with teams. Experience with computer hardware and server hardware or troubleshooting/diagnosing. Experience with operating systems and networking protocols. Preferred qualifications: Experience in maintenance and monitoring of server systems. Experience working within a data center or network operation center environment. Experience in project management and leadership. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.