We are committed to building the LA Clippers into a hard-charging and fiercely competitive sports organization and business entity. Our front office’s focus centers on Steve’s vision, which is comprised of the following 6 objectives: 1\. Win NBA Championships 2\. Build Our Brand / Generate Profit 3\. Make Staples Center Our Home Arena 4\. Become A Beloved Community Partner 5\. Drive Innovation 6\. Work Every Day to Transform the LA Clippers Into A World-Class And Globally-Recognized Sports Organization. Job Summary The LA Clippers are looking for an experienced Data Engineer to help build the Strategy & Insights department from scratch. Data Engineer's main function will be data extraction, preparation, analysis, and visualization geared towards making the Sales & Service department more efficient and effective. You will devise and execute predictive modeling projects such as lead scoring, retention modeling, pricing optimization, etc. To be successful in the role, you will a deep understanding of data engineering principles as well as statistical coding and data visualization skills. Principal Duties and Responsibilities You will construct and champion the adoption of organization-wide data best practices. You will build industry accepted procedures and processes in CRM (prior knowledge of Microsoft Dynamics/KORE preferred). You will work with the Sales & Service department to improve reporting and analysis around their critical metrics. You will assist with data collection, cleaning, manipulation, and reporting. You will handle the data flow between the Clippers’ core technology suite (Microsoft Dynamics365, Marketing Automation, and AXS Ticketing). You will act as an internal expert in each of the data sources to own overall data quality. You will dive into data in order to develop useful insights from a variety of data sources. Characteristics / Qualifications BA/BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Economics, or another related field. Two to five years of backend or data engineering experience. Knowledge of all major aspects of a CRM system (e.g. automated processes, lead assignment, reporting, etc.). Coding proficiency in at least one modern programming language (e.g. Python, R). Expert Microsoft Excel skills. Previous sports or entertainment industry experience is helpful, but not required. Demonstrated dedication with the ability to lead projects from origin through execution. Willingness to learn and should be able to flourish in a fast-growing, dynamic environment. Effective interpersonal skills, both oral and written. Self-starter and entrepreneurial spirit with hands-on approach towards business. Equal Opportunity Statement The LA Clippers are an equal opportunity employer. It is the Clipper’s desire and intent that all employees enjoy a professional business working environment that is free from discrimination and harassment.