Program Consultant Cultural Care Au Pair Cambridge, MA Description: Do you want to work in a fun, high-energy environment where you can make a difference in people’s lives each day and help open the world through education and cultural exchange? Cultural Care Au Pair is seeking tenacious and determined Program Consultants to work with potential host families to educate them about their childcare options and how Cultural Care Au Pair can help to solve their childcare needs. This role is a great entry in to the world of Cultural Care, and offers exciting potential career advancement for the right candidate. Who are we? Cultural Care Au Pair helps young adults from around the world make the impressive commitment to spend a year living away from family and friends to live with an American host family. Cultural Care Au Pair is a designated program sponsor under the U.S. Department of State’s federally regulated au pair program. We provide support and program management during this exchange year. Cultural Care has recently celebrated 25 years of bringing families and au pairs together. We are a worldwide organization based in more than 20 countries. The average tenure of our US staff is 6 years – and increasing! We are now about 50% based in our Boston and Denver offices and 50% field based. Who are you? You are able to make friends with almost anyone and frequently strike up a conversation with the person seated next to you on an airplane. You’re adventurous and speak passionately, so people regularly ask you for suggestions of places to go and things to do on the weekend. When it’s time to split the check at dinner with friends, you grab it, divide it, and calculate the tip. If you’re staying in, your friends look to you to collect and call in the takeout order. The concept of a “friendly game” of miniature golf is a stretch for you… you’d prefer to win. Responsibilities: Consistently aim for quality outgoing calls to interested host families (not cold calls) Proactively reach out to prospects Navigate daily tasks of sales calling and task assignment Connect with customers who are considering inviting an au pair into their home in a timely and personable manner Get families excited about the possibility of au pair childcare and cultural exchange Evaluate suitability of potential host families in coordination with government regulations Set clear expectations about next steps and the overall program Regularly meet individual and team goals Collaborate across departments Help other departments in our busier months The ideal candidate should have: High motivation to hit daily, weekly and monthly goals A team player attitude Excellent time management and organizational skills Strong adaptability, flexibility, and resourcefulness You can roll with the punches and adapt to scheduled work day being thrown off by longer calls Ability to effectively manage high daily phone call and email volume Prior experience in sales a plus Consultative or needs-based selling skills Polished speaking and writing skills An entrepreneurial spirit and a positive and upbeat demeanor Creative in their sales environment and how they collaborate with other departments Ability to work a minimum of one Saturday p/month (overtime compensation included) Bachelor’s degree A few of our benefits & perks: Market-leading health insurance options with Harvard Pilgrim Bonus potential beyond salary 3 weeks paid vacation (1st year), followed by 4 weeks (2ndyear) 25% company match for your 401(k) contributions with Fidelity Comprehensive training and professional development, including an international trip to visit our overseas teams Sunny open-concept office space Company match of your charitable contributions (up to $500 per year) Complimentary in-house language classes, fitness classes, community service groups, and various other EF activities Cultural Care Au Pair is affiliated with EF Education First, the world leader in international education. Founded in 1965, EF’s mission is to open the world through education. To date, EF has helped millions of people learn a language, discover the world or earn an academic degree. For more information, visit http://www.ef.edu/careers.