Are you someone with a passion for data, analytics, insights, and technology? Do you want to be part of a team lighting up “an early warning and monitoring system for compliance risks" using data analytics ( _i.e.,_ advanced statistics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence)? Do you want to deliver actionable insights that help the company act ethically and with integrity? If you answered "yes" to these questions, we want to talk to you about joining the Office of Legal Compliance (OLC) as a Business Program Manager/Analytics Specialist supporting the Compliance Analytics Program. OLC sits in the Litigation, Competition, and Compliance Group (LCCG) within Corporate, External, and Legal Affairs. LCCG’s mission is to champion Microsoft’s strategic interests with courts and regulators worldwide; to serve as trusted advisors; and to empower employees to uphold the highest standards of integrity. OLC’s specific strategies include designing, implementing, and running a system to provide early warning and monitoring for certain types of compliance risks using data analytics to (1) identify and prevent misconduct and (2) inform compliance program priorities. OLC works in close collaboration with Finance, Internal Audit, and Enterprise Commerce IT on the compliance analytics system. This role is based in Redmond, Washington. Responsibilities Asa Business Analytics PM you will… Help drive a team of business professionals and data scientists to understand, analyze, define, and scope the business requirements, metrics, and KPIs for compliance risk scenarios. Drive and execute the change management required to support the adoption of new compliance analytics and manage day-to-day program support for specific analytics within the Compliance Analytics Program ( _e.g.,_ High Risk Deals, High Risk Partners, Health of Competition, and/or Health of Compliance Program) in partnership with other stakeholders. Partner with teams to identify and explore opportunities for the application of data analytics to manage our compliance risks. Support go-to-market (GTM) activities for a compliance analytics solution by providing project management support for our internal and external efforts. Develop and maintain strong relationship within and across various Microsoft teams Qualifications To be successful in this role, you should have… 5+ years of experience in a blend of core PM skills, understanding of data science, and an ability to work well across the business, data science, and engineering; Complex program leadership experience, with demonstrated ability to organize, lead, motivate, and build credibility with a diverse set of stakeholders; Good verbal and written communication skills; Strong analytical problem-solving and decision-making skills; and A passion for business ethics and a strong commitment to integrity. In addition, you should be… Data driven and able to act as a catalyst to drive adoption of a data-driven culture; A strong influencer who can look beyond the obvious to come up with ideas that will lead to new insights and value propositions; and Able to navigate the Microsoft matrix to garner support for the Compliance Analytics Program Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.