Requisition ID: ADM009605 Merck & Co., Inc. Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. known as Merck in the United States and Canada, is a global health care leader with a diversified portfolio of prescription medicines, vaccines and animal health products. The difference between potential and achievement lies in the spark that fuels innovation and inventiveness; this is the space where Merck has codified its legacy for over a century. Merck’s success is backed by ethical integrity, forward momentum, and an inspiring mission to achieve new milestones in global healthcare. Merck Manufacturing Division, MMD, is a team of dedicated, energetic individuals who are committed to being the most trusted supplier of pharmaceuticals and health products worldwide. Our facilities, along with our external contractors, suppliers, and partners, comprise an interdependent global manufacturing network that’s committed to delivering a compliant, reliable supply to customers and patients on time, every time, across the globe. The West Point Operations / Technical Operations intern program supports internship with a 10-12 week duration, which will include one or more projects. These positions provide candidates with great personal/career development opportunities, opportunity to work on projects having impact to vaccine manufacturing, and a chance to see if Merck is the right company for their long-term goals. The intern projects can be in one or more of the following areas: Vaccine Manufacturing Operations Support Work as part of the team manufacturing life-saving vaccines for counties all over the world Collaborate with cross-functional teams to improve and/or optimize manufacturing processes Support/lead projects directly tied to improving the safety and/or compliance performance of the operations areas In-line Product Technical Support Work with operations and quality groups to maintain products at a high level of performance/compliance through completion of effective investigations, process improvement activities, and other key projects. Transfer products within Merck’s internal manufacturing network Execute strategic technical projects to enhance our World Class Supply posture – decrease inventory, shorten cycle times, lower costs Equipment and Facilities Design and Construction Design, build, and/or renovate advanced manufacturing plants, laboratory and office facilities Potential involvement with all phases of project management from the first engineering drawing to the last phase of project start up Qualifications Education Minimum Requirement: Sophomore or Junior level curriculum or higher, working toward BS, MS, or PhD in Chemical, Biochemical, Biomedical, Biological, Computer, or Mechanical Engineering or other related science (Chemistry, Biology, Virology, or Microbiology). Preferred Experience and Skills: Pharmaceutical or vaccine manufacturing related experience Strong collaboration skills, strong communication skills Lean six sigma experience/ knowledge Strong project management skills Knowledge of current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMPs) This is a full- time Intern position based in West Point, Pennsylvania. Housing subsidy is not available as part of this program and must be funded 100% by the student. Your role at Merck is integral to helping the world meet new breakthroughs that affect generations to come, and we’re counting on your skills and inventiveness to help make meaningful contributions to global medical advancement. At Merck, we’re inventing for life. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to staffingaadar@merck.com. Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully: Merck & Co., Inc. is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Merck via email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of Merck. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Merck as a result of the referral or through other means. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. For more information about personal rights under Equal Employment Opportunity, visit: EEOC Poster EEOC GINA Supplement FTP2019 Job: Administrative Svcs Generic Other Locations: Employee Status: Temporary Travel: No Number of Openings: 20 Shift (if applicable): Hazardous Materials: Company Trade Name: Merck