Purpose This is a key support position, providing assistance in the daily management and oversight of the audio-visual operations of the Texas Union, a multi- purpose facility and assisting in additional University Unions facilities as needed. Will work and interact with members from the University community. Essential Functions Assists with operating, maintaining and safeguarding the technical assets/equipment of the facility, including the theatre, ballroom, meeting rooms and portable equipment. Assists in the supervision of lighting systems, sound systems, communication and projection equipment, and stage facilities for productions, presentations and projects. Assists in monitoring the condition of equipment, including lighting, sound and projection. Participates in the repair and replacement, preventative maintenance and inventory control of equipment. Manages, trains and schedules student employees who will be employed as lighting, sound and audio/visual technicians. In conjunction with event staff, provide expertise and advice to users of the facility on safety, technical characteristics and other aspects of facility operations. Assists in determining necessary technical supports, such as projection, lighting, sound and special needs prior to the event. Works closely with student organizations and University departments to help plan events with regard to audio/visual and technical needs. This includes attending pre-event meetings. Provides assistance to clients on an as needed basis in support of their event, meeting or presentation. Marginal/Incidental functions Other related functions as assigned. Required qualifications Bachelor's degree. Five years of experience as a stage supervisor in a multi- purpose center or conference center, including experience providing projection, stage, lighting or audio services in a theatrical and meeting room venue. Technical theatre equipment, including theatrical rigging, lighting instruments, control, staging and projection and distribution systems. Experience working with a diverse team of technical production staff members. Experience using computerized lighting and/or digital audio systems. Experience enforcing appropriate safety precautions and procedures within a theater environment. Experience designing/implementing lighting and/or sound systems appropriate to each performance. Experience overseeing stage crews or volunteers. Inventory maintenance experience. Strong computer skills including Microsoft Office. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Preferred Qualifications Bachelor's degree in technical theater, audio engineering or related field. Demonstrated ability to analyze and evaluate needs for technical support for various events and performances. Experience mentoring or supervising volunteers or college students. Experience operating and/or maintaining Barco DLP projectors, sound (including microphones) or lighting systems, digital mixing consoles, ETC automated rigging systems, the ETC Ion lighting console, Symetrix DSP's, and/or networked audio systems including Dante and AES50 networks. Demonstrated ability to be able to work individually as well as part of a team and establish and maintain effective working relationships with representatives of various groups, vendors, and co-workers. Demonstrated ability to work independently with initiative and use good judgment. Ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing. Working conditions May work around standard office conditions May work around electrical and mechanical hazards Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation Use of manual dexterity Climbing of stairs Climbing of ladders Lifting and moving The person in this position will need to lift, move, push and pull objects up to 75 pounds using appropriate tools. A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus