Description Data Extraction Specialist (ITS 5) We're seeking a talented data engineer that thrives in a fast-paced, agile environment whom enjoys the challenge of working with large healthcare data sets, highly complex business scenarios and is passionate about data and analytics. To be successful in this role you will need to have superior analytical, communication, presentation and organizational skills. Our ideal candidate is bright, responsible, self-motivated and gets stuff done. We look for problem solvers, who can intuitively anticipate problems; look beyond immediate issues; and take initiative to improve solutions. In short, we look for people who take pride in the craft of data engineering and have proven to be great at it. As the Data Extraction Specialist you will provide reports or data sets for HCA business areas or external partners, focusing on large data extracts, reporting/measure requirement needs specifically related to Washington's Medicaid transformation demonstration project. You'll be part of a team that can build a new, cloud-based data warehouse and BI solution from start to finish. Have you ever dreamt of working for an organization where the commitment to delivering quality data AND high employee engagement came together? Are you looking to grow your career and professional development while making a difference in the lives of Washingtonians? Then apply to work for Washington State Health care Authority! About You I am motivated by data driven decision-making I pride myself on the accuracy of my work and believe data tells a story I interact well with technical and non-technical audiences I always develop processes to ensure that security and privacy requirements are followed I know SQL like the back of my hand and can develop complex code for large data extracts and reporting I am the master of accomplishing items on my to-do list I enjoy documenting the work that I do I don't just tolerate change, I love change I am a problem solver Here is what we are looking for (Required Qualifications): We need a highly motivated and self-started person that can work in an agile environment and adapt to change. Four years of information technology experience such as consulting, analyzing, designing, programming, installing and/or maintaining computer software applications, hardware, telecommunications, or network infrastructure equipment, directing projects, providing customer or technical support in information technology; or administering or supervising staff who performed work in any of these information technology disciplines. Four years of experience: Working with large data warehouse, databases or operational data stores Writing complex SQLqueries and performance tuning Utilizing testing methodologies Two years of experience: Developing reports using Microsoft Reporting Services (SSRS), Tableau or equivalent software Developing and automating data extractions using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), Matillion or equivalent software Experience may be gained concurrently It would be great if you have the follow experience but it isn't a deal breaker: Experience with the healthcare data. Experience with cloud computing platforms. AWS related project experience is preferred. Experience with Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) databases or columnar data stores. Amazon Redshift related project experience is preferred. Experience with ETL tools. Matillion related project experience is preferred. Experience with data visualization tools. Tableau related project experience is preferred Experience with programming language such as C, Java, C++ etc and scripting languages like python, JSON, ruby and Unix shell scripts Experience with Cloud Big Data Platforms. Amazon Elastic MapReduce (EMR) related project experience is preferred Experience with Agile development methodologies. Scrum related project experience is preferred. About the HCA: The Washington State Health Care Authority purchases health care for more than 2 million Washington residents through Apple Health (Medicaid), the Public Employees Benefits Board (PEBB) Program, and, beginning in 2020, the School Employees Benefits Board (SEBB) Program. As the largest health care purchaser in the state, we lead the effort to transform health care, helping ensure Washington residents have access to better health and better care at a lower cost. This position is covered by the Washington Federation of State Employees (WFSE). How to Apply: Only candidates who reflect the minimum qualifications on their State application will be considered. Failure to follow the application instructions below may lead to disqualification. To apply for this position you will need to complete your profile and attach: A cover letter Current resume Three professional references If you have questions about the process, or need reasonable accommodation, please contact the recruiter before the posting closes. The candidate pool certified for this recruitment may be used to fill future similar vacancies for up to the next six months. Please Note: This is a project position expected to last until 12/31/2021 _Washington State is an equal opportunity employer. Persons with disabilities needing assistance in the application process, or those needing this job announcement in an alternative format, may call the Human Resources Office at 360.725.1197, or email_ Wendy.Brand@hca.wa.gov __ _Prior to a new hire, a background check including criminal record history will be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment but will be considered in determining the applicant's Suitability and competence to perform in the position. _