Job Objective: Responsible for complete leadership, oversight, planning, and execution to onboard Software as a service (SaaS) projects for new and existing customers. Serve as the subject matter expert in the implementation process for project initiation, data analysis, client purchasing interfaces, system configuration, and associated processes. Duties and Responsibilities: Drive and manage multiple, assigned implementation projects from initial customer engagement through planning, execution, and launch phases - managing all key steps and stakeholders of each project. Develop initial operations relationship with customers to understand their 340B program, pain points and other pertinent data to develop clear success factors around their implementation. Ensure a positive onboarding experience with Verity?s software solutions including oversight to ensure accurate customer data extract set ups, wholesaler interactions, and configuration for software solutions. Responsible for thorough training on software functions and key customer interactions to facilitate smooth and confident transition to ?live? project state and transition to account management as applicable. Serve as the subject matter expert, including key roles and responsibilities for Verity and client to ensure successful implementations. Facilitate proactive, timely, and comprehensive communication and demonstrations with customers and all Verity stakeholders key to the critical path success of a project implementation. Assist in prioritizing and tracking operations-focused tickets and product development needs to support the customer experience. Serve as a professional and courteous face of Verity Solutions through phone, email, webinar or in-person interactions. Manage communication flow with internal and external C-suite stakeholders. Partner with Product Management, Product Development, Sales, Accounting and Account Management to ensure optimal operational success of the customer and future customers. Leverage project management tools including Sales Force, Excel, etc. to allow for visible transparency in project status. Support, educate, and guide the account management team as needed to help convey expertise that is key to ongoing account success. Follow project and procedural workflows, while contributing to improving those workflows based on learnings. Review, analyze, and repair data from a variety of data sources in support of new . Supports and promotes the Verity Solutions values through positive interactions with both internal and external stakeholders on a regular basis Attend to other implementation or cross-departmental initiatives as assigned.