Information Security cyber heroines and heroes wanted! Do you want to defend the network of a major US health science university against cyber criminals? Would you like to learn real-life network security monitoring and intrusion detection skills? How about assessing big-name systems and technologies to find and fix vulnerabilities? Maybe you enjoy finding needles in haystacks (e.g. digital forensics)? Or perhaps you’re the fort building type, complete with moats and alligators (e.g. next generation firewalls)? All of these activities are a ‘day in the life’ of an information security analyst (e.g. security ninja) at UTHealth. Come join us and start your career in the mysterious and exciting world of cyber security. Qualities of the perfect candidate The model candidate for an Information Security career is someone who enjoys working with technology, likes math and science, blurts out the name of the killer in murder mystery movies before everyone else is able to figure it out, elects to study some sort of a programming language in college, and perhaps wants to grow-up to be a detective. It’s also critical for the candidate to exhibit the following qualities in order to succeed in this field: honest, hardworking, tenacious yet very professional and patient, able to deliver on time and on budget, can work with different people and different personality types without losing focus on the mission, and able to have fun while working. Why UTHealth UTHealth is a not-for-profit organization with a public mission to serve the community. The work that you will do at UTHealth will positively impact the Houston community, educate the future leaders of healthcare, and facilitate groundbreaking discoveries in healthcare. UTHealth is a unique employer. The work environment is vibrant and never boring because of the broad range of education, research, and healthcare related activities that are always happening on campus. UTHealth is multidimensional; it’s a university, a research center, a physician practice, and a hospital all rolled into one, therefore you get exposure to a multitude of industries. The experience and the professional satisfaction you can gain at UTHealth are unmatched. Rewards that UTHealth offers Unmatched experience in a very dynamic and broad environment, career growth, and community service. Career growth The Information Security department will give you the opportunity to work on a broad range of technologies such as clinical software, research applications, big data, learning management systems, big name Financial and HR systems, state of the art IT Infrastructure, next generation firewalls and intrusion prevention systems, and many more. You will get unmatched experience in these technologies that could help you steer your career. You could choose a technical path and become a nationally renowned subject matter expert in one of the technologies used by UTHealth, lead progressively larger projects to become a successful project manager, or perhaps follow a management path to mentor and grow others into their highest potential. Workforce culture The culture is highly supportive. The onboarding process involves extensive on-the-job training, formal training, and mentoring. The expectations are high and the work is hard, but we help each other become successful and we know how to have fun in the process. Creativity is encouraged and celebrated. In essence this role assists in the designing, implementing and monitoring of the IT security program with a focus on identifying network vulnerabilities and then designing, planning and executing solutions of routine to moderate complexity and scope with regular supervision. Position Key Accountabilities: 1\. Assists in the development of technical security standards to support policies including assisting in creating and coordinating monitoring standards and incident investigation procedures. 2\. Provides technical assistance in the configuration, and maintenance of WAN/LAN network security devices such as firewalls, VPNs and Intrusion Detection Systems of routine to moderate complexity. 3\. Assists in developing, implementing and maintaining the IT security awareness and training program. 4\. Performs periodic network security assessments of routine to moderate complexity and reviews for evidence of vulnerability or compromise and assists in the implementation of security solutions. Tracks resolution of findings and prepares reports. 5\. Performs network security testing, network penetration and network security compliance auditing of routine to moderate complexity and assists implementation of security solutions. Tracks resolution of findings and prepare reports. 6\. Responds to IT network security incidents of routine to moderate complexity, providing initial assessment of impact severity and types of incidences being addressed. Maintains incident tracking system up-to-date. 7\. Perform other duties as assigned. Certification/Skills: Preferred: Certification in network technology or information security (CNA, CCNA, CISA, CISSP, etc.) Skills: Ability to configure and administer network devices (routers, firewalls, switches, etc.), working knowledge of Unix, Windows NT, Novell, Cisco, e-mail applications, DNS and TCP/IP. Minimum Education: Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, related field, or related experience in lieu of education. Minimum Experience: One year minimum experience consisting of network related work experience, operating system administration and project management. Physical Requirements: Exerts up to 50 pounds of force occasionally and/or up to 20 pounds frequently or up to 10 pounds constantly to move objects. Security Sensitive: This job class may contain positions that are security sensitive and thereby subject to the provisions of Texas Education Code § 51.215