The Ayla Platform™ is the industry’s only complete _end-to-end_ __ solution for transforming everyday products into cloud-connected devices quickly, easily and economically. Ayla combines it's innovative and highly efficient technology with best-in-class hardware, applications, cloud-based services and digital information services to allow manufacturers to reinvent their products for the smartphone era. We are an exciting start-up delivering a PaaS platform for the Internet of Things. We are seeking a Sr. Full Stack Developer to design and develop the back-end software and UX/UI browser based applications. You will be responsible for the first version of a support framework design with a focus on enabling our application partners to rapidly build applications on Ayla's IoT platform. What You Will Be Doing Design of the overall architecture of the web framework for IoT application development Strong experience managing interchange of data between the server/users, translating the UI/UX design wireframes into code for visual elements of the application. Implementation of a robust set of services and APIs to power web based applications Building reusable code and libraries for future use Optimization of the framework for speed, scalability, and flexibility Implementation using standard security and data privacy protection methods Translation of UI/UX wireframes to visual elements Integration of the front-end and back-end aspects of the framework Management of hosting environments, including database administration and scaling an application to support load changes. Understanding of fundamental design principles behind a scalable applications Creating database schemas that represent and support common business processes Data migration, transformation, and scripting Desired Skills and Experience 8+ years of experience in Full Stack development Proficient knowledge of back-end programming languages, and in particular: PHP, Python, Ruby, Java, Node.js, .NET, JavaScript etc. Understanding differences between multiple delivery platforms (such as mobile vs, desktop), and optimizing output to match the specific platform Good understanding of JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS, KnockoutJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS, DurandalJS etc. Proficient understanding of client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks, including jQuery or other frameworks such as Zepto, MooTools, etc. depending on project requirements Basic knowledge of image authoring tools, ability to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on an image. Familiarity with tools such as as Gimp or Photoshop is a plus Proficient understanding of code versioning tools e.g. Git Ability to work in high pace, high pressure environment Ability to manage multiple assignments at once with good level of independence and decision-making aptitude Keywords: hybrid, developer, integration, Amazon AWS, Bluemix, PaaS, apps, Javascript, HTML5, CSS, web services, Docker BS/MS in CS or equivalent with at least 5 years of experience in SW development or engineering Exceptional ability and capability to learn new skills and tools. Ability to apply oneself in new problems in a dynamic lean start-up environment. Experience with PAAS business application framework development is preferable This position will be part of a new, exciting and high growth industry. If you are a driven Engineer with the applicable knowledge and experience, please apply today! Ayla Networks provides full benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision and 401(k) including Equity and PTO). EOE/AAM/F/D/V Employer _No Recruiting Agencies!_ _No phone calls, please._