Job Description The Intelligent Systems Lab at Intel Labs is seeking a motivated PhD-level intern in the area of visual computing. This internship position is only open to PhD students who are actively enrolled in a PhD program in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related discipline. The responsibilities will include, but not limited to: Conceiving, researching, and prototyping new visual computing techniques. You will use your knowledge of mathematical and algorithmic techniques to identify and research promising technologies. Qualifications You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work/classes/research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences. Minimum Requirements: The candidate must be pursuing a PhD. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Computational Science or any related field with software background. Minimum 6 months of experience in/with: Multivariable calculus Matrix calculus Convolutional networks Optimization Inside this Business Group Intel Labs is the company's world-class, industry leading research organization, responsible for driving Intel's technology pipeline and creating new opportunities. The mission of Intel Labs is to deliver breakthrough technologies to fuel Intel's growth. This includes identifying and exploring compelling new technologies and high risk opportunities ahead of business unit investment and demonstrating first-to-market technologies and innovative new usages for computing technology. Intel Labs engages the leading thinkers in academia and industry in addition to partnering closely with Intel business units. Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.