About Us St. John Providence Health System is a member of Ascension Health, the largest not-for-profit Catholic Health system in the United States. Our Mission, Vision and Values: St. John Providence Health System, as a Catholic health ministry, is committed to providing spiritually centered, holistic care which sustains and improves the health of individuals in the communities we serve, with special attention to the poor and vulnerable. Our Values: We are called to: Service of the Poor, Reverence, Integrity, Wisdom, Creativity and Dedication Our Vision: Our passion for healing calls us to cultivate trust, advocate wellness, and transform healthcare. Job Description Summary: The Cancer Conferences Coordinator performs a variety of general clerical duties to support the assigned area(s) or program. Responsibilities: Composes, types and transcribes correspondence, forms, reports, presentation materials and other written communications as required. Routes written communications as appropriate. Communicates with others in person, telephone, and/or email. May receive and screen visitors and handles general inquiries. Assists with preparing for and facilitating meetings, conferences, programs and/or special events. Establishes and maintains filing systems. Orders and stocks supplies. Qualifications Education: High School Diploma or equivalent required Work Experience: Medical Terminology course required Prior research or registry experience preferred. Experience with data input and/or statistics preferred How To Apply If you are interested in joining the St. John Providence Health System team, click here https://ascension.ttcportals.com/jobs/search/ to search for a job and complete an online application. We urge you to apply for any/all positions in which you are interested. If you fit the qualifications for the role, we will reach out to you. Please ensure you complete all required fields within the application (indicated with an asterisk), as well as, additional information that is requested of you. Information that you offer us will better assist us in understanding your qualifications and fit for the position(s) for which you've applied. Equal Employment Opportunity St. John Providence Health System is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to all associates and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, height, weight, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, veteran status or any other legally protected status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. The information requested on this application will not be used for any purpose prohibited by law. If you require assistance or an accommodation to complete this application, please let us know.