Competitive salary Round, Rock, TX, USA Dell provides the technology that transforms the way we all work and live. But we are more than a technology company — we are a people company. We inspire, challenge and respect every one of our over 100,000 employees. We also provide them with unparalleled growth and development opportunities. We can’t wait for you to discover this for yourself as a IT Audit Consultant in our IT Assurance team in Round Rock. We’re a global business – a multi-billion-dollar corporation. To stay strong and secure, it’s vital to have a robust audit and risk assessment of our financial and operational practices. That’s where our Internal Audit professionals come in. Preparing independent audit plans, conducting internal reviews and establishing audit criteria, they ensure full compliance with legislatively mandated initiatives including Sarbanes-Oxley. Auditing the activities of diverse departments, reporting the results to leadership and the Audit committee – and recommending controls if appropriate – this dedicated team makes sure that our organization is a fully compliant success. Key Responsibilities Support project planning for Dell’s technology infrastructure, security, and IT general controls. Perform audits, consulting engagements, and other influencing activities of infrastructure technologies, security, supporting operations, and processes Conduct reviews in highly technical areas of current/emerging technologies including Internet, Intranet, cloud, security, distributed computing, firewalls, and Windows Server Remain current and increase knowledge in the areas of auditing, business, company products and company information and Microsoft technologies, applications and other related technologies, utilizing self-study and/or continuing education efforts. Develop draft audit reports by identifying and gathering support for potential issues, and recommending solutions. Establish and maintain strong customer relationships with internal and external customers, managers and staff. Advise and influence a team of technical auditors; providing technical and quality oversight, advice to internal audit projects and consulting services regarding technologies, IT risk and controls, and provide guidance and training opportunities. Essential Requirements A BS/BA degree, preferably in Finance, information systems, computer science, engineering or other related IT field. A minimum of 8 years of experience in Information Technology, hardware or software product development, IT audit, IT Assurance or closely related field, IT Security operations or IT security architecture. Proven team player with demonstrated skills working on strong, effective and self-directed teams Ability to travel domestically and internationally for 2-3 week periods up to 30% of the year. Desirable Requirements MS or MBA in Computer Science, Information System Management, or Information Assurance. Professional certification such as CISA, CIA, CISSP, GIAC, MCSE or CCNA Excellent understanding of concepts related to information systems audit, information security, general IT controls, application controls and technology risks. Ability to communicate highly technical issues to both technical and non- technical audiences and demonstrated innovation in IT audit program development and delivery. Knowledge of external leading risk and controls frameworks such as COBIT (Control Objectives for Information and related Technology), ISO27000, and IT related internal controls Benefits We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment. If you would relish the challenge of auditing in an organization generating more than 80 billion U.S. dollars, this is your opportunity to develop with Dell. Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell here.