Coordinator, Database - Foundation (Raiser's Edge) - ( LON004223 ) Description The Database Administrator is responsible for comprehensive database support and analysis for the annual fund, major and planned gifts, marketing, communications, and events for Memorial Medical Center Foundation (MMCF). The Database Administrator is part of a high-performing team that together, implements a comprehensive development program of identifying, cultivating, soliciting and stewarding annual, major and planned gift donors and prospects for restricted and unrestricted needs in support of MMCF’s mission. Essential Job Outcomes & Functions: _Database Management_ : Coordinate all aspects of the database including: posting/acknowledging gifts, updating records, updating actions, generating reports, analyzing data, working with database vendor, implementing all import/export projects, coordinating all data cleansing projects. Control/code table maintenance including managing appeals, funds, campaigns and other system coding. _Data Support_ : Provide support related to donor lists/reports for events, annual giving, direct mail projects, major gifts, and planned giving prospects. Develop and review all data management, data processing, and systems that promote and support donor prospect strategies and goals. Includes the timely movement and tracking of donor prospects through the pipeline of evaluation and cultivation steps. Perform all prospect research requests and documentation. Assist Foundation staff to identify what data they wish to capture and record in Raisers Edge and assist the Director of Annual Giving in determining the best structure. Creating, testing and implementing of standard queries which Raiser’s Edge users can run at their discretion as well as queries to ensure the integrity of the database in a timely and efficient manner. Developing MS Excel spreadsheets tools to manipulate data where Raiser's Edge tools are insufficient. Interacts with all necessary departments/divisions (particularly Finance and Hospital Programs) to analyze and gather report requirements for generating criteria and output. Liaises with database users to recommend and assist in the implementation of new and improved processes. _General Development Support_ : Provide vision and support for information deployment and technical enhancements to the Foundation’s infrastructure, fundraising activities and initiatives. Provide general support for fundraising staff. Keep abreast of the fundraising and database fields through appropriate list-serves, blogs, websites, publications, webinars and conferences/seminars, and share with other development staff. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Qualifications/Work Experience: 2-3 years experience working in non-profit development. Proficiency in using donor database, preferably The Raiser's Edge or NXT. Proficient in Microsoft Office suite. Understanding of development fundamentals, healthcare fundraising a plus. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to explain highly technical concepts and processes clearly to team members. High attention to detail, data entry accuracy, and ability to meet deadlines. Ability to manage multiple complex tasks and/or projects simultaneously and maintain composure under pressure. Strong organizational, writing, and analytic skills; ability to develop complex analytical document and graphs/dashboards. Strong individual work ethic, as well as a team player. Education/Licensure/Certification: Bachelor's degree preferred. Certification or advanced training in database desired.