Responsibilities Description Conduent is the world's largest provider of diversified business process services with leading capabilities in transaction processing, automation, analytics and constituent experience. We work with both government and commercial customers in assisting them to deliver quality services to the people they serve. We manage interactions with patients and the insured for a significant portion of the U.S. healthcare industry. We are the customer interface for large segments of the technology industry and the operational and processing partner of choice for public transportation systems around the world. Whether it's digital payments, claims processing, benefit administration, automated tolling, customer care or distributed learning - Conduent manages and modernizes these interactions to create value for both our clients and their constituents. Learn more at www.conduent.com . Conduent is currently seeking a Sr. Account Manager responsible for driving health and growth of client relationships and growing penetration of new and current relationships between Conduent and its financial services clients. The incumbent will drive client value propositions, leading to new opportunities and will organize, lead and execute new sales into established clients. Duties and Responsibilities: The Client Partner will be responsible for solidifying relationships and maintaining the health of current accounts in addition to pursuit of sales within new and existing enterprise banking client account(s). This role will encompass: Growing relationships with Conduent's banking Client(s) through cross selling of new services and capturing new client logos, using consultative selling expertise. Partnering with solutions leaders to develop new value propositions in digital processing, payments, compliance and next generation customer care. Manage account-level P &L to business unit financial targets. Develop and support value propositions for focus areas and ensure alignment with Conduent and business unit strategy Partnering with solutions leaders and Base Sales executives to promote sales of new services into existing accounts. Recommending and initiating enhancements to the sales and marketing operations. Establish sales goals, analyze growth and provide accurate, complete and timely submission of required progress reports, forecasts, quotations, budgets and rates. Developing a detailed knowledge of Conduent services, solutions and offerings certainly within banking, but also a basic understanding of Conduent's specialty BPO solutions (e.g., Legal services, HR outsourcing, F &A, contact center, etc.) and will help guide the client in major application and business decisions. Supporting the development of marketing plans that will appeal to a variety of customers on a global basis in order to support sales and profit objectives. Representing the organization with executives and clients establishes and maintains effective relationships with internal and external constituents including consultants. All other duties as assigned Position Requirements: Consultative account manager and seller who develops deep relationships and adds value to the client's business over the long term. 5-10 years of proven experience with large scale banking sales & account management. Demonstrate advanced knowledge of BPO / Services sales. Strong knowledge or experience of digital transformation, Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Artificial Intelligence (AI) and/or other digital technologies, processes and services. Demonstrated experience with relationship management processes. This is a high profile position that calls for leadership experience, pursuit, self-motivation, and excellent communication and presentation skills. Team player who can partner with delivery organizations for added value. Aggressive seller who is able to forge relationships with CEO's and other C-suite executives as well as key line of business contacts. Bachelor's degree in related field or equivalent work experience. Skilled in account strategy, account planning, relationship strategy. Possess deep industry expertise in banking operations. Experience working closely with service delivery counterparts. Proven track record of significantly growing existing accounts. Proven track record of attaining and exceeding quotas. Previous experience callingon commercial banks, investment banks, mortgage processors, insurance and similar financial institutions required. Previous experience working in a bank highly preferred. Strong communication and presentation skills required. Ability to dig deep into an account to uncover new opportunities. Possess excellent oral and written communications, including the ability to effectively present information to top management and executives (internally and externally) as required. Possess strong self-motivation and desire for success.