Requisition ID: 191736 Work Area: Corporate Operations Expected Travel: 0 - 10% Career Status: Professional Employment Type: Regular Full Time COMPANY DESCRIPTION SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures. SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives. PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES Cloud Infrastructure Services (CIS) is responsible for running SAP’s state-of- the-art data centers and the technical platforms as integral part and foundation for all SAP Cloud solutions and services around the globe. The Cloud Infrastructure Services unit provides these shared services for SAP’s external Cloud Business. Within CIS and among other responsibility, the Cloud Interaction Center (CIC) is globally responsible for delivering world class customer experience. As part of it, E2E Infrastructure Monitoring Services are delivered by Cloud Infrastructure Operations Center (CIOC) team. Being part of the CIOC team and part of SAP CIS you will deal with world class state of the art Cloud data centers which host more than 100 thousand plus devices and still rapidly growing day by day. You will work as part of a global team with various cloud operations, tools, services experts where you could learn a lot to enhance your cloud skills. You will get chance to work together with new emerging technologies where you can learn and implement them for CIS/CIOC. To further enhance our existing capabilities, we have an exciting and challenging Senior Consultant position to deliver critical capabilities to strengthen our Infrastructure Operations teams. You will be part of CIOC team for the daily operations and for coming up with ways to improve E2E monitoring. _ Due to the global coverage schedule, the hours for this role are 11:00 am to 8:00 pm EST; including rotating weekend shifts _ EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS _In a typical week, you might:_ Work on monitoring and handling the critical infrastructure alerts of SAP cloud infrastructure services. Coordinate efforts among the infrastructure and client teams to judge the possible business impact and trigger necessary escalation. Work with various infrastructure and application monitoring tools for identifying possible outages. Catch, qualify and dispatch of critical alerts from all aspects of cloud infrastructure after performing basic checks. Have technical know-how of performing few basic checks on network, server, storage and so on devices. Work cross functionally to define and develop the metrics, data collection, modeling, and reporting prototypes to establish the trends, patterns on infrastructure events of our global datacenters. Work together with CIS tools team to further improvise the End to End monitoring capabilities to help strengthen CIOC monitoring. Share continuous feedback to CIS tools team on the monitoring tools. Use analytical models and information visualization methods to identify insights by reducing the noise in data sets, that can be used to drive proactive decisions and actions across the Infrastructure Operations. Take care of the operations calls, CIOC SLA and KPI reporting. Conduct customer presentations to show case CIOC. Facilitate troubleshooting over a “conference bridge” or “war room” to re-establish the impacted services. Introspect and remove roadblocks that prevent Ops from working most effectively. The important duty is to relay technical information to wider audiences with periodic updates (usually via Notification tool, alternatively email). Additional tasks such as keeping the incident logs, timelines, document accurate and up to date. You will clearly hand off at the end of the working day over phone explicitly to ensuring smooth transition. Willingness to have in average every 2nd weekend on-duty shifts. On-duty availability and work within on-duty periods is compensated along local regulations. EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS / SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES As an ideal candidate, you will stay focused in critical situations and should assume full responsibility of the Cloud Infrastructure operations. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Information Technology. Participate in critical E2E monitoring of Infrastructure services. Strong experience working with tools for network, server, storage etc such as spectrum, thousand eyes, Nagios, VMware server monitoring, server consoles from IBM/HP, Storage monitoring consoles from EMC (such as SRM) and NetApp (such as ocum). Proficient hands-on experience using data access tools and building visualizations using large datasets and multiple data sources. Experience with Python, R and Machine Learning software packages such as scikit-learn or TensorFlow. Strong written skills for communicating directly with executive management and customers. Familiar with time series analysis. Quick and motivated learner. Sense of urgency – fast responder. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. ITIL Foundations certification. Excellent English language skills. WORK EXPERIENCE 3+ years professional experience in cloud infrastructure operations. Experience working with Service Management systems such as ServiceNow, Remedy, and Jira. Demonstrated experience with large scale Infrastructure as a Service(IaaS) Cloud Environment and working in a distributed team located in multiple time zones. Demonstrated a proactive approach to detecting and handling issues. LOCATION Newtown Square, PA EXPECTED TRAVEL 0-10% WHAT YOU GET FROM US Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now. SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. Additional Locations: