Job Description About Thermo Fisher Scientific Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (NYSE: TMO) is the world leader in serving science, with revenues of more than $20 billion and approximately 65,000 employees globally. Our mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. We help our customers accelerate life sciences research, solve complex analytical challenges, improve patient diagnostics, deliver medicines to market and increase laboratory productivity. Through our premier brands - Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific and Unity Lab Services - we offer an unmatched combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and comprehensive services. Key Duties: Full Stack Web application design and development Implementation and testing procedures, modules and related code using best practices Supporting, updating and enhancing web applications Creating and implementing code documentation to support development Other duties as assigned Minimum Qualifications: A Bachelors’ Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Biology, or equivalent experience Experience designing and developing interactive scientific or e-commerce web solutions Excellent communication / documentation skills Clear understanding of client-server functionality, web browser technology, and OOD and Java fundamental concepts and language. Experience with Java technologies including Java 6/7/8, Struts 2, Tiles, Spring, JDBC, Hibernate, JSP, JSTL, Web services(SOAP/WSDL), JAXB, Ehcache, Maven, Tomcat server Working experience with latest client-side Web technologies including Javascript/Ajax, CSS, JSON, jQuery, HTML5, frameworks such as JQuery and Bootstrap. Experience with using tools such as Eclipse IDE, Git, Perforce, HPQC, Confluence/Jira, Subversion, Oracle Developer, Selenium QC, etc. Strong Experience with an RDBMS (Oracle, MySQL, Postgres, etc) and working with data formats like XML. Experience with Search Concepts, Search Engines such as FAST, and SEO a plus. Strong problem solving, web application debugging and troubleshooting skills using latest tools a must. Some working knowledge of systems and network administration in Linux and Windows, and be able to get around server using command line to perform common tasks. Experience with other server-side technologies including PHP, Perl, Ruby and Python a plus Experience with Linux programming or administration a plus. Experience with Agile Software Development process a plus. Must be detail oriented and a self-starter Multi-tasking with good follow through skills, good communication skills. Ability to work well in a team environment Ability to work alone and accomplish tasks without supervision If you are an individual with a disability who requires reasonable accommodation to complete any part of our application process, click here for further assistance. Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.