One of the nation’s largest and most respected hospital management companies, Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE: UHS) has built an impressive record of achievement and performance. Steadily growing since its inception to an esteemed Fortune 500 corporation, UHS today has annual revenues of $10 billion and 83,000 employees. In 2018, UHS was recognized for the eighth consecutive year as one of the World’s Most Admired Companies by Fortune; and in 2017, ranked 276 on the Fortune 500, and listed 275 in Forbes inaugural ranking of America’s Top 500 Public Companies. Our operating philosophy is as effective today as it was 40 years ago: Build or acquire high quality hospitals in rapidly growing markets, invest in the people and equipment needed to allow each facility to thrive, and become the leading healthcare provider in each community we serve. Headquartered in King of Prussia, PA, UHS has more than 81,000 employees and through its subsidiaries operates more than 320 acute care hospitals, behavioral health facilities and ambulatory centers in the United States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and the United Kingdom. The Corporate IS Department is seeking a dynamic and talented Information Security Analyst I. The Information Security Analyst I assists with the identification, implementation, maintenance, and support of technologies designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity or availability of UHS and affiliates information systems. The ISA works with technical and non-technical staff to insure that deployed technologies are effectively and efficiently providing the intended controls consistent with established policies and procedures. Where appropriate, the ISA trains and supports technical staff in UHS affiliated locations to deploy, manage and support selected technologies. May oversee the technical aspects of tasks assigned to less experienced staff or contractors on projects, systems or applications assigned to the ISA. Key Responsibilities include: Implement and maintain selected information security technologies within guidelines of policies and in keeping with good project management principles. Periodically review deployed security technologies to insure that the solutions continue to provide the intended protections efficiently and effectively. Identify gaps in protection and recommend solutions to remediate or mitigate the risks associated with the protection gaps. Work with staff at all levels in the organization, vendors and contractors to insure protections are effective, efficient and non-disruptive to the appropriate duties, rights and mission of the individuals and the organization(s). Adhere to UHS standards of service excellence, professionalism, and integrity while performing duties. Position Requirements: 5 years experience with desktop, server and/or network administration in a mixed computing environment. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field required. Excellent communication, interpersonal and project management skills Experience using some or all of the following or similar information security technologies: Active Directory Intrusion detection/prevention systems (IDS/IPS) Web filtering Vulnerability scanners Encryption technologies for data at rest and data in transit Mobile device and removable media protection or management systems Forensic analysis Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) systems Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE )databases Anti-Virus Device Control Familiarity with risk assessment and risk management concepts or processes. Working knowledge of various regulatory security requirements – particularly Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX), HIPAA, and HITECH. Ability to prioritize multiple tasks and be details oriented. An information security certification is a plus - to demonstrate proficiency and knowledge of information security best practices and concepts. Travel Requirements: Travel connected with projects for field locations will be necessary. This opportunity provides the following: Challenging and rewarding work environment Growth and development opportunities within UHS and its subsidiaries Competitive Compensation Excellent Medical, Dental, Vision and Prescription Drug Plan 401k plan with company match Generous Paid Time Off UHS is a registered trademark of UHS of Delaware, Inc., the management company for Universal Health Services, Inc. and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Universal Health Services, Inc. Universal Health Services, Inc. is a holding company and operates through its subsidiaries including its management company, UHS of Delaware, Inc. All healthcare and management operations are conducted by subsidiaries of Universal Health Services, Inc. To the extent any reference to "UHS or UHS facilities" on this website including any statements, articles or other publications contained herein relates to our healthcare or management operations it is referring to Universal Health Services' subsidiaries including UHS of Delaware. Further, the terms "we," "us," "our" or "the company" in such context similarly refer to the operations of Universal Health Services' subsidiaries including UHS of Delaware. Any employment referenced in this website is not with Universal Health Services, Inc. but solely with one of its subsidiaries including but not limited to UHS of Delaware, Inc. UHS is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at UHS via-email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of UHS. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by UHS as a result of the referral or through other means.