Under the direction of the Director IT Service Management, the Systems Administrator is a professional individual responsible for effective provisioning, installation/configuration, operation and maintenance of application systems supporting the IT service operation for MIHS. Job activities include overall application-specific systems management, i.e., implementation, administration, development, documentation and level 3 technical support for ITSM specific systems. (Examples of ITSM systems include incident management, discovery and configuration management, monitoring systems, asset management systems.) Experience with ServiceNow is highly preferred Qualifications: Requires a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems; or an equivalent combination of training and progressively responsible experience that will result in the required specialized knowledge and abilities to perform the assigned work in lieu of degree. Must have five (5) years of professional experience in an enterprise IT environment with above knowledge, skills and abilities. Experience should include in-depth knowledge of most, if not all, of the following: Systems monitoring, Systems discovery and event management tools, Server administration, Systems quality assurance and testing, knowledge of SQL and other relational databases, and scripting. Some Web software development experience (HTML, XHTML, XML, SOAP, WDSL) to include familiarity with system programming and web protocols, is preferred. Understanding of Active Directory and SCCM is desirable Web services and integration between hosted and cloud ITSM systems is essential. IT Service Management and the ITIL business process is required. ITIL foundation certification is required. Requires excellent troubleshooting skills, attention to detail and ability to lay out work in a well-planned and organized manner. Routinely applies working knowledge in multiple relevant disciplines through creative applications to problems/innovation. This position must be able to work effectively and demonstrate initiative in a fluid, fast-paced environment. Requires strong interpersonal and communication skills capable of training users in complex topics to include making presentations to internal groups. Is customer focused and demonstrates integrity and fosters trust. Able to write intricate system and user documentation. In addition, must be able to work with minimal supervision on multiple concurrent projects and be self-driven. Solid documentation and presentation skills are required. Requires the ability to read, write and speak effectively in English. Living our values At Maricopa Integrated Health System, our values inspire us to dream big and reach high. And we’re delivering some of the most sophisticated care in the country, while making a genuine difference in the lives of our patients and each other. That's the power of an environment driven by values like respect, leadership, compassion and education. We are: Maricopa Medical Center, a critical care hospital - the largest teaching hospital in AZ The Arizona Burn Center, a nationally renowned regional burn center- 2nd largest in the nation A level 1 Trauma Center and emergency department The Arizona Children’s Center at MIHS, a 24/7 Level 1 Pediatric Trauma Unit The Comprehensive Healthcare Center The Desert Vista Behavioral Health Center 12 Family Health Centers located throughout Maricopa County Come live these values and enjoy: Competitive wages Medical, dental and vision coverage Arizona State Retirement System Plan with a lifelong pension upon retirement Generous PTO + 10 holidays per year MIHS is an equal opportunity employer.