Re-envision Patient Care As a Call9 team member you will operate at the nexus of clinical excellence, engineering innovation and progressive enterprise in a culture that fosters ingenuity and innovation. By joining the Call9 team you’ll not only be a part of the future of healthcare you’ll be integrally involved in shaping it. About Call9 Call9 is recreating the patient experience by bringing care to the patient. Our innovative model connects off-site physicians with on-site emergency medicine trained first-responders via a proprietary telemedicine platform born of Silicon Valley and improved, every day, by our physician and product teams. Call9 provides a spectrum of emergency, follow-up, and palliative care services at the patient’s bedside in skilled nursing facilities (SNFs). Our physician team prevents harmful and unnecessary transfers to the hospital, delivering high quality, value-based care, that improves outcomes, saves money, and provides a superior experience for the patient, their family, and our physicians. _Take the next step in your career and work for a mission-driven organization that provides tremendous opportunity for growth, exciting challenges and work-life balance_ _!_ Call9 is changing the way we think of emergency medicine. We’re using technology to bring the emergency room to the patient. We save lives every single day while reducing stress on our patients and their families. Our talented clinicians deliver high-quality acute medical care and point-of-care testing at the moment of a patient’s emergency, in the facility, preventing costly and traumatizing trips to the hospital. At the heart of Call9 is care. Data @ Call9 The data engineering team at Call9 is responsible for transforming and analyzing the data we collect, in real-time, in order to support clinical, business, and engineering operations. Our Tech Stack We love open source! Our stack consists of React + Redux, Rails, and Android. Skills required for data engineer Highly proficient with SQL Experience with Ruby on Rails Experience with configuring and working with AWS Superior communication skills Ability to work in a fast paced, high growth, startup environment Experience working with an Agile and data-driven environment Questions about Call9 career opportunities? Contact Talent Acquisition at Cstringfellow@Call9.com _Call9 provides equal opportunity in employment for all qualified persons and prohibits discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, perceived sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, ancestry, age, veteran status, disability unrelated to job requirements, genetic information, military service, or other protected status as may be mandated by applicable Federal, State and local law. All personnel actions, including but not limited to those relating to compensation, benefits, termination, training and education, are based on the principle of equal employment opportunity._