Job Accountabilities Come join our North America Aerosol Division Team. We are seeking a Manager, Quality Assurance to lead and administer the Quality program at our Alsip, Illinois location. You will be charged with encouraging and promoting an atmosphere of safety, continuous improvement and World Class Performance to meet all our customer requirements throughout the plant with all personnel. The Manager, Quality Assurance ensures consistent quality of production by developing and enforcing good manufacturing practice (GMP) systems; validating processes; providing good customer relations documentation and managing staff. The Manager, Quality Assurance ensures that all external and internal requirements are met before products reach our customers; inspecting procedures, outputs and identifying mistakes or non-conformity issues. An excellent Quality Assurance Manager has eyes for detail and solid experience in quality control. The ideal candidate is a reliable and competent professional. The goal is to assure the high quality of our operations and services aiming to the long-term success of our business. Job Requirements Qualifications: The successful candidate’s skill requirements will include but not be limited to the following: Proven experience as a quality assurance manager or relevant role. Thorough knowledge of methodologies of quality assurance and standards. Excellent numerical skills and understanding of data analysis/statistical methods. Outstanding communication skills (oral and written) Excellent organizational and leadership abilities; attention to detail and a results driven approach. Bachelor’s degree. Minimum five (5) years hands-on experience in a manufacturing environment with proven Quality Management System oversight capability. Experience supervising subordinates is highly preferred. Proficient in MS Office. Excellent grasp and understanding of GFSI (SQF) scheme, SPC (Statistical Process Control). Six-Sigma, Lean Manufacturing or strong ISO background is a plus. Basic understanding of HACCP and GMPs. Must have a desire for achieving excellence in customer satisfaction, process and product quality and reliability. Dependable, reliable and trustworthy _CROWN Cork and Seal is an EEO/AA/Vets/Disabled Employer_ Benefits: A full benefits package including medical/dental/vision/insurance, life insurance, paid vacations, 401(k), pension and tuition reimbursement. Travel 10 - 20%