Control-Tec, an Aptiv company, is a global provider of telematics and analytics solutions serving the transportation industry in the Light-duty, Heavy-duty, Recreational, Agriculture, Locomotive, and Industrial sectors. The CT® solution combines comprehensive data acquisition methods with a powerful edge and cloud computing architecture resulting in an enterprise-class solution for fleet management, product development, connected vehicle and data exchange applications. Control-Tec’s Qualifier platform enables automotive OEMs to possess the speed, flexibility, reliability, cost savings and collaboration needed to successfully develop today’s software centric machines. Since 2008, Control- Tec has supported the development of data solutions that enable robust design, development and validation for powertrain, vehicle, and electrical system domains. This unmatched expertise of both vehicle systems and data analytics uniquely positions Control-Tec to offer our clients the ability to avoid warranty cost, improve product quality, enhance customer experience and optimize an increasingly connected portfolio. Position Summary: The Product Engineer (Data Acquisition) is a critical member of the team responsible for the design, development, functional verification and production support of a best-in-class automotive data acquisition and telematics tool suite. As a Product Engineer you will work to understand the state of the art in automotive systems, the automotive testing marketplace, and the needs of our vehicle data acquisition clients. You will help design, develop and support novel vehicle data acquisition solutions, allowing our customers to extract maximum value from their automotive test assets. Job Responsibilities Gather user feedback and synthesize customer desires into product solutions to be implemented by software engineers. Design and implement new solutions to satisfy customer needs related to powertrain/vehicle system development, validation, and testing. Research, analyze, and assist in the implementation of innovative methods to collect data from vehicle systems via CAN, Ethernet, analog and other sources. Develop and execute structured test plans for verification of prototype data acquisition hardware and software. Work alongside with and help train Independent Test & Verification team. Triage, root cause and resolve issues in vehicle data acquisition hardware and software systems. Conduct engineering tests to analyze the feasibility, design, operation, and performance of equipment, software, and systems. Continue to stay current in training in the latest automotive systems technology. Minimum Requirements Bachelor’s Degree - Electrical Engineering. Knowledge of engine, OBD, transmission or vehicle systems calibration, validation, development and test data collection. Knowledge of product development tools including data acquisition, management, and analysis tools. Experience with vehicle diagnostics and automotive communication networks (CAN, LIN, BroadR, etc.) Knowledge of C/C++ programming, Unix / Linux shell scripting would be an asset. Ability to self-manage, organize, execute and document detailed test plans. Strong written and oral communication skills are essential. Ability to see the “big picture” and understand how individual tasks interconnect and impact other parts of the testing process. Hands on experience with electrical circuits and wiring is a plus.