Position Responsibilities\Requirements: Job Summary: FIS seeks a talented Risk Analyst to work in our growing Vendor Risk Management domain. This person will primarily analyze financial, regulatory and strategic risk of our clients' vendor relationships. The ideal candidate has willingness and aptitude for research. He or she is highly organized, accountable, has excellent communication skills and is comfortable in a client-facing role. Operational Risk Management or Financial Industry domain experience preferred but not required. GENERAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: Support clients in ongoing risk monitoring vendor research Perform due diligence based on client-configured risk assessment analysis Provide client support by training clients on use of application and troubleshooting issues Lead implementation efforts to onboard clients to Vendor Risk Management product May provide business requirements to shape technical development of Vendor Risk Management product Support other Operational Risk products when required GENERAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES: Strong written and oral communication skills Strong ability to interface with and support clients Has the desire and ability to deliver exceptional customer service and adapt to the needs of multiple clients Strong research and analytical skills Microsoft Office experience Strong time management skills Project Management experience Accountability Should be observant to highlight deviations in the process Should be self-motivated to drive the assessment independently. Open to occasional travel Preferred experience in control testing (ISO 27001, vendor risk management, SSAE 16/ ISAE3402) EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's Degree or an equivalent combination of education and experience as required for specific job level Preferred experience in risk and/or banking With a 50-year history rooted in the financial services industry, FIS™ is the world's largest global provider dedicated to financial technology solutions. We champion clients from banking to capital markets, retail to corporate and everything touched by financial services. Headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida, our 53,000 worldwide employees help serve more than 20,000 clients in over 130 countries. Our technology powers billions of transactions annually that move over $9 trillion around the globe. FIS is a Fortune 500 company and is a member of Standard & Poor's 500® Index. FIS is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all personal information that we process in order to provide services to our clients. For specific information on how FIS protects personal information online, please see the FIS Online Privacy Notice. FIS is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf and here: www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf For positions located in the US, the conditions below apply. If you are made a conditional offer of employment, you will be required to undergo a drug test and background check (including criminal record check) ADA Disclaimer: In developing this job description care was taken to include all competencies needed to successfully perform in this position. However, for Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) purposes, the essential functions of the job may or may not have been described for purposes of ADA reasonable accommodation. All reasonable accommodation requests will be reviewed and evaluated on a case-by- case basis. As part of the selection process this role may require an assessment to determine suitability Recruitment at FIS works primarily on a direct sourcing model; a relatively small portion of our hiring is through recruitment agencies. FIS does not accept resumes from recruitment agencies which are not on the preferred supplier list and is not responsible for any related fees for resumes submitted to job postings, our employees, or any other part of our company. Recruitment at FIS works primarily on a direct sourcing model; a relatively small portion of our hiring is through recruitment agencies. FIS does not accept resumes from recruitment agencies which are not on the preferred supplier list and is not responsible for any related fees for resumes submitted to job postings, our employees, or any other part of our company.