Mandatory Skills Should have hands on experience of working with Solr, Lucene and applications where search was key functionality Spring – Should have 5+ years of experience developing application using Spring Spring Boot – Strong in Java/J2EE and with hands-on back-end end application integration experience Should be able to write quality code by following best practices and robust unit tests Hands-on experience developing RESTful APIs in Spring Boot framework or other technology Deep technical hands-on experience with Micro Service Hands-on experience developing in REST/JSON, combined with strong knowledge of concepts such as CORs (Cross Origins Resources), headers, security, JSON and http concepts Should have worked on cloud platforms e.g. Bluemix. Strong understanding of HTML, parsing HTMLs, Scraping HTML pages/data Nice to have Understand and some development experience of Angular 4/5 and Typescript Experience of search platforms e.g. Elastic Search, Watson Search, FAST ESP etc. Certifications of cloud and Java Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 WS Portal Themes & Skins dev PL2 Required 2 WS Portal Page Templates PL2 Required 3 Websphere Portal - Core API 's PL2 Desired 4 JSR PL2 Desired 5 Webservices - SOAP PL3 Desired 6 HTML 5 PL3 Desired 7 Spring MVC PL2 Desired 8 IBM Web Content Manager PL2 Desired 9 Hibernate PL2 Desired Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.