Job Description The Auto Club Group (ACG) provides membership, travel, insurance and financial services offerings to approximately 9 million members and customers across 11 states and 2 U.S. territories through the AAA, Meemic and Fremont brands. ACG belongs to the national AAA federation and is the second largest AAA club in North America. Primary Duties and Responsibilities (details of the basic job functions): The Data Engineer is responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross-functional teams. Responsibilities include: Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements. Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc. Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and Google Cloud Platform ‘big data’ technologies. Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics. Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs. Keep our data separated and secure across national boundaries through multiple data centers and cloud vendor regions. Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader. Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems. Supervisory Responsibilities (briefly describe, if applicable, or indicate None): none Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of Meta and Master Data Management Familiar with Google Cloud Platform Service cloud services like: Cloud Sql, BigQuery, DataFlow, DataPrep, AppEngine Knowledge of stream-processing systems: i.e.: Storm, Kafka, etc. Work Environment: Works in a temperature controlled office environment. Qualifications Required Qualifications (these are the minimum requirements to qualify): Education (include minimum education and any licensing/certifications): Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field Experience: 3+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases. Proficiency building and optimizing ‘big data’ data pipelines, architectures and data sets. Background performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement. Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management. A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets. Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable ‘big data’ data stores. Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment. Knowledge and Skills: Strong analytic skills related to working with structured and unstructured datasets. Project management and organizational skills. Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases Knowledge of data pipeline and workflow management tools: i.e.: Knime, DataFlow, DataPrep, Airflow, etc. Familiar with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: i.e.: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc. Familiar with big data tools. Examples include: Hadoop, BigQuery, Kafka, etc. The Auto Club Group offers a competitive compensation and benefits package including a base salary with performance based incentives; medical/dental/vision insurance, 401(k), generous time off, a complimentary AAA Membership and much more! Important Note: The above statements describe the principal and essential functions, but not all functions that may be inherent in the job. This job requires the ability to perform duties contained in the job description for this position, including, but not limited to, the above requirements. Reasonable accommodations will be made for otherwise qualified applicants, as needed, to enable them to fulfill these requirements. The Auto Club Group, and all of its affiliated companies, is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.