Software Developer We deliver our customers peace of mind every day by helping them protect what they value most. Our passion for placing the customer at the center of everything we do is driving a transformational shift at Liberty Mutual. Operating as a tech startup within a Fortune 100 company, we are leading a digital disruption that will redefine how people experience insurance. About the job: The candidate will be part of a talented agile team working to build the next generation of Policy Administration applications servicing North America Specialty business segment within Global Risk Solutions. Under general supervision, collaborates with other team members to develop and enhance low to medium complexity applications using the .NET stack. Codes, tests, debugs, documents, and maintains those software applications. Competent to independently work on the entire software development life cycle. Responsibilities will include: Collaborate with a team of globally distributed staff and consultants to deliver complex software solutions. Interact with customers and development team to gather and define requirements. Prepare comprehensive documentation and ensure timely completion of work. Conducts impact analysis, develops component level design and contributes to researching technical alternatives. Promote secure coding standards and best practices. Performs the following low to medium complexity activities: develops efficient, maintainable, defect-free source code that meets business requirements and architectural standards. Collaborates on development of unit test cases, and develops test scripts as needed. Provides functional/system integration testing support. Performs Quality Assurance coding review; defects or discrepancies in requirements identified and resolved with appropriate partners. Collaborates on troubleshooting production issues and performing root cause analysis. Identify improvement opportunities (performance tuning, load balancing, usability, automation etc.) Required Skills: 3-5 years of hands-on software design and development experience in commercial environments. 3-5 years of demonstrated experience of using C, .NET and Visual Studio skills in developing web applications and services preferably in an agile environment. Working experience with Microsoft SQL Server, IIS, ASP.NET and Web API. Experience in Test Driven Development (TDD) and developing automated unit tests. Experience working with agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, XP) and cross-functional teams (Product Owners, Scrum Masters, Developers, Designers, Test Engineers) Able to integrate with and manage APIs exposing services (REST, SOAP) including development and support of .NET /JavaScript services. Understanding of CI/CD process and tools, testing frameworks and practices (preferably GitHub, Jenkins/Bamboo, Mocha/Karma (or equivalent), etc.) Understanding of fundamental design principles for building a scalable application. Experience with modern engineering practices, cloud computing (AWS and development using micro services architecture is a strong plus). Knowledge of JavaScript, Angular, MongoDB, Node, CSS, and other related technologies will be a huge plus, but not required. OutSystems (vendor product) experience, WCF and PowerShell scripting will be a plus. Working knowledge of code analysis tools such as Sonar (or equivalent) and Atlassian tool suite (Jira, Wiki, Crucible) is a plus. We take care of our employees… We strongly believe that a great job should keep you happy both at work—and in life. That’s why we offer: Workplace Flexibility Wellness Perks Collaborative workspaces Sit/stand desks Career development, programs and classes Diversity & Inclusion programs Commuter Benefits Adoption Assistance College Savings Plan Education reimbursement Hackathon Events Job: Technology Primary Location: United States-Massachusetts-Boston Schedule: Full-time Salary: $74,600-$94,000 Education Level: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years) Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time