Position Information Job Title Data Center Operations Assistant Department Networking Telecommunications & Operations Full Time/Part Time Full-Time Requisition Number S19088 Open Date 08/10/2018 Close Date Salary Information Salary Commensurate with Experience and Qualifications Work Schedule Monday through Friday, 11:30 p.m. to 7:30 a.m. After hours as required. Benefits Eligible Yes Eligible for Overtime Yes Position Summary Under direct supervision and as a team member of the Office of Information Technology (OIT) division’s Data Center Operations, the Data Center Operations Assistant will provide customer service to the OIT Division and Rice University’s staff, faculty and students. The Data Center Operations Assistant will monitor data center operations, campus network infrastructure and associated connections to regional networks and commercial service providers, alerting appropriate IT system support staff and Data Center Operations Specialists of outages and other problems when they occur – playing a pivotal role in the OIT Division mission. The Data Center Operations Assistant will also monitor security cameras and manage access into Data Centers and operate various printing machines. Education Required HS Diploma or equivalent Concentration / Degree Type Substitution for Education Requirement Experience may not be substituted for the education requirement. Education Preferred Experience Required 6 months Type of Experience Experience in a technical environment. Substitution for Experience Requirement Education may not be substituted for the experience requirement. Experience Preferred Experience working with technical personnel (system administrators, programmers, network specialists, and consultants). License/Certification Required License/Certification Preferred Data Center Certification Skills Required Skills Preferred Understanding of technical jargon relevant to computing and networking Familiarity with current computing products, trends, and issues Ability to adapt to, learn from, and apply new computing and technology products via reading documents Actively seek continual improvement and development of organizational and presentations skills Ability to follow-through on work and assignments Internal / External Contacts Faculty, students, and staff primarily Occasional contractors and occasional delivery companies Physical Demands Working Conditions Security Sensitive Yes