Manager, Global Chevrolet Customer Experience Retail Integration Detroit, MI This position reports to the Global Chevrolet Customer Experience (CX) Director.The primary purpose is to establish customer experience as a competitiveadvantage by re-imagining retail with a forward-thinking approach to customerrequirements into facility design, experiences and tools. Integrate learningsfrom “Find New Roads @ Retail” into Global Design Intent Document. Operationalize people and processefficiencies through retail analytics and information (i.e. CSI, sales personthroughput etc.). Responsibilities 1.) Bringing the promise of Find New Roads to the retail environment throughlab prototyping to test and refine new technology and processes. Implement piloting, testing and refinementphases for at dealerships in key markets (globally). Develop global launch process for projectcomprehending unique market needs. 2.) Establishing IT and content structure for global retailroll-out by integrating across Global Chevrolet CX team and other key crossfunctional teams (GCCX, Accessories, Brand Teams, Retail Sales Support,Loyalty, CRM, CCA, CoL etc.). 3.) Aligning global Chevrolet organization around a commonfacility vision by developing and executing Global Design Intent Document. 4.) Role manages 3 internal employees and 2 onsite agencypersonnel. Competencies: Organizational Agility Action Oriented Drive for Results Dealing with Ambiguity Managerial Courage Strategic Agility Peer Relationships Building Effective Teams Customer Focus Global Business Savvy Skills Program Management Analytical/Organized Able to negotiate Strong Communication (oral and written skills) Strong presentation skills (Development and Delivery) Problem solver oriented and can work under pressure Ability to rapidly make/recognize effective trade-off decisions in a highlycomplex environment Proactive, Enthusiastic, Positive Attitude Qualifications Required: Previous global experience/support roles in brand/retailengagement Comprehensive understanding of the retail business Development of processes to support retail experience as well as implementationof process at dealerships Understanding of web based system development (brand websites,retail facility systems etc.) Experience directing agencies (scope, budget, timelines etc.) Strong relationship building skills across globally diverse teams Strong understanding of consumer requirements in the shoppingjourney and how the retail environment interconnects with other activities toimprove the overall experience Ability to deal with ambiguity and to clearly focus staff members Strong communication skills and organizational agility Bachelor degree or equivalent experience, MBA preferred