Financial Analyst III - Consumer Banking ( Job Number: 183086 ) TCF has an exciting opportunity in our financial group, supporting consumer banking. This position is located at our Plymouth Corporate Center. The Financial Analyst III will act as a subject matter expert for the Digital and Direct Banking teams. S/he will guide and consult our business partners as we execute on our purpose of serving the financial needs of our customers. This role will deliver high quality, complex, and timely information in support of a wide range of initiatives that measure ROI and drive sound business decisions. Major Areas of Accountability Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data. Transform analyses into concrete, actionable recommendations. Utilize data, statistical and quantitative analysis, explanatory and predictive modeling, and fact-based management to drive decision making Develop a broad understanding of the Digital business, products, market and emerging business priorities and capabilities and utilize data intelligence to support achievement of objectives Act as thought leader for the use of data and analytics to drive critical business decisions, business strategy and product management activities Understand and synthesize complex data into executive summaries and understand the financial metrics of a business decision Maintain awareness of external market influences to assess trends and develop actionable insights and recommendations to management Lead business case development for new product launches Monitor performance against the monthly forecast and annual budget through the preparation and review of variance analyses Minimum Qualifications Required: Bachelor’s degree in Business, Accounting, Finance, or equivalent experience Four to six years’ work experience or three years’ experience with advanced degree or professional certification Strong leadership and project management experience Strong problem solving ability Technical expertise regarding analytics and building complex financial models Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Adaptive learner; able to grasp and apply new concepts in a timely manner Skilled with data analysis, data extraction, data visualization and reporting & analytics Preferred: Professional certification (CFM, CMA, or CPA) or advanced degree Experience with Tableau Experience with and/or knowledge of the financial services industry, specifically banking Build your career with TCF You have room to grow at TCF. We promote from within whenever possible. You can expand your career in the financial services industry through our network of operations: retail and commercial banking, inventory and equipment financing, and corporate services. Established in 1923, TCF has maintained a strong foundation. TCF has over 340 branches in Minnesota, Illinois, Michigan, Colorado, Wisconsin, Indiana, Arizona and South Dakota, providing retail and commercial banking services. TCF also conducts commercial leasing, indirect auto finance, and equipment finance business in all 50 states, and commercial inventory finance business in all 50 states and Canada. Build a better community with TCF We are helping make life better in the communities we serve, and we encourage our team members to do so as well. We offer free financial education for teens and adults. Our foundation contributes more than $3 million annually, with preference for organizations where our team members volunteer. We match team members’ contributions to qualified Organizations and we match volunteers with organizations that need the time and talents our team members can provide. Our Benefits TCF encourages open employee communications and promotes from within whenever possible. We offer competitive pay, a comprehensive benefits plan, and opportunities for career advancement. For more details on our benefits, click on the Employee Benefits link on our career page. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, or other status protected by applicable law. TCF is proud to be an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation. Primary Location : USA-Minnesota-Plymouth-Us-Mn-Plymouth- 1405 Xenium Lane N Work Locations : Us-Mn-Plymouth- 1405 Xenium Lane N 55441