null Data Engineer Ten-X Commercial is the CRE marketplace that is a force multiplier for sellers, buyers and brokers. Ten-X precision-matches assets, accelerates close rates, and streamlines the entire transaction process with more than $55 billion in sales and increasing daily. Leveraging desktop and mobile technology, Ten-X allows people to safely and easily complete real estate transactions entirely online. We bring quality assets to the market and attract prospective investors from around the world. By virtue of our best-in- class marketing and scalable technology platform, buyers and seller are able to conduct transactions in an efficient manner. Ten-X empowers consumers, investors and real estate professionals with unprecedented levels of flexibility, control and simplicity – and the convenience of transacting properties whenever and wherever they want. As real estate continues to move online, Ten-X is uniquely positioned at the forefront of this dramatic industry evolution. https://www.ten-x.com/ The Role: Data and our ability to leverage it is seen and championed as a key competitive advantage from our CEO on down. We are looking for a top tier data engineer to work with our data science team on building out proprietary tools and models around our customer and asset data (both internal and external sets). You will be working on key projects that have board level visibility. Responsibilities Play a leading role in designing, developing and implementing Big Data databases (Hadoop, Graph, MySQL, NoSQL, MongoDB) that contains multiple data sets from both internal and external sources Lead the setup of data pipelines of new internal and external data sets into the database Work with Data Scientists to help dedupe and fuzzy match data Work with software engineers on developing APIs Experience Undergraduate degree (ideally a Masters) in a relevant quantitative subject (Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Economics, etc.) 5+ Years’ Experience in data engineering, including: 2+ years in a modern data stack environment, specifically the Hadoop stack, 3+ Years' Python experience relating to data engineering Experience with iterative Agile methodologies and use of supporting tools like JIRA, Confluence and Git Experience in the following will be a plus: Spark Kafka Clickstream data Machine Learning Streaming Data Elastic Search Containers (Docker) Fuzzy Matching / NLP Ability to understand business problems and translate them into data science requirements Understanding and Familiarity with: Hadoop and all the related stack (Pig, Hive, HBase, etc.) SQL skills and SQL Databases Strong oral and written communication skills and be able to communicate complex technical knowledge in meaning terms Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and fluidly adapt to changing priorities Must be passionate about getting to the root cause of issues and driving to whys Proven ability to obtain buy-in/ partner with the data science team, including demonstrated ability to partner with functional leaders toward common goals Well-developed analytical and interpersonal skills with ability to draw conclusions and communicate/present them confidently and effectively to broad audiences, including senior leadership High energy and passion about solving business needs through data Organized, structured thinker with ability to handle multiple assignments, remain calm under pressure, and digest information from multiple, disparate parts Continuous improvement mindset Not afraid to challenge conventional thinking or analyses LI-ES1