Join us as we pursue our disruptive new vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and seek to deliver the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we’re committed to our work, customers, having fun and most importantly to each other’s success. Learn more about Splunk careers and how you can become a part of our journey! Role: That’s a cool job! I want it! Do you want to make an impact and help a company go to the next level? Do you love working behind the scenes and helping a global sales team? Then the Quote to Order Analyst role, might be the role for you! In this role you will work with the Sales Operations, Best Practice, Order Management and Biz Apps teams to handle the day to day Salesforce administration and data maintenance. You will be a strong teammate who is highly organized, intellectually curious, a fast learner, and able to move quickly while keeping focused on high work volume. Become an integral part of a high-energy, fun, diverse team with significant chances to create a positive impact on the business! Responsibilities: Administer end to end “Quote to Order” process, including overall governance, auditing, reviewing discount and other approvals and timely submission of sales orders Assist Sales with completing complex quotes including providing Ad-hoc training when needed Review and validate sales related agreements for completeness and accuracy in compliance with Quote to Order policies and procedures You will work closely with Partner Operations, Distribution Operations, Sales Operations, Partner Development and Order Management teams to ensure quotes and orders meet defined criteria for factors such as booking and revenue recognition (i.e. Proof of Sell Thru, billing) Reconcile amounts on orders submitted from Sales to the reported bookings and revenues received from Finance You will work with Order Management and Sales on non-compliant orders and provide direction and clarity on steps to resolve order issues Document, communicate, and make sure policies and processes are being followed You will act as point of contact for Partner and Sales questions relative to quotes, order status, deal registration process adherence, etc. Communicate and collaborate on process challenges with internal teams for process efficiencies Work closely with the IT team to understand, review & provide inputs on the Order to Cash process Act as a Power User and help fix the issues working with IT team Participate in projects which include quality, data migration/remediation and other business initiatives Review the end to end test scenarios/cases, provide inputs to the validation rules/test cases Participate in the UAT and review the QA Test execution results Deliver ad-hoc assignments and produce metrics as business requires Requirements: I’ve already done that or have that! Bachelor’s Degree in Business or equivalent practical experience 1-2 years Salesforce experience Strong knowledge and experience in Sales Operations (preferably in a software and or SaaS (Software-As-A-Service) sales organization) Ability to handle multiple, opposing priorities with management support Excellent attention to detail, accuracy and timely adherence to deadlines Ability to adapt to changing processes and follow them, as well as suggest changes, where needed Excellent written and verbal communication skills – ability to compose effective and accurate correspondence cross-functionally with various internal and external parties Ability to organize, problem-solve and work with assigned contacts Scheduling flexibility, as required, during critical periods such as Quarter/Year End close, etc. We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which the candidate is applying. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.