JD.com is looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to join the Y Business Unit in our Silicon Valley R&D; Center. At JD.com, you will be working with a team of world class research scientists and engineers. Your main responsibility is to build the data pipelines and machine learning platforms to power one of the largest supply chain networks in the world. You will develop complex data processing pipelines, write scalable web services, build experimentation platforms, and design and implement optimization and machine learning algorithms. Responsibilities Develop and maintain data infrastructure systems that power statistical and machine learning models on large-scale datasets. Own data quality throughout all data lifecycles, including acquisition, cleaning, processing, and validation. Write and maintain APIs to serve data for various types of data consumers. Build an experimentation platform to facilitate A/B testing and model selection. Build platforms to facilitate the rapid iteration of machine learning and optimization algorithms. Work closely with the algorithm and engineer teams in both the US and China. Qualifications PhD or Master's degree with equivalent experience in Computer Science or related fields. Deep understanding of big data technologies (MapReduce, Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Kafka, etc.) and machine learning. Proficiency in at least one of the following programming languages: Java, C++, Scala, Python, Go. Solid foundation in data structures, algorithms, and system design, with excellent debugging and troubleshooting skills, especially in a cloud environment. Excellent communication skills and a strong team player. About JD-Y team JD Y Business Unit (JD-Y) focuses on building a smart supply chain and using AI to drive retail reform. JD-Y applies AI algorithm and use data-driven approaches in product assortment, inventory management, pricing and promotion. It also leverage big data technologies in smart retail to lower the costs of distribution. JD-Y is working with leaders in industry and academia to design and build the next generation supply chain management system.