The San Francisco Conservatory of Music seeks a highly organized, energized, analytical, technologically savvy, and versatile generalist willing to serve as our Registrar. Job Duties SFCM relies on the Registrar to ensure the integrity of our programs by maintaining accurate academic records for current and former collegiate students and enforcing policies and procedures related to the academic progress of our more than 400 undergraduate and graduate students. With the support of one half-time associate and a student worker, the Registrar prepares the collegiate course schedule; organizes and implements the orientation and registration procedures; evaluates transfer credits for prospective transfer students; and produces diplomas. The incumbent compiles statistics necessary for reports to accrediting and governmental agencies, external surveys, and the Board of Trustees and monitors the distribution of advising materials, class and grade rosters; and schedules courses and assigns classrooms. As a Designated Service Officer (DSO) for international students , the Registrar must stay current with all regulations concerning the administration of the international student program, the issuing of documents, and reporting to accreditors and Federal Agencies. The incumbent is also the School Certifying Official for VA benefits. Finally, the Registrar coordinates with faculty to schedule the end of year performance juries. The Registrar oversees online registration and general registration management; performs degree audits; and maintains and updates the Academic Affairs Wiki (google sites). The incumbent is also responsible for Separations Management and works with students who are considering or coming back from a leave of absence or separation; the administration of Veteran's Benefits; and reporting for external entities (e.g. National Student Clearinghouse, IPEDS, College Board and others). Qualifications Almost one-third of the Conservatory's students come from outside the United States; therefore, the ability to communicate with students from other cultures is essential for success in this position. Also essential are a strong attention to detail and solid oral and written communication skills. In addition, candidates should possess an understanding of the unique aspects of a collegiate music curriculum. Familiarity with AACRAO, NASFA, and FERPA guidelines is assumed. Candidates should be comfortable enforcing policies and procedures. We are also looking for candidates who have a solid understanding of the advantages and quirks of PowerCampus; however, knowledge of other student database programs will also be considered. Knowledge of SQL and best practices in database management is helpful. Also, given the context in which the incumbent will be working, and understanding and appreciation of music is helpful. How to Apply We prefer to receive applications online, through our website. This position will be posted until filled. EOE The San Francisco Conservatory of Music is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Personnel decisions regarding applicants for employment are made without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), status as a Vietnam-era veteran or special disabled veteran, age, citizenship, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws. (ref. 4408)