ARE YOU READY to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level? Do you have a passion for using new technologies to make a positive impact on business and community? Want a role that provides you with a sense of purpose and satisfaction? Then join Accenture Technology’s Cloud First group and build a rewarding career improving the way the world works and lives, as you help clients shift to the New using leading-edge technologies on some of the coolest projects you can imagine. Focus on leading cloud technology based solutions like SFDC, Google, Pegasystems and other emerging Cloud Applications to offer comprehensive, industry-focused cloud services that includes strategy, implementation, migration and managed services. Drive broader transformational programs for clients. Thrive in our highly collaborative, digitally-driven and innovation- led environment. Nurture your talent for thoughtful and game changing solutions in our inclusive culture that values diversity of ideas, experiences and backgrounds. Job Description The Pega Developer is a key member of our Delivery organization in the US. In addition to being responsible for developing high performing solutions on the Pega platform, the Pega Developer will be knowledgeable on reporting and integrations and provide insight in business analysis, conduct needs assessments and configure apps, as required. Our clients are world leading organizations that are/have selected Pegasystems to advance their business and the Pega Developer is an essential team member inside the organization. We can hire for this role anywhere in the US, as long as you are located near an Accenture office, and willing and able to travel domestically approximately 80% of the time to meet client needs. Come join the 1 Pega Partner (for the 6th year in a row)!! _Typical Day Snapshot – Pega Developer_ New challenges and opportunities arise every day for our Pega consultants and their roles will vary based on the projects where they are engaged. The work is truly exciting and interesting and will require our Pega Developers to: Work with members of the team to analyze business requirements, translating those requirements, in to customized solutions using the Pega 7 platform. Implement Pega solutions that adhere to platform best practices. Will be responsible for Coding and unit testing using Pega OOTB features based on the design provided by the Lead System Architect. Maintain effective team relations and rapport – delivering timely and relevant information.