Organization and Job ID Job ID: 308130 Directorate: National Security Division: Computing & Analytics Group: Data Sciences & Analytics Job Description Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of today’s most challenging problems that face our Nation? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)! For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors’ missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation! Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNL’s National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and deep learning research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses related to quantitative social science, human language technologies, computer vision, real-time streaming algorithms, national security, disaster response and recovery, health security, image/video understanding and other related fields. The data scientist in applied natural language processing should have experience in one or more application areas including, but not limited to, machine learning, social media analytics, information extraction, natural language processing. have experience applying machine learning, statistics, and mathematical modeling to have experience in one or both of the following areas: in constructing functional prototypes using Python. data wrangling and data engineering. have ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery. have interest, curiosity and technical depth to support the development and advancement of a variety of applied problems specific to the national security community. Operating on the data-information-knowledge continuum, staff at PNNL employ diverse methods to confront significant problems of national interest—from distilling distributed data into knowledge that supports decision processes, to enabling resilient technologies that enhance computing at extreme scales, to equipping cyber defenders with tools that prevent damaging cyber-attacks. Our research portfolio—spanning from basic to applied—includes data and computational engineering, high-performance computing, applied mathematics, semantic and human language technologies, machine learning, data and computing architectures, systems integration, and software and application development. Computing researchers and practitioners work side by side to apply advanced theories, methods, algorithms, models, evaluation tools and testbeds, and computational-based solutions address complex scientific challenges affecting energy, biological sciences, the environment, and national security. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's with 0-1 years' experience or a Master's degree with 0 years' experience is required. Degree in computer science, mathematics, computational linguistics or other closely related field. Working knowledge of data engineering, data science, and software design and architecture principles. Equal Employment Opportunity Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov. Other Information This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance. Requirements: U.S. Citizenship Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B. Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP). Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated. _Directorate: _ _National Security Dir_ _Job Category: _ _Computation and Information Sciences_ _Group: _ _Data Sciences & Analytics_ _Opening Date: _ _2018-07-24_ _Closing Date: _ _2018-08-14_