Solution Architect - OEM - ( 18001509 ) Description The Solution Architect - OEM is responsible for providing pre-sales technical support for Ruckus Networks OEM partners. This role will support OEM sales teams to win new business or provide support to ensure OEM customers and their prospects achieve immediate return on their network investments. Perform in-depth technical presentations and design recommendations for OEM partners and their customers, partners or integrators on new market platforms, network infrastructures or network management solutions. Conduct or participate in OEM partner meetings related to solutions, systems architectures, design and overall deployment providing best practice. Responsible for: Assist with the sales strategy development, and design of complex networking topology for OEM partner's prospects in addition to providing them mentorship/guidance on technology trends Participate in supporting the OEM partners in preparation of detailed proposals and project deployments, and RFEs. Educating OEM partners on benefits of Ruckus solutions Building and maintaining relationships with OEM partner in order to increase preference and demand for Ruckus products and services. Providing technical updates to OEM partner, their customers and business partners Assisting with complex bid support -Account management - relationship with technical peers (OEM partner & customer) Assistance at marketing events Preparation & delivery of proof of concept activities Takes a lead role in partner and customer meetings related to solutions, systems architectures, design and overall deployment. Works with sales execs to schedule, prepare and lead technical product presentations and discussions with an emphasis on achieving technical closure within sales opportunities Takes the lead role in developing and performing product / solution demonstrations during the sales process, schedule and set up customer proof of concepts / trials Drives corporate knowledge base within Ruckus and provides insight and competitive information into the company on market trends with OEM partner or customer’s solution needs Conducts periodic reports to OEM partner on market demands, changes to customer adoption, and opportunity analysis. Communication driver between field and corporate on technical issues and provide technical resource for escalation of technical issues to the appropriate internal resource, with bug reporting/tracking. This role will be based in Austin, Texas and paired to a WW Strategic Account Director in the same location, and covering sales through OEM partners. Travel can be up to 50% of the time. Qualifications Additional Skills: Strong networking background in Wireless/RF, Switching/Routing, Secure Access protocols (802.11a/b/g/n/ac, 802.1x, VLANs, STP, OSPF, RIP, BGP, Multicast, MPLS, etc.) Ruckus product experience or relevant experience in key competitor offerings Professional level networking industry certifications like BPIPA, JNCIP, WiSE, WiSE-SZ, RWCA-SE, CWNA, CCNP etc. is preferred. Basic Qualifications: Undergraduate or graduate degree in Electrical, Computer Engineering; Computer Programming; Information Technology; Management Information Systems; Computer Science; Mathematics Minimum 10 years of experience working with wireless/wired technologies OR Equivalent networking certifications and 8 years of experience and verified track record needed As an EOE/AA employer, ARRIS will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant’s race, color, religion, sex, national origin, and veteran or disability status. Primary Location : NORTH_AMERICA-United States-TX-USATXAUS-Austin Job : Network Enterprise Sales Travel : Yes, 50 % of the Time Job Posting : Aug 9, 2018, 2:18:06 PM Job Type : Experienced