What you’ll be doing... As a member of Verizon’s ICSA Labs engineering team, you will be responsible for the development and lifecycle of lab tools and applications used in the process of testing and certifying network and system security products. As an ideal candidate, you will be a Full Stack developer and have experience with malcode analysis. Additionally, you will contribute to the improvement of existing as well as the development of new testing methodologies. You will provide mentorship to other team members and assist the team in research and development of new testing opportunities. You will need to possess solid experience in software development and be able to combine broad given directions with observations to formulate a plan of self-directed activities. The ability to work both collaboratively and independently as is appropriate and necessary is essential. (PLEASE NOTE: THIS IS AN ON-SITE POSITION LOCATED IN MECHANICSBURG PA. ONLY APPLY IF INTERESTED IN RELOCATING TO THAT AREA) Manage and perform all aspects of designing, developing, deploying, and maintaining existing and new applications, tools, and systems used for testing security products Participate in high-level design meetings and discussions with management, peers, and customers, offering technical guidance and expertise to deliver and own eloquent and robust solutions that meet or exceed expectations while maintaining overall platform security and consistency Conducting root cause analysis to identify and resolve complex problems and going beyond initial repairs to update software and/or procedures to handle or avoid recurrences Providing additional recommendations to maintain business continuity and operational health Identifying, promoting, and developing appropriate lab-wide technical capabilities Work both independently and in a technically diverse team setting to research and analyze solutions in accordance with stakeholder and end user expectations or requirements What we’re looking for... You'll need to have... 8 or more years of experience with software development and systems engineering, including design, documentation, and maintenance In-depth knowledge and experience with malcode analysis Knowledge of TCP/IP networking protocols Knowledge and experience in a variety of UNIX and Windows operating systems and hypervisors such as VMware Experience configuring, building, installing, and modifying open-source software In-depth knowledge and experience in multiple programming and scripting languages, including C and Python In-depth knowledge and experience with SQL databases Experience with using and creating RESTful services Experience with code repositories and version control, preferably git and cvs Even better if you have... Demonstrated ability to learn new languages or platforms as needed Knowledge of network and information security practices, including experience with security products such as network firewalls and anti-virus Experience with authoring supporting documentation, measurement, analysis, and improvement of operational procedures When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better.