Overview Bedrock Manufacturing’s Salesforce System Administrator is responsible for supporting the Shinola and Filson Salesforce environment. As a member of our team, you will be dedicated to ensuring that we are maximizing efficiency and capitalizing on the full benefits of the system based on user requirements. Additionally, the Administrator will perform basic updates, such as add/delete users, and adding basic custom development, as well as supporting and troubleshooting any technical issues. A successful candidate will need to interact with other internal and external technical resources, as well as functional Business Analysts and Project Managers. Responsibilities Understand all aspects of Salesforce configuration and technical / functional capabilities Manage all new user setups and deactivation, including transferring ownership of accounts/contacts/opportunities for deactivated users Manage all security settings and conduct regular security / configuration audits Participate in system implementation projects including but not limited to requirements documentation, systems configuration, test documentation/execution, issue identification and resolution. Maintain updated system documentation and Salesforce polices / procedures Support Marketing’s use of Salesforce, including assisting with mailing list generation/cleanup as needed and helping Marketing automate processes related to campaigns Support business-critical systems using developed IT management standards Maintains a high-level familiarity with other IT system / business application capabilities and scope definition to make recommendations about potential upstream/downstream integration or functionality intersection points. Provides work estimates that permit prioritization and assignments to be made Oversee day to day operations, maintenance, and support of Salesforce CRM environment. Qualifications Hands on Salesforce System Administration experience 2 to 5 years of work experience in IT 2 to 3 years of experience with Salesforce Service Cloud and Marketing Cloud General knowledge of Web applications and Internet architecture Ability to work independently, prioritize and solve problems proactively Demonstrate the ability to work systematically and logically to analyze situations, resolve problems, identify root causes, and anticipate implications Team player with customer focus Clear and effective communications skills Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS, Computer Engineering, or equivalent technical degree Shinola is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status. I you need assistance on an accommodation during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request. The company is pleased to provide such assistance, and no applicant will be penalized as a result of such a request. LI-POST