Summary of Position The Business Analyst is the liaison between cross-functional teams and is responsible for supporting the development of divisional improvement initiative projects from conception through deployment, inclusive of analysis, requirements definition, testing, and dissemination of project information. This individual should be able to bring abstract concepts of business intelligence (BI) to general understanding for the company. The Business Analyst is also responsible for preparing reports to be used for ongoing key performance initiatives, optimization of processes and reports, as well as data sets that are utilized for monthly financial performance and operational analysis. Essential Functions Physical presence in the office to accomplish these tasks, meet and work with others Subject matter expert of divisional operations and systems. Develops and maintains business line performance reporting. Elicit requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, tasks and workflow analysis. Execute analytical projects in support of business line operations. Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs. Proactively communicate and collaborate with external and internal customers to analyze information needs and functional requirements and maintain business processes effectively. Utilize your experience in using enterprise-wide requirements definition and management systems and methodologies required. Successfully engage in multiple initiatives simultaneously. Defines, builds and manages processes to enhance the value of internal and external data. Develops functional requirements of systems to improve quality, performances, external interfaces and constraints. Strong analytical and project management skills required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements. Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts. Work closely with IS development team and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs. Develops functional requirements of systems to improve quality, performances, external interfaces and constraints. Outline requirement specifications with the use of standard templates. Establishes responsible deadlines and personal work plans and manages time effectively. Review requirements with the business, elicit feedback, integrate feedback into requirements as necessary. Conduct user acceptance testing to ensure the system can be used easily, quickly and accurately and that all identified requirements have been met. Perform other duties as assigned. Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, or sit for up to eight hours; use hands to manipulate or feel objects, tools or controls; reach with hands and arms; climb stairs; talk or hear. The employee must occasionally lift or move office products and supplies, up to twenty pounds. Experience Required At least 3 years’ experience. Experience working with internal and external customers. Demonstrated experience with current systems analysis principles, methods, procedures, tools and techniques. Proven ability to communicate effectively with displayed levels of knowledge, skills and responsibilities. Education Required Bachelor’s Degree in Business Analytics or related field.