The NFL's Next Gen Stats team is seeking an experienced researcher to help develop storylines using Next Gen Stats data to help support our various platforms at NFL Media including NFL Network, NFL.com and NFL Social Media. Candidate will work embedded within the NFL Research team while closely collaborating with the Next Gen Stats team. Next Gen Stats Researchers will work as a vital liaison between Next Gen Stats and NFL content teams. The ideal candidate will have a background in research, is an avid football fan with extensive knowledge of the players and game, and feels comfortable mining data for stories. Candidates must be self-motivated, and work well under tight deadlines. Essential Functions: Responsible for developing storylines based on own research within large data sets Responsible for developing ideas for various forms of content for studio production shows and helps see that the ideas are executed as graphics, segments, pieces and more. Provides routine weekly research notes to internal production staff to help inform of best Next Gen Stats storylines Develops original storylines and datapoints that provide statistical analysis of events, news stories and topical issues. Recognize and anticipate league and team trends, applying appropriate statistics to create content Assist production team with Next Gen Stats data research tool Initiate development in football analytics using Next Gen Stats Ensures accuracy of data before distribution Expected Hours of Work: Minimum 40-hour work week May work overtime as needed Extensive football knowledge required. Comfortable working with large sets of data Advanced excel user required Coding skills not mandatory, but encouraged Must be able to communicate information accurately. Strong grammar skills. Must be able to adhere to strict deadlines and react to breaking news. Strong attention to detail Preferred Education and Experience: College degree preferred. Two years professional experience working with statistics or covering or analyzing sports events, news and issues is preferred. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled