Job Description The Water Department is seeking qualified applicants to fill a business analysis analyst position assigned to the Data Analysis & Planning group. This position will be responsible for the day-to-day administration of the Stormwater Plan Review Database and the Field Inspection Application, systems that facilitate the review, approval and inspection of stormwater management practices throughout the City. In addition to tracking internal business workflows, these systems represent a repository of regulatory compliance data that is frequently queried, analyzed and packaged for reporting to the State and Federal government as part of the DepartmentŌĆÖs compliance obligations. The business analyst will supervise a Database Programmer, including the management of workload, assignment and prioritization of tasks and administration of the ProgrammerŌĆÖs staff augmentation contract. The person in this position will be required to comprehensively understand, document and interpret business requirements in order to perform data quality checks, streamline internal and external reporting and improve the existing systems through targeted enhancements. The business analyst will also be responsible for the development of an RFP to solicit qualified vendors for the purpose of redeveloping the Stormwater Plan Review Database and Field Application into a web-based application. This requires an ability to quickly assess and understand the CityŌĆÖs competitive bidding process, lead the drafting and finalization of the RFP and manage the proposal evaluation and selection process. Once a vendor is selected, the business analyst will be responsible for managing the redevelopment project. It is critical that the existing systems continue to function appropriately for users until the new system is implemented. Additional opportunities for growth exist with respect to data governance and the development of a larger data group within the Wet Weather Compliance program. The interpretation, scoping and processing of data requests; enhancements across several source systems relevant to regulatory compliance reporting; the management of a business intelligence reporting solution (known as the ŌĆ£HubŌĆØ) and the management and coordination of changes to source systems represent specific growth areas. This position will report directly to the Supervisor of the Data Analysis & Planning group. Essential Functions ’é¦ Manage the workload and performance of a Database Programmer, including prioritizing tasks, reviewing work products and providing feedback. ’é¦ Administer a Staff Augmentation contract, including the review of timesheets, budget tracking and approval of monthly invoices. ’é¦ Act as the subject matter expert for both private development and retrofit ŌĆ£pipelinesŌĆØ i.e. two of the DepartmentŌĆÖs significant stormwater management programs. ’é¦ Build an organized library of all business analysis documentation ’é¦ Develop business process and work flow diagrams. ’é¦ Manage stakeholder relationships and foster continuous communication. ’é¦ Accountable for gathering sign off on all required documentation. ’é¦ Communicate status of on-going and future tasks to supervisor. ’é¦ Responsible for scoping, testing and implementing enhancements to existing systems. ’é¦ Perform the role of project manager for the redevelopment of the Stormwater Plan Review Database and Field Inspection Application. ’é¦ Define scope of work, requirements and deliverables for the redevelopment of the Stormwater Plan Review Database and Field Inspection Application. ’é¦ Lead the development of an RFP, including the management of RFP drafting and posting, organization of proposal submissions, proposal selection process and contract conformance. ’é¦ Responsible for timelines and quality control for on-time and on-budget completion of tasks and projects. ’é¦ Other duties as assigned. Competencies, Knowledge, Skills and Abilities ’é¦ Ability to effectively communicate technical and business level information to diverse audiences. ’é¦ Demonstrated ability to build and maintain relationships. ’é¦ Create a shared understanding of problems and/or projects to facilitate the determination of potential solutions. ’é¦ Ability to assess alternatives and lead stakeholders toward solutions. ’é¦ Conduct white boarding/ brainstorming sessions with stakeholders. ’é¦ Adhere to all required activities needed in each phase of the project including Discovery, Requirements, Design, Development, Deployment and Operations. ’é¦ Understand and follow steps of various SDLC methodologies. ’é¦ Facilitate meetings of managers and users at various levels in the organization. ’é¦ Work with cross-functional/cross departmental teams. ’é¦ Meet deadlines in an environment of changing priorities. ’é¦ Learn fast in a dynamic environment ’é¦ Maintain enthusiasm and dedication. ’é¦ Multitask. ’é¦ Detail oriented. ’é¦ Business analysis techniques and tools. ’é¦ Designing and implementing test processes ’é¦ Organize the collection of feedback and comments, as necessary. ’é¦ Project management principles.