AECOM is actively seeking a highly motivated Entry Level Traffic Engineer for employment in the Houston, TX office locations. AECOM is pleased to include you in a unique development opportunity, the Graduate Development Program (GDP). This program is designed to support your assimilation into the organization and assist with creating a foundation of knowledge for a successful career at AECOM. You will gain experience in your discipline through learning on the job and participate in development opportunities during the program, including access to AECOM's social media resources, group mentoring, and professional networking. The program also has learning activities that will be available to you, including webinars and online programs. Imagine working on rewarding projects within a diverse culture, and having access to exceptional training and career development opportunities. Working at AECOM means being part of a global team, working with award-winning professionals across the world. Aspire to be a key player on some of the best projects regionally, with opportunities to work on projects nationally or internationally. Our people bring deep industry knowledge to help you succeed. Under the responsible charge of a Professional Engineer: \+ Perform data collection including site visits and collect data. \+ Exercise judgment in making preliminary selections and adaptations of engineering alternatives. \+ Execute engineering assignments such as preparing reports, analyzing data, performing engineering calculations, designing engineering plans, estimating project costs, modeling traffic patterns, creating graphics and presentations, and more. \+ Perform systems engineering tasks for software and technology products such as determining needs and functional requirements, and testing end products. \+ Research and apply new technologies in the industry, such as big data, data analytics, and connected / automated vehicles. \+ Build trusting working relationships with clients and colleagues. Minimum Requirements \+ Bachelor’s Degree in Civil Engineering with an emphasis in traffic or transportation engineering or related field. \+ Capable of using spreadsheet, word processing and standard office software. \+ Basic knowledge of industry standard computer software for the position (examples include software such as of MicroStation, Synchro, VISSIM). \+ Knowledge of traffic engineering concepts and working knowledge of traffic analysis software programs. Preferred Qualifications \+ Master's Degree with emphasis in traffic \+ 1+ years of experience in the areas of developing roadway traffic plans, ITS plans, and performing traffic analysis. \+ Experience in the areas of developing roadway traffic plans, ITS plans, and performing traffic analysis. \+ Engineer-in-Training (EIT) or Fundamentals of Engineering (FE) preferred. \+ Excellent communication, critical thinking, and technical writing skills. What We Offer AECOM is a place where you can put your innovative thinking and business skills into high gear and work alongside other highly intelligent and motivated people. It's a place where you can apply your skills to some of the world's most challenging, interesting, and meaningful projects worldwide. It's a place that values the diversity of our areas of practice and our people. It's what makes AECOM a great place to work and grow. AECOM is an equal opportunity employer and Minorities, Females, Veterans, and Disabled persons are encouraged to apply. For further information, please click here to view the EEO Is The Law poster.