The Technical Operations Manager leads and oversees activities of the entire Account Management department. Expand and maintain relationships with strategically important and large consumers directly and via the team. Assigned to the highest-value key consumers, the Technical Operations Manager is responsible for assigned strategic account targets and sales quota of Account Management Team. Job Description Lead the Account Management Team to ensure that the consumers’ needs are being assessed, clarified, validated, and addressed in a timely manner. Proactively lead the business’s strategic account planning processes and develop performance objectives, sales targets, and critical milestones for weekly/monthly/annual periods. Drive and develop account specific growth strategies, approaches, and forecasting Establish revenue goals and strategies that advance the accounts’ performance and enables the achievement of the department’s as well as the business’s financial objectives Develop and maintain healthy relationships with senior managers for all key accounts to guarantee their smooth execution. Develop key vendor relationships and negotiate rates on service delivery Implement long term planning to establish a solid understanding of the competitive market to realize how best to acquire and retain high-value consumers. Work across multiple departments to ensure the financial and operational goals are being met. Work with the HR department, establishing the recruitment criteria for the account management department to ensure efficient execution of duties and overall performance. Analyze data on consumers and the market to identify key improvement areas in account maintenance and management. Cushman & Wakefield provides equal employment opportunity. Discrimination of any type will not be tolerated. Cushman & Wakefield is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law.