Plans and prepares production schedules for manufacture of industrial or commercial products by performing the following duties Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following: Other duties may be assigned. Manage workflow in and outside of the programming department Process and coordinate incoming nesting's for all marine work Production planning activities: maximizing efficiency for each machine, tool, and human resource Expedite requested work orders for shipments related to sales staff customers' request Communicate with customers regarding service and various correspondences Manage quality program, procedures, and work instructions Assist production staff with questions regarding inventory, allocations and Eniteo support Special sales projects as requested Confers with department supervisors to determine the status of assigned projects Expedites operations that delay schedules and alters schedules to meet unforeseen conditions Prepares production reports Coordinate scheduling with Operation Manager and Shipping Manager if absence presents itself Competency & Qualifications Competency To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies: Generates creative solutions Gathers and analyzed information skillfully Develops project plans Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations Able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives Presents numerical data effectively Develops workable implementation plans Delegates work assignments Inspires and motivates others to perform well IMproves processes, products, and services Looks for ways to improve and promote quality Understands business implications of decisions Manages to multiple demands Presents ideas and information in a manner that gets others attention Makes timely decisions Organizes or schedules other people and their tasks Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education/Experience Associate's degree (A. A.) or equivalent from two-year College or technical school; or one to two years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Language Ability Ability to read, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of manager Math Ability Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as basic arithmetic and ability to read a tape measure. Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry. Reasoning Ability Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. Computer Skills To perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge of Microsoft Office™, Entieo™. AutoCAD, CNC Programming, and Sigmanest