The Northside Achievement Zone (NAZ) exists to permanently close the achievement gap and end generational poverty in North Minneapolis. Together with our partner organizations, we are walking side-by-side with low-income families as they put their children on a path to college. NAZ has a game- changing approach that is closing the achievement gap. NAZ’s wraparound framework effectively supports low-income children of color so that they will graduate from high school prepared for college. Position Overview: NAZ is a data-driven organization. We are looking for a Data and Reporting Associate in the Data Innovation Team supporting data monitoring, user support, and reporting in NAZ Connect, our collaborative case management system. This system is shared among a network of more than 40 nonprofit organizations and schools. Primary Responsibilities: Database Support: Support administration and testing of the organization’s database and monitoring of data fidelity Reporting: Engage with users to understand reporting needs and develop and maintain reports for ongoing use and to support ad hoc requests User Support: Manage ticketing process used in tracking user support needs, answer user support questions and support training needs Data Privacy: Contribute to and enforce procedures for protection of privacy in data and reporting Continuous Improvement: Build relationships with NAZ Connect user base, capture feedback and insights and support continuous improvement efforts Other duties as assigned Job Qualifications: BA degree in social sciences, statistics, computer science or a related field is required Minimum of two years’ experience with a relational database and report writer A practical and functional understanding of data collection, data formatting and exchange, database structures, data analysis, and reporting/linking complex tables Experience manipulating large datasets using Excel or equivalent Excellent attention to detail and problem-solving skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills and ability to adapt to audience Familiarity with data privacy requirements such as HIPAA, FERPA, and Mental Health Protections preferred Strong commitment to NAZ mission and goals, particularly the expectation that children growing up in North Minneapolis can succeed in academics and college Working Conditions and Physical Effort: Work includes frequent walking up and down stairs, lifting and bending. Regular operation of normal office machines (computer, copier, and fax) is required. There are occasional evenings and weekends required. Limited travel may be required.