The Shop Clerk is responsible for the completion of paperwork relating to the Service Department. This position will have regular interaction with customers. Major Responsibilities: Complete repair orders, fuel analysis, and all paperwork involved in daily office procedures Administrative functions such as typing and filing memos and letters Recording attendance of shop personnel Ordering supplies, mailing, and scheduling Accident reporting and administration Prepares, issues, and sends out receipts, bills, policies, invoices, warranties, statements, and checks Operates computer terminal to input and retrieve data Opens and routes incoming mail, answers correspondence, and prepares outgoing mail Greets and assists customers and visitors via phone, email, and face-to-face interaction Other projects and tasks as assigned by supervisor Qualifications: At least 2 years of customer service experience required 2 years of administrative support experience required High School Diploma or equivalent required Associates or Bachelors degree preferred Proficiency in the use of Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, Access, and Powerpoint are required Customer service skills, ability to work independently, and organizational skills required Regular, predictable, full attendance is an essential function of the job Work the required schedule, work at the specific location required, complete Penske employment application, submit to a background investigation (to include past employment, education, and criminal history) and drug screening are required. Physical Requirements: The physical and mental demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The associate will be required to: read; communicate verbally and/or in written form; remember and analyze certain information; and remember and understand certain instructions or guidelines. While performing the duties of this job, the associate may be required to stand, walk, and sit. The associate is frequently required to use hands to touch, handle, and feel, and to reach with hands and arms. The associate must be able to occasionally lift and/or move up to 25lbs/12kg. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus. Penske is an Equal Opportunity Employer. About Penske Truck Leasing Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P., headquartered in Reading, Pennsylvania, is a partnership of Penske Corporation, Penske Automotive Group, and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. A leading global transportation services provider, Penske operates more than 260,000 vehicles, employs more than 29,000 people, and serves customers from more than 1,000 locations in North America, South America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. Product lines include full-service truck leasing, contract maintenance, commercial and consumer truck rentals, used truck sales, transportation and warehousing management and supply chain management solutions. Visit http://www.GoPenske.com to learn more. Work Locations: 1104 N Eastern Ave Los Angeles, CA Primary Location: United States-California-Los Angeles Job: Administrative Penske (Oracle) Job Name: Administrative Req ID: 1808964