The Database Administrator is an integral member of the I.T. organization and is responsible for performing administrative and operational support for all databases. The Database Administrator is responsible for ensuring database security, availability and performance. The Database Administrator works with all functional teams to plan, test, and implement database modifications. We support the technology needs of four established private jet brands: Flexjet, Flight Options, Sentient Jet, and SkyJet. We are constantly updating our operations systems and are adding to the team to enable us to do even more. Have you always wanted to work for an innovative company that has the agility of a startup but has decades of experience as an industry leader within a fast-paced and growing industry like private aviation? Duties and Responsibilities: Plan, test and implement the safe modification of a production database environment during software upgrade cycles. Creating and tuning SQL queries as well as making DDL modifications. You will develop SQL code that is efficient, smart and impactful. Our operations systems are core to our business. Your work will be highly visible. Monitor the performance, scalability and security of SQL Server instances. Learn about the private jet / fractional jet industry and develop SQL solutions to enhance the capabilities of our operations and owner services teams. Skills and Attributes: 5+ years of database administration, database design and database development experience with SQL Server in an on-line service environment. Thorough understanding of Microsoft SQL Server 2008-2016 as well as SQL Always On. Strong understanding of Microsoft SQL Server security, performance monitoring and optimization techniques, indexes, constraints, transactions, file groups, stored procedures, triggers, cursors, locking, queue tuning and log-shipping. Ability to adapt quickly to an existing, complex environment. Candidate should be self-motivated, independent, and exhibit exceptional relationship management skills. Exceptional attention to detail. Well-developed interpersonal skills that are conducive to a team culture. Possess excellent organizational skills, and communication skills both written and verbal. A Plus but Not Required: Have prior experience in travel or aviation Have experience with location based services Holds a pilot’s license or is working towards obtaining his or her pilot’s license