Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge. As the Global Partner Programs Lead, you will be responsible for strategy development and overseeing the execution of all partner related initiatives in Google Cloud’s Professional Services Organization (PSO). You will serve as the focal point between PSO and the other partner organizations within Google Cloud. You will translate and inform Google Cloud’s Partner strategy in order to design and deploy programs that will accelerate partner professional services enablement, grow a specialized partners program, ensure the field is able to leverage qualified Partners for services delivery, and oversee a communication model to drive broad awareness of tools and activities between Google and its Partners. You have a passion for cloud technology and you enjoy working cross- functionally to develop and grow new solutions and have strong organization skills and deep experience with enterprise customers and the needs of both regional and GSI services partners. Finally, you possess a strong entrepreneurial drive for customer success. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Work cross-functionally to understand and inform the strategy of the broader partner teams and work closely with PSO’s field teams to understand services delivery requirements. Communicate directly with and build scaled surveys for partners to understand needs and develop programmatic solutions to accelerate their solutions delivery capacity. Build, monitor, and optimize scaled solutions delivery programs for our services partners. Develop, monitor, and own growth of key partner metrics, such as project attach rate and partner enablement. Support the development of other “direct to partner” solutions to help build Sales and partner alignment in the field. Optimize the process of PSO finding and transacting with partners in the field to help scale engagement delivery. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Business, technical field or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of Professional Services experience at technology cloud / software vendor or with GSI. 5 years of experience in services partner programs and building strategies and growing an ecosystem. Ability to travel 20% of the time. Preferred qualifications: MBA degree. Experience effectively working with remote team members. Solid technical understanding of cloud technologies with ability to develop new cloud solutions programs for partners. Superb business acumen with evidence of strong business planning and a business growth and data based approach to partner management and business strategy. Solid consultation skills as evident through partner agreements or similar. Excellent customer-facing communication, with the ability to work directly with partner’s executives and technical teams. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.