Are you a focused football fan or coach looking to grow your understanding of the game? Are you intrigued by the chance to work in a passionate environment focused exclusively on helping coaches at the highest level of football improve their player performance? Atavus seeks a highly enthusiastic and dedicated football fan to join our analysis team. If you’re a passionate follower of football looking to expand your knowledge of the game and get a foot in the door of the football industry, then we want to talk to you about joining one of the leaders in coach education and sports data. In this role, you will contribute to the game analysis that make Atavus so unique. Every person from the Head of Football to newest member of the team has started off working on the evaluation of player participation data. Producing this data for our clients at the highest levels of the game is an opportunity to improve your knowledge, and is the first step in representing the Atavus brand through written content, etc. The successful candidate must have: A very high level of enthusiasm and passion for football Demonstrable knowledge of the NFL, NCAA & High School football An understanding of the way in which Atavus helps coaching staffs improve player performance Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (both written and verbal) Ability to meet deadlines Positive attitude, strong work ethic, and excellent attention to detail Flexible and able to work weekends, up to 20 hours In return, Atavus offers training, an opportunity for you to develop your own profile on a highly regarded media platform, access to data not made available to the public and payment based on work done in-season depending on accuracy. This is not a full-time position and there are no guarantees it will lead to one. You will be required to produce work during the football regular season to a deadline, but at your own convenience. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.