Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Our team is looking for a high-performance, client-facing engineer with a problem-solving mindset. As an Escalation Engineer, you will be part of a dedicated client pod, together with Sales and Solutions Engineering, and will work directly with our largest advertisers to solve blocking issues with high visibility and impact (across all Facebook products, as well as with the client's custom integration), enabling that client to realize the full potential of our solutions. This role will allow you to apply your passion for technology, problem-solving and consult with clients on creating and executing business strategy. RESPONSIBILITIES Own maintaining an advertiser's technical experience at Facebook Troubleshoot technical issues, collaborate with product teams to debug advertiser issues and potentially fix bugs Analyze data and create readable and well-documented code to prevent, detect and resolve issues Collaborate with product engineering teams to improve products and reduce issues Understand an advertiser's business objectives, identify problems or opportunities and address them using technology Understand Facebook's system architecture and integration components to propose solutions that unblock client objectives Document and develop best practices to help cross-functional partners, advertiser and all FB customers get the most out of using the system MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 2+ years of experience of shipping production code Experience communicating technical concepts to non-technical audiences B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science or equivalent experience 2+ years of experience with SQL Experience problem solving and fixing products Experience in prioritizing and time management PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience supporting mission critical systems for large customers or deployments Experience contributing to open source projects, shared code repositories, and/or personal projects Experience with contributing to the development community (blogs, Stack Overflow, Quora, slack, etc.) Experience working with or in support of diverse communities Experience working directly with clients Technical understanding of Facebook products (including Ads and Pages API, Identity Platform), as well as how Facebook clients would use them to achieve business goals