_For more than a century, Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine (PCOM) has trained highly competent, caring physicians, health practitioners and behavioral scientists who practice a "whole person" approach — treating people, not just symptoms._ __ _At the main campus in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and the branch campus in Suwanee, Georgia, PCOM students learn to approach problem solving in a more professional, more team-oriented manner, which prepares them to work successfully in integrated healthcare settings with other health professionals. Both campuses feature modern facilities and state-of-the-art technologies, all part of an innovative learning environment designed for collaboration and interaction._ Job Details Database Administrator (003083) Job Number: 003083 Job Title: Database Administrator Number of Openings: 1 Job Type (Employment Type): Direct Hire State/Province: Pennsylvania City: Philadelphia Job Schedule: Full Time Job Category: Computers/Information Technology - Database Administrator Career Level: Senior(non-manager) Level of Education: Four-Year Degree Years of Experience: 10 Position Description The Database Administrator’s role is to design, install, monitor, maintain, and performance tune production databases while ensuring high levels of data availability. This individual is also responsible for developing, implementing, and overseeing database policies and procedures to ensure the integrity and availability of databases and their accompanying software. The ideal candidate would have a basic understanding of relational databases, Oracle and/or SQL Server, and has extensive experience in the database field. He or she will also design and perform database backup and recovery, database migration and archiving systems and procedures. They will participate and collaborate with other team members to identify proper hardware and software implementations. The DBA has ultimate responsibility for all of PCOM’s Oracle databases. Position Requirements Plans, installs, and tests software upgrades and patches. Monitors database performance trends to identify anomalies or errors. Develops, plans, and establishes database performance baselines. Test and coordinate database modifications. Assume the technical lead for Oracle and SQL Servers and online database projects. Plan and coordinate security measures alongside Banner Security Administrators. Creates and maintains all Oracle databases required for development, testing, education and production usage. Performs the capacity planning required to create and maintain PCOM’s databases. Performs ongoing tuning of the database instances. Install new versions of the Oracle RDBMS and its tools and any other tools that access the Oracle database. Plans and implements backup and recovery of the Oracle database. Implements and enforces security for all of the Oracle Databases. Performs database re-organizations as required to assist performance and ensure maximum uptime of the database. Puts standards in place to ensure that all application design and code is produced with proper integrity, security and performance. Will perform reviews on the design and code frequently to ensure the site standards are being adhered to. Evaluates releases of Oracle and its tools, and third party products to ensure that PCOM is running the products that are most appropriate. Provides technical support to the Enterprise Applications Team. Enforces and maintains database constraints to ensure integrity of the database. Administers all database objects, including tables, clusters, indexes, views, sequences, packages and procedures. Assists with impact analysis of any changes made to the database objects. Be able to provide a strategic database direction for PCOM. Design and implement redundant systems, policies, and procedures for disaster recovery and data archiving to ensure effective protection and integrity of data assets. Conduct research and make recommendations on database products, services, protocols, and standards in support of procurement and development efforts. Respond to and resolve database access and performance issues. Perform database transaction and security audits. Establish appropriate end-user database access control levels. Develop routines for end users to facilitate best practices database use. Education Bachelor’s Degree (BA or BS) is required preferably in IT or related field. Master’s Degree preferred. Knowledge & Experience The successful candidate will have a total of 10 years IT experience, at least 4 -5 years programming experience in a PL/SQL, a minimum of 4 years’ experience as an Oracle DBA with experience in designing, building, installing, configuring and supporting database servers and hands-on database tuning and troubleshooting experience. Experience should include Database Systems Design & Support, Database Systems Architecture and Database Administration Tools. A good knowledge of Oracle security management and backup and recovery scenarios. Experience and knowledge in migrating code, database changes, data and menus through the Life Cycle Process. Certifications, Licenses, Registrations (if applicable) Must have Oracle DBA certification. Application Instructions All inquiries must include: a curriculum vitae or resume, salary requirements, and three (3) references preferably from current or former supervisors. PCOM adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender, identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.