Summary of Responsibilities: A senior technical lead engineer on the Enterprise Data Services team responsible for leading data engineering and ELT projects, mentoring team members, and architecting and developing ELT solutions. Ensure development standards are maintained. Must be able to collaborate with internal and external customers and coordinate the work of team members. Responsible for the team when Manager and Director is unavailable. Essential Job Functions: Develop technical solutions which may involve a variety of data development tools, preferably SQL Server or Informatica. Follows the company’s required standards and guidelines regarding the use of the tools including technical documentation. Develops simple, efficient and manageable automated solutions for highly complex database projects. Analyzes and transforms business requirements into automated solutions per development standards. Design, develop, test and support from SQL stored procedures, views, Informatica workflows, Control-M flows or script objects. Researches and resolves data issues identified by business users, IT operations, or partners. Executes unit and system test scripts, analyzes, captures and publishes test results. On-Call rotation to support Data Engineering solutions. Mentors junior staff members in all areas of database engineering. Leads and manages technical team of 2-5 data engineers. Ensures development standards are maintained and best practices in development are demonstrated through official peer review. Delegates project work to team members when appropriate. Identifies opportunities to create efficiencies in technical work streams as well as in operational procedures of team. Other Functions: Performs other duties and special projects as assigned. May assist in other related departments as required by business needs. Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, or natural sciences preferred. Minimum 8 years development experience with SQL Server or other relational databases or 7 years designing, developing, and maintaining Informatica Applications with 7 years combined in general application development and exposure to Informatica Administration. Excellent SQL coding abilities to write SQL, T-SQL, stored procedures and views. Development experience must be full Life Cycle experience including business requirements gathering, data sourcing, testing/data reconciliation, deployment and data automation practices. Outstanding analytical and problem solving skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Able to lead multiple complex projects and communicate clearly with leaders and team members. Ability to handle fast-paced environment. Ability to maintain confidentiality Ability to work well with people from many different disciplines with varying degrees of technical experience. Able to provide leadership to technical staff of 2-5+ engineers. Contribute towards projects by getting involved in technical details and performing hands on tasks. Be able to understand the business needs and become an SME in their areas. Take ownership of their assigned projects and be responsible for successful delivery. Minimum 1 year experience leading a team of 5-10+ development staff. Nice to have skills: Experience using MS SQL Server. Experience with Informatica Data Quality & Administration. Financial Services (Lending) experience. Experience to Big Data technologies. Working Conditions: Extended working hours may be required by management and business needs. Travel to multiple facilities may be required. May be required to lift, push, or pull materials weighing up to twenty (20) pounds. May be required to sit and review information on a computer screen for long periods of time. May require repetitive motions of the hands and wrist related to writing and typing at an electronic keyboard. Corporate / satellite office role. Employer’s Rights: This job description does not list all the duties of the job. You may be asked by your supervisors or managers to perform other duties. You will be evaluated in part based upon your performance of the tasks listed in this job description. The employer has the right to revise this job description at any time. This job description is not a contract for employment, and either you or the employer may terminate employment at any time, for any reason.