Description Here at Labor & Industries we seek our collaborative, talented, and good- natured IT professionals looking to expand their career. Specifically, we are looking for well rounded, data experienced, and flexible IT professional with a desire to become the senior technical specialist for L&I's SQL Server Data Warehouse extract applications. This position and the Data Warehouse Technical Team supports our agency decision makers by providing them with the agency Data Warehouse and a means to query without negatively impacting performance from our operational applications. The first six months You will become familiar with Data Warehouse extracts and loads. Get to know the Data Warehouse environment, standards, and processes. Engage and build rapport with the IT support teams that you will be working with on a regular basis. Work with a well-gelled team that recognizes and appreciates your unique talents. Build a trusting and personal working relationship with your management This is a challenging position, a great opportunity to become a part of complex processes, and work in an environment that is in a state of change for state government. If this sounds like it is the position for you, apply today! Some of what you'll do Design, develop, test, implement, maintain, support, and enhance Data Warehouse extract applications to be loaded into the Data Warehouse. Coordinating testing and verification with business area customers and ensuring final customer approval. Schedule, execute, monitor, and restart data extract systems to support the Data Warehouse. Meet with Operations staff and other Information Technology core teams to determine a feasible execution schedule. Load test tables into pre-production for user acceptance and Data Warehouse load testing. Stay current on Data Warehouse, data extract, and messaging technologies, and perform other tasks and represent the DWTT team. Who should apply? Professionals with 4 years of Information Technology experience with testing and maintenance of data base objects in DBMS such as Microsoft SQL Server. AND 3 years of experience developing data extract programs/processes using Microsoft SQL Server Integrated Services (or similar technology) 2 years of experience with T-SQL 2 years developing, testing, and implementing Microsoft SQL server stored procedures. 1 year experience developing with Visual Basic. What we are looking for Experience using IBM Message Broker, WebSphere Transformation Extender, or other messaging software is highly desired. Strong written and verbal communication skills, independently analyzing and weighing the risks and benefits in decisions and recommendations related to technology issues. Mainframe Information Technology experience. Experience presenting complex technical information to a non-technical audience Ability to identify, troubleshoot, and resolve technical problems Team building, demonstrated ability to build rapport quickly, and provide excellent customer services. Drive and desire to seek and take advantage of opportunities for growth and development, learn from others, learn new technologies, and look for better ways to perform routine parts of the job. Consideration will be given to complete applications with an attached cover letter, resume, and complete and comprehensive responses to the supplemental questions. _If you have specific questions regarding this position, please contact Christine Dominguez at 360.902.5241 or email at domc235@lni.wa.gov._ Supplemental Information This job announcement may be used to fill multiple vacancies. Application review starts immediately and the hiring authority reserves the right to offer the job at any time. It's to your advantage to apply quickly. Employees driving on state business must have a valid driver's license. Employees driving a privately owned vehicle on state business must have liability insurance on the privately owned vehicle. Prior to any new hire into L&I, a Background check, including criminal record history, will be conducted. To apply, follow the "Apply" link above Jobs advertised as Open Continuous will be closed without notice. Apply quickly! We're looking for evidence that you have what we're looking for. Your application materials will be used for deciding who'll be selected for interview. For more information about the Department of Labor & Industries visit: http://www.lni.wa.gov/ OR Contact us at: Jobs@Lni.wa.gov L&I strives to attract and retain a high-performing and diverse workforce in which our differences are respected and valued to better meet the needs of the diverse customers we serve. L&I fosters an inclusive environment that promotes safety, collaboration, flexibility and fairness so that all employees can participate and contribute to their full potential. This position is represented by the Washington Federation of State Employees (WFSE). Persons with a disability, who need assistance in the application process, or those needing this announcement in an alternative format, may call (360) 902-5700. Applicants that are deaf or hard of hearing may call through the Washington Relay Service at 7-1-1. The State of Washington is an Equal Opportunity Employer