We are looking for a highly motivated database engineer. You will join a small, expert team building software for the systems that manufacture our cars, superchargers, and energy storage. You will architect and implement highly available and scalable data solutions using open source technologies like RabbitMQ, Kafka, MySQL/Oracle, Redis, Elastic Search. Hands-on experience and deep knowledge of at least two platforms will make success more probable with our technology stack. Responsibilities Design, implement and grow distributed systems with complex cross-site data replication topology using modern technology stack. Work with product engineering teams to design and optimize database and middleware platform to ensure data consistency and reliability. Resolve production issues including tuning, optimization and recovery. Ability to deep dive into Golang codebase is a plus. Perform installation, upgrades, capacity planning, migration across multiple data centers and multiple database server architectures/systems. Proactively monitor and fix databases and middleware platform availability and performance issues. Implement High Availability and Disaster Recovery solution to maximize platform availability during planned or unplanned outages. Use/Develop database automation tools to automate repetitive tasks. Respond appropriately to emergency support situations and produce quick and effective solutions to platform technical problems under high pressure. Requirements Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field. Expert in designing and managing highly available different open source technologies like MySQL, PostgreSQL, RabbitMQ, Elastic Search on premises and cloud. Highly skilled in setting and supporting multi node, multi-tenant RabbitMQ and Elastic Search cluster. Expert in setting up database cluster, replication, backups, monitoring, instance and SQL tuning. Strong troubleshooting and proactive analytical skills to ensure minimum downtime of production data platform. Strong Shell, Perl/ Python and SQL scripting to automate DB related jobs. Familiar with monitoring tools such as Nagios, Icinga, opmon etc. Knowledge of other database technologies like Oracle, MSSQL, Mongo, Redis is a huge plus. Proven ability to work independently and as an integral member of a team. Excellent communication and documentation skills - ability to work with development teams. Apply Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program