Special Projects Coordinator Foothill-De Anza Community College District Posting : 18-017 Campus: Central Services Close/Initial Review Date: 8/29/2018 Open Until Filled: No Description: Starting Salary : $5,127.11 (per month) plus benefits; Salary Grade: C1-52 Full Salary Range: $5,127.11 - $6,888.99 (per month) The Foothill-De Anza Community College District is currently accepting applications for the classified position above. DEFINITION : Under minimal supervision, oversees the coordination of facilities and operations activities which includes the State Chancellor's Office submissions, coordinates the gathering of information, maintains appropriate records, and preparation of vital reports. Serves as a liaison to state and federal agencies that issue regulations. EXAMPLE OF DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Depending upon assignment, duties may include, but are not limited to, the following: Oversees the coordination of facilities and operations activities, which includes the State Five Year Capital Improvement Plan, Space Database and other reports to state and federal agencies; coordinates the gathering of information, maintains appropriate records, and prepares vital reports. Keeps the Executive Director of Facilities and Operations apprised of progress towards planning goals; takes corrective action when necessary. Maintains appropriate reports and records as required by federal, state, and local regulations; serves as liaison to those agencies responsible for enforcement of the regulations. Maintains District-wide vehicle inventory; identifies replacement needs and researches equipment and pricing; submits recommendations to appropriate administrator; monitors dispensing of fuel. Maintains District-wide cell phone inventory; provides assistance to District-wide departmental coordinators; serves as Facilities and Operations cell phone coordinator. Administers online work order system; assign and delete users as appropriate; maintains access list; interfaces with vendor on system troubleshooting. Manage the Facilities and Operations web page. Researches and prepares reports for the Executive Director, Facilities and Operations on an as needed basis. Participates in the oversight of departmental budgets. Attends and participates in District provided training or information sessions; participates in work related conferences as appropriate. Performs other related duties as assigned. EMPLOYMENT STANDARDS: Knowledge of: Five-Year Capital Improvement Program, FUSION. State regulations and programs affecting community colleges. District organization, operations, policies and objectives. Planning and coordinating the day-to-day activities of assigned program. Policies, objectives and goals of assigned program. Development and presentation of programs and workshops. Applicable laws, codes, regulations, policies and procedures related to assigned program. Budget monitoring and control. Oral and written communication skills. Principles of training and providing work direction to others. Interpersonal skills using tact, patience and courtesy. Operation of a computer and assigned software. Ability to: Demonstrate understanding of, sensitivity to, and respect for the diverse academic, socio-economic, ethnic, religious, and cultural backgrounds, disability, and sexual orientation of community college students, faculty and staff. Interpret and apply federal, state, local, and District regulations and policies. Research, compile and generate district-wide, and state, reports. Maintain accurate records on completed assignments. Understand and carry out oral and written instructions. Assist administrators with data compilation and generation of reports. Provide for program reporting and accountability. Monitor program budgets. Establish and maintain cooperative and effective working relationships with others. Operate a computer and assigned office equipment. Analyze situations accurately and adopt an effective course of action. Meet schedules and time lines. Work independently with little direction. Plan and organize work. WORKING CONDITIONS: Environment : Indoor, office environment and outdoor environment with weather changes. Includes travel to conduct work. Physical Abilities: Hearing and speaking to exchange information in person and on the telephone. Dexterity of hands and fingers to operate computer keyboard and to perform equipment repairs. Seeing to read various materials. Standing for extended periods of time. Reaching overhead, above the shoulders and horizontally. Bending at the waist, kneeling or crouching. Lifting, carrying, pushing or pulling heavy objects up to 40 lbs. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Understanding of, sensitivity to, and respect for the diverse academic, socio-economic, ethnic, religious, and cultural backgrounds, disability, and sexual orientation of community college students, faculty and staff. Any combination equivalent to an Associate's degree in a related field AND three (3) years increasingly responsible experience in the administration of facilities planning, projects and programs. License or Certification Possession of a valid class C California driver's license. APPLICATION PACKET: A District on-line application on http://hr.fhda.edu/careers/. In the application, you will provide information, which demonstrates your understanding of, sensitivity to, and respect for the diverse academic, socio-economic, ethnic, religious, and cultural backgrounds, disability, and sexual orientation of community college students, faculty and staff. Additionally, you will be asked to explain how your life experiences, studies or work have influenced your commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion. A cover letter addressing your qualifications for the position. A current resume of all work experience, formal education and training. If any required application materials are omitted, the committee will not review your application. Items not required (including reference letters) will not be accepted. For full-consideration, all application packets must be received by 11:59 pm on the closing date. Please allow yourself ample time to complete your application and resolve any technical difficulties that may arise with your submission. We do not guarantee a response to application questions within 48 hours of the closing date. You may also visit our “Applicant Information” to assist with technical difficulties at: http://hr.fhda.edu/careers/a-applicant-instructions.html CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT: Position : Full-Time, Permanent, 12-months per year Starting date: As soon as possible upon completion of the search process. Excellent benefits package which includes medical coverage for employee and eligible dependents, dental, vision care, employee assistance program, long term disability, retirement benefits and basic life insurance. For information on our benefits package that includes medical for employees and dependents, visit our web site: http://hr.fhda.edu/benefits/index.html. Persons with disabilities who require reasonable accommodation to complete the employment process must notify Employment Services no later than the closing date of the announcement. The successful applicant will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the U.S. All interviewing costs incurred by applicant are the responsibility of the applicant. For more information about our application process contact: Employment Services Foothill-De Anza Community College District 12345 El Monte Road Los Altos Hills, California 94022 Email: employment@fhda.edu http://hr.fhda.edu/ To apply, visit: http://hr.fhda.edu/careers/ Copyright ©2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved. Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency jeid-bead8349d99a6e45a26d569da05e5838