Manages a group of assigned QA Analysts toward well-focused and clearly stated objectives, using accepted processes and procedures. Gathers and analyzes data in support of business cases, proposed projects, and systems requirements. This includes writing test plans and scripts for tracking defects and fixes in software application development, information systems, and operations systems. Duties and Responsibilities : Trains and mentors staff. Assesses and assigns work. Interacts with internal and external clients. Reviews test plans and test results of the QA Analyst. Writes and delivers Employee Performance reviews. Recommends program improvements or corrections to programmers based on test results. Enters instructions into computer to test program for validity of results, accuracy, reliability, and conformance to establishment standards. Sets up tests at request of user to locate and correct program-operating error following installation of programs. Conducts compatibility tests with vendor-provided programs. Writes documentation to describe program evaluation, testing, and correction. May evaluate proposed software or software enhancement for feasibility. Participates in the systems conversion and all related implementation activity as outlined in the project plan. Reports project status and recommends corrective action as appropriate. All other duties as assigned. Education, Qualifications and Experience : High School Diploma or equivalent required. Bachelors Degree in Information Systems or Business Administration preferred. Minimum 10+ years experience in Quality Assurance. Minimum 5+ years experience in leading and/or managing projects. Minimum 5+ years experience in leading and/or managing projects. Thorough understanding of QA methods, processes, testing methodologies. Working knowledge of PC, mainframe and network environments. Strong problem solving and analytical skills. Must be able to work effectively at all levels within the company. Ability to coordinate and deliver results, which requires flexibility in work hour scheduling. Projects positive image and gains acceptance within the organization. Strong team-oriented interpersonal skills. Strong communication skills. Ability to manage multiple tasks.