Man Group is a global active investment management firm, which runs $113.7bn of client capital in liquid and private markets, managed by investment specialists based around the world. Headquartered in London, the firm has 15 international offices and operates across multiple jurisdictions. Our business has five specialist investment engines, which represent the range of our capabilities: Man AHL, Man Numeric, Man GLG, Man FRM and Man GPM. These engines house numerous investment teams, working collaboratively within the framework of Man Group, with a high degree of investment autonomy. Each team benefits from the strength and resources of the firm s single operating platform, enabling their primary focus to be seeking to generate alpha for clients. The teams invest across a diverse range of strategies and asset classes with highly specialised approaches, with long only and alternative strategies run on a discretionary and quantitative basis in single and multi- manager formats. Our clients are at the heart of everything we do and we engage in close dialogue with our investors as strategic partners, to understand their particular needs and constraints. Man Group;s investment teams are empowered and supported by our institutional infrastructure and technology, which aims to facilitate the efficient exposure to markets and effective collaboration across the organisation. Through the Man Charitable Trust and sponsorship of the Man Booker Prizes, Man Group is committed to promoting literacy and numeracy on a global scale, and to supporting charitable causes more broadly. Man Group plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange under the ticker EMG.LN and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. Further information can be found at www.man.com. As at 30 June 2018. All investment management and advisory services are offered through the investment engines of Man AHL, Man Numeric, Man GLG, Man FRM and Man Global Private Markets (GPM). The Operations analyst is responsible for making sure that all trades capture by the investment teams are true and accurate.This candidate will also be responsible for controlling the cancelling and amending the process for all trading desks. There will also be key involvement in improvements made to the trade booking systems Specific Responsibilities Act as a central point of contact for all broker queries Represent the Operations team forEquity, OTC Derivatives Confirmations / Settlement team across Man Group Ensure all functions performed by Operations team are in-line with Man Groups growth or contraction Research and resolve Failed Trades Assisting in the on-going development of the Equity, OTC Derivatives Confirmation/Settlement platforms (Salerio, Traiana and OMGEO CTM). To continually review and improve the working practices/processes of the team. Proactively identify opportunities for improvements across the front to back spectrum Manage queries from both internal and external clients in an efficient and timely manner Continually improve data quality and consistency Investigate and manage resolution of all data issues Oversight responsibility of the outsourced activity at the BNYM Review and maintain procedures in conjunction with the Outsourced Service Provider To assist the Outsourced Provider daily in order to improve their efficiency and accuracy To work alongside/with other operational departments to provide cover/product knowledge Ensure all processes meet the minimum Audit and Internal Control framework Maintain awareness of compliance and regulatory data requirements and ensure impacts are managed appropriately Setup and maintain broker and account delivery files Technical Responsibilities Graduate calibre preferred Background in OTC Derivatives and Corporate Actions Some experience with Swap / Equity / Bond / OTC and Corporate Action products Familiarity of Bloomberg, Salerio, Oasys, Traiana, Ice and MTM ideal but not essential Proficient in Microsoft Office in particular Excel