Scrum Master (Los Angeles) Ability to lead an Agile team on a day-to-day basis; SCRUM certified; need minimum of 4 to 6 years of experience; need to be able to work in the high intensity teams. Candidates should be flexible / willing to work across this delivery landscape which includes and not limited to Agile Applications Development, Support and Deployment. Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini. Qualifications Business Analysts enable the transformation and performance improvement of an enterprise or its parts, with respect to people, process and technology, by providing relevant capabilities, assets (human and non-human), processes and tools. Business Analysts structure, analyze and visualize an enterprise’s current state. They design and visualize the future state. They also design and guide the change process from current to future state. Developing sector knowledge is extremely important for all Business Analysts. Functional analysts can specialize in Business, ERP, Application Management or Custom Software Development (CSD). Required Skills and Experience: You are a leading analyst, able to conceptualize a business or technical solution, leveraging colleagues and partners. You have mastered at least one methodology in-depth and have an advanced knowledge of either one or more business domains; one or more ERP solutions; or one or more technical tools/ languages. You have wide knowledge of industry innovations and competitor activity and actively engage in, and contribute to, internal and external knowledge developments. Possible positions could include being a Business Process Consultant in process improvements; a Business Analyst performing “as- is/ to-be” analysis on business processes and/ or IT; or an experienced Functional Consultant who is able to advise clients on the implementation of one or more package modules. Qualification: Minimum 5 years experience, Bachelor’s Degree. Certification: If possible has BA level 1 and is seeking level 2. Experience in Business Analysis. Should be proficient in Business knowledge, Business Change Management, Functional Architecture Design & Project Financials, KPI´s & Reporting. Should have progressing skills on Software Engineering & Architecture Knowledge. Should have baseline in Testing. Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law About Capgemini A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 200,000 team members in over 40 countries. The Group reported 2017 global revenues of EUR 12.8 billion (about $14.4 billion USD at 2017 average rate). Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.