APU is seeking employees who desire to engage in our thriving culture by cultivating community through professional interactions, demonstrating a posture of lifelong learning, and modeling Christ-like character. Working together, employees at APU commit to establishing a university atmosphere that is pleasing to God and edifying to one another. As a Database Administrator you will provide oversight for direction of database technologies and disciplines, which include: database administration, database design, standards and procedures, and database development for an Oracle environment that optimizes systems reliability and performance for all the University’s customers. You will manage and deliver database design, performance tuning and hands on administration of server databases, as well as database tools and services supporting Oracle RDBMS, Oracle PeopleSoft, and business intelligence technologies including Oracle Data Integrator and OBIEE. You will be part of an agile team desiring to implement the latest industry concepts and seek continuous improvement. We foster collaboration, value diversity of opinion leading to shared philosophy, and celebrate success. We value your technology expertise and will empower you to strive for excellence in your craft with training and team interaction. Our team seeks to build one another up professionally and spiritually. Required Education Bachelor’s degree required (Computer Science or related field is preferred). Required Experience Five years of Oracle database administration experience, with an emphasis on capacity planning, disaster recovery and performance tuning. Database implementation, migration, and upgrade experience are also preferred. Experience should be in Oracle10g and/or 11g and in a Unix or Linux environment. Primary Duties/Essential Functions Responsible for database server installations, configurations, and maintenance on production, test, and development databases in a 24x7 support environment. Assist developers in creating efficient and well-designed data models that meet business requirements. Plan, implement, and regularly test disaster recovery plans to ensure business continuity. Monitor database server performance and capacity, and recommend improvements as needed. Assist in the troubleshooting and performance tuning of SQL and SQR scripts. Manage database security and access controls in production, test, and development environments to ensure data integrity. Configure, troubleshoot and monitor database storage. Maintain failover instances of production databases through Oracle Data Guard. Prepare and maintain documentation for database configuration and processes. Serve on project teams as a technical lead for database related projects. Regular, punctual attendance as required by the supervisor based on department needs. Performs other duties as assigned by the supervisor. Skills Strong knowledge of complex database management system technologies, tools, and methodologies. Strong knowledge of Oracle 11g Administration. Firm grasp of data warehousing concepts and architecture. Ability to write scripts in SQL and PL/SQL. Database replication with Data Guard. Strong understanding of storage technologies, such as SAN, device-mapper multipath, and Oracle ASM. Strong skills with most Linux operating system commands and utilities. Familiarity with most basic system administration tools and processes; for example, ability to boot/shut down a machine, add and remove user accounts, use backup programs and fsck or chkdsk, manage shared resources (e.g., file systems, printers), mount remote file systems, and maintain system database files (groups, hosts, aliases, usermanager). Mental Demans Independent problem-solving, self-direction. Ability to work well alone or on a team. Ability to communicate and train others concerning complex technical topics In agreement with the purpose and goals of Azusa Pacific University in providing a Christian-based higher education for its students. Physical Demands Ability to lift, pull, grasp, bend to lower file drawers and reach to top of 4 drawer file cabinet. Ability to lift up to 20 lbs. Repetitive keyboard work. Telephone usage-hearing and speaking. Intermittent sitting and standing. Ability to conduct business at other offices on campus. Visual Demands Computer monitor and reading. Environment Pleasant office setting, comfortable temperature. Technologies Linux/UNIX server platforms Windows, Mac and mobile client platforms Oracle 11g RDMS, ASM, Data Guard, RMAN Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control Documentation tools such as, Google Apps, Wiki’s, and Microsoft Office Azusa Pacific University is a Christ-centered, multicultural community that values and seeks faculty and staff who are committed to diversity, work effectively with diverse populations, and engage others in ways that honor our rich cultural mosaic and biblical foundation. Click below to discover some of the many benefits APU employees enjoy including competitive health care options, an 8% retirement match, and a generous tuition discount. http://www.apu.edu/humanresources/benefits/ You can learn more about APU by watching the stories of faculty, staff, and alumni as they carry out our mission here: http://www.apu.edu/stories/ Azusa Pacific University will conduct a background check on all final candidates. Review of applications will begin immediately, and the position will remain open until filled unless otherwise stated. Azusa Pacific University does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age, disability, or status as a veteran in any of its policies, practices, or procedures. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Required Skills Required Experience