We are seeking a MySQL Database Administrator to join a talented and open- minded software team that works on mission-critical applications within capital markets technology. We are looking to add a Database Administrator to our team to assist, maintain, and progressively improve the existing database infrastructure. Who We Are Enfusion is a global financial technology firm that builds software solutions for the investment management industry. Our flagship product, Integráta, is the only cloud-based, fully integrated front-to-back office platform on the market. Headquartered in Chicago, we have offices in New York, London, Dublin and Hong Kong. What You’ll Do Take a lead role in our new BigQuery based Data Warehouse strategic initiative. Assist development team with custom time series queries Manage all primary and replica databases across Enfusion's data centers Participate in database design, monitoring, optimization and maintenance Actively monitor and instrument our critical security and price master jobs Understanding of ETL best practices across the enterprise. Documenting policies, processes and procedures Who We Need Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field 4-8 years of experience in MySQL database management and scripting in a professional environment. Knowledge of High Availability and Disaster Recovery options for MYSQL Bash scripting skills are required. Java is a plus. Experience with Linux is required Prior experience with financial, trading and/or investment industry systems preferred. Experience with Google BigQuery or a similar is a plus Experience with database backup, restore and recovery models Excellent written and verbal communication skills Perks of working for Enfusion Competitive compensation Company paid Medical and Dental Insurance package 401K with matching Generous PTO Package Entrepreneurial Environment Catered Lunch every Friday Small team with growth opportunity Exposure to all aspects of the financial technology services industry At Enfusion, the best ideas win. Come be part of the future of fintech!