Qualifications All required qualifications must be documented on application materials. Required Qualifications: B.A./B.S. in Computer Science/Math/Statistics/Physics/Informatics or related technical discipline and 2 years of related experience or a combination of education and experience in a research or technical environment to equal six (6) years. Experience with R or Matlab or Python. Experience with SQL. Experience writing code for complex computer programs independently. Please provide a link to samples of your code available online (Github or similar services). Experience with basic machine learning or statistical methods. Demonstrated/documented strong communication skills. Additional Desirable (not required) Qualifications: Experience working with messy real-world data Experience in high-performance computing Experience working independently in a rapidly changing scientific environment Skills in data visualization Research experience in statistics/data science/related fields Experience publishing scientific papers in conferences/journals About the Job The Institute of Health Informatics (IHI) in the University of Minnesota is seeking a programmer/data scientist to join a team working on multiple research projects in the field of clinical and biomedical informatics and data science. This is a Researcher 3 classification position. Duties/Responsibilities: Implement complex machine learning, statistical, data-mining, bioinformatics/clinical informatics algorithms. Design, setup and run computational experiments to execute algorithms on various types of biomedical or healthcare related data. Design, setup and run computational experiments to evaluate and benchmark cutting-edge machine learning algorithms. Develop and modify software and demonstrations. Create documentation for all software, code and experiments. Design and implement data infrastructure; Ensure the integrity and security of data, code, and analytical experiments. Write or help prepare technical reports and/or publications. Communicate and present analytical results to customers and scientists. How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.