Manages all aspects of small Engineering Procurement Construction (EPC)/Service projects, including risk to cost, schedule, quality. Responsible for the day-to-day successful execution of contracted engineering, procurement, and construction scope in the areas of performance, financial metrics, planning, schedule, quality, contractual compliance, safety, and client satisfaction. Provides for the successful staffing of the project. Manages and leads small teams of multi-discipline professionals. Coordinates and integrates the activities associated with the engineering, procurement, construction, and startup elements of the project team, including the activities of all third party companies contributing to the initiative. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: • Project Complexity – Manages small, minimally complex project • Number of Projects and/or Clients – Manages one to a few clients and/or projects • Client Management- Obtains new/repeat business on small projects • Risk to B&V;(Profit & Loss Responsibility)- Manages minimal risk • Officer Expectations and Responsibilities- None • Acts as a project manager. Among responsibilities is management of a project team. The individuals comprising this team may vary by project. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor of science degree OR equivalent experience All applicants must be able to complete pre-employment onboarding requirements (if selected) which may include any/all of the following: criminal/civil background check, drug screen, and motor vehicle records search, in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Preferred Job Qualifications: Building Construction Management experience: Mission Critical building experience preferred Typically 5 years experience. Preferred Skills & Competencies: • Business Development - Foundational - Identifies client requirements. Develops and maintains relationships with clients. Conducts market research. Writes and presents project estimates and proposals including scope, cost, and schedule according to client requirements and bid processes. • Business Acumen - Foundational - Negotiates contract commercial terms. Manages project budgets, costs, and receivables. Manages contracts and legal issues. Analyzes and reports health metrics as a basis for improvement. Applies knowledge of policies and regulations to project scope. Builds relationships with key stakeholders. Applies value creation. • Execution - Foundational - Uses B&V; project management phases & methodology including, project initiation, planning, execution, monitoring & control, and closeout to direct work. Manages changes and risk on scope, cost, schedule, quality, and safety based on available resources and client requirements. Manages constructability and procurement. Manages warranty plan. • Leadership - Foundational - Communicates clear expectations, goals, and vision.Manages performance of direct reports. Motivates, coaches, and mentors professionals. Delegates project work. Practices behaviors supporting diversity and inclusion. Manages conflict and collaboration to achieve results. • Builds Networks • Client Focus • Develops Talent • Directs Work • Drives Vision & Purpose • Financial Acumen • Manages Complexity • Manages Conflict • Tech Savvy • Values Differences • Business Insight