Requisition Number: 68511 We are looking for a Cloud Solution Architect for Azure Security Center to drive high priority customer initiatives on the Microsoft Data Platform in collaboration with customers and the Insight field. This is a customer facing role, responsible for providing end-to-end technical guidance and expertise on the Microsoft Data Platform (Azure and on-premises). This role will own the Azure Security Center customer engagement including: architectural design sessions, specific implementation projects and/or Proofs of Concepts. The ideal candidate will have experience in customer facing roles and success leading deep technical architecture discussions with senior customer executives to drive cloud deployment. Key responsibilities include : Drive the deployment of customer workloads onto Azure Data Services and machine learning to increase their consumption of the Microsoft Data Platform by providing deployment guidance, supporting development of the customers' cloud adoption model, and providing appropriate recommendations to overcome blockers. Develop deep relationships with key customer decision makers, who drive long-term data platform adoption within their company. You will also identify, validate and grow opportunities to accelerate deployment and consumption in your assigned customer accounts, in partnership with the sales team, by driving solution architecture for both Insight and 3rd party solutions. Lead deployment of projects, creation of collateral, and training of sellers and partners in your area of specialization. Maintain technical skills and knowledge, keeping up to date with market trends and competitive insights. Coach other technical sellers to become certified in the required Microsoft Azure and Security Center technical certifications. Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: Deep understanding of security and data technologies, big data (Hadoop, Cloudera, etc.), Microsoft BI technologies, advanced analytics tools, and emerging computing trends Proven track record of building deep technical relationships with senior executives and growing data platform share in large or highly strategic accounts Proven track record of driving decisions collaboratively, resolving conflicts and ensuring follow through with exceptional verbal and written communication 3-5 years of success in complex technical roles including sales deployment projects (where necessary, managing various stakeholder relationships to get consensus on solution/projects) 1+ years of design, implementation, and/or support of complex application architectures (i.e. having an architectural sense for connecting data sources, data visualization, structured and unstructured data, etc.) Deep technical experience in one or more of the following areas: Database architecture, Big Data, Machine Learning, Business Intelligence, Advanced Analytics, Data Mining, ETL Leadership experience on major transformation projects and successful transitions to implementation support teams Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences Prior work experience in a Consulting/Architecture position within a software and/or services company The position described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight. For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, click here. Today, every business is a technology business. Insight Enterprises, Inc. empowers organizations of all sizes with Insight Intelligent Technology Solutions™ and services to maximize the business value of IT. As a Fortune 500-ranked global provider of digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services, we help clients successfully manage their IT today while transforming for tomorrow. From IT strategy and design to implementation and management, our 6,800 employees help clients innovate and optimize their operations to run smarter. Discover more at insight.com. Global provider of Intelligent Technology Solutions™ for organizations of all sizes Ranked 417 on the 2018 Fortune 500, 12 on the CRN Solution Provider 500 Founded in 1988 in Tempe, Arizona; now celebrating our 30th anniversary and operating in 20 countries $6.7 billion in revenue for 2017 6,800+ teammates worldwide working with 5,300+ partners 2017 Arizona’s Most Admired Companies (AZ Business Magazine), 7 2017 Best Places to Work (Phoenix Business Journal) 2018 Dell EMC Server Partner of the Year, 2018 Intel Retail Solution Partner of the Year, 2018 IBM Geography Excellence Award as the Top National Strategic Business Partner in North America, Microsoft’s largest global partner Today's talent leads tomorrow's success. Learn about careers at Insight: jobs.insight.com. Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. Posting Notes: Chicago || Illinois (US-IL) || United States (US) || DL || None || US - Chicago, IL ||