Under limited supervision, provides a wide variety of moderately complex administrative services, including but not limited to, secretarial, data collection, and report-writing tasks specific to the group or individual to which assigned. May be responsible for the preparation and control of records, statistics, and reports regarding operation, personnel changes, etc. Assists in the administration of programs, projects, and/or processes specific to the operating unit served. May serves as the administrative liaison with internal and external clients on administrative matters relating to purchasing, personnel, facilities operations, etc Essential Job Duties: Prepares memoranda, letters, proposals, charts, tables and other documents using various software packages. Provides support through copying, faxing, and mailing as requested by assigned staff Coordinate with assigned staff or department; creating moderately complex correspondence, spreadsheets and visual presentations for projects. Answers telephones, providing caller with general information, transcribing messages, and when necessary directing callers to appropriate staff or voice mail Compiles moderately complex documents and information for necessary reports, informational packages and/or presentation materials. Maintains departmental filing and tracking systems. Includes establishing files for all written / email correspondence, project work, and reports. Coordinates off-site storage for old files May maintain calendar of appointments for assigned staff or department. Schedules and organizes meetings, conference calls and appointments. Prepares items in relation to meetings, including but not limited to, creation and assembly of documents for distribution, coordination of site reservation, food orders, attendance confirmations, and interacting with attendees to address questions or issues on event Coordinates travel arrangements including air reservations, scheduling options, hotel reservations, and car rental reservations. Develops travel itineraries to correspond with current schedules. May assist in the completion and processing of expense forms for assigned staff. Produces monthly reports for internal and external clients, based on area of business May serve as member of a team on department related projects. Reviews and distributes mail for assigned staff Ensure assigned office equipment is adequately maintained and secure. Contacts vendors to report service issues Order and maintain office supplies for assigned area. Processes invoices for supply orders If applicable, provides rotating reception relief during lunch hour, morning and afternoon breaks. May also include coverage for short-term absences of staff due to illness or vacation Other Job Functions: Provides backup coverage for other areas as needed Handles any other miscellaneous duties as requested Skills, Education and Experience : High school diploma or General Education Degree (GED) Minimum of 2 - 4 years of previous related work experience Proficient in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Outlook software Good proofreading and editing skills; Effective verbal and written communication skills Ability to maintain discretion regarding personnel and industry-related matters Excellent interpersonal skills Must be detail oriented to ensure accurate deliverables, and able to take initiative to meet deadlines May perform other duties as assigned Benefits and Perks: Industry leading Parental Leave Policy (up to 16 weeks) Generous healthcare Bright Horizons back-up care program Generous paid time off Education reimbursement Referral Program Opportunities to network and connect Benefits/perks listed may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Newmark Knight Frank and the job location. Working Conditions : Normal working conditions with the absence of disagreeable elements