Social Media Editor - 351856 We are a specialty retailer offering the very best of what’s next in fashion for men, women and children since 1901. JOIN US WHERE IT ALL BEGAN. Whether you design clothes or business strategies, crunch numbers, lead projects or write code, we have a place for you at our Seattle headquarters. And we think Seattle is a pretty great place to live. More than just rainy days and coffee, Seattle has it all — mountains and beaches, arts and parks, music and film. It's made up of quirky neighborhoods, award-winning restaurants, and thriving industry. Come see for yourself! A day in the life… The Social Media Editor will strategize, plan and implement social media campaigns for the Creative team which will grow and strengthen the Nordstrom brand pillars across key digital platforms. They will be part of a core team who plan and create engaging content as well as act as an expert consultant for all creative initiatives, working closely with peers on the social brand, image and design teams. Additionally, they will maintain brand presence and ensure the content aligns with the editorial calendar and commercial business objectives. Key responsibilities include: Assist the Editorial Manager with planning and executing social plans on a daily, weekly and monthly basis Maintain the social media editorial calendar and chair creative social media planning meetings in partnership with the business side of the social team Initiate special projects for social, including working with influencers and other talent Oversee and/or support any content in which social media is the key channel Identify opportunities and strategies to repurpose content effectively from other channels Work closely with the Creative image and design department on all elements of asset production Serve as a key social media expert and educate stakeholders on best practices in creative content development Ability to think outside-the-box and react to wider events and trends _You own this if you have…_ Bachelor's Degree in journalism, communication or comparable field 3 + years proven experience in a creative social media team at a fashion publication, advertising company, brand or retailer Proven track record of working on projects from concept to completion, and applying best practices with the ability to prioritize and creatively problem solve Working knowledge of fashion editorial, runway, high street and shopping trends Exceptional writing skills and the ability to quickly grasp and represent the brand and tone of the organization Deep knowledge of platforms including Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat & Instagram as well as all other key platforms Ability to organize, prioritize and manage timelines Experience working in a fast-paced environment, handling multiple projects and managing competing priorities A flexible, approachable attitude with good problem solving skills Knowledge of constantly changing technology Ability to think strategically and stay on top of execution Demonstrate relentlessly high standards, fostering passion, integrity and energy Ability to communicate effectively and efficiently with a high degree of collaboration and influence. Must be flexible to cover some event events, 25% travel required _We’ve got you covered…_ We offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, vision and dental coverage, a fabulous merchandise discount, an employer-matched 401(k) plan, employee stock purchase plan and much more depending on your role. We are an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a diverse environment. This job description is intended to describe the general nature of the work employees can expect within this particular job classification. It is certainly not a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required for this job. Job : Marketing/Advertising/PR/Visual Merchandising Date Posted : 07/25/2018, 7:58:27 PM Location : United States-Washington-Seattle