Analyst: Business Intelligence/Competitive Intelligence Reston, VA Bulletin Intelligence: A news-monitoring and analysis boutique within Cision, Bulletin creates bespoke, expert-curated briefings and dashboards for approximately 150 of the most demanding clients in the world; chief executives who are household names, and their Comms and other teams. Client contracts are for as much as $1mm per year. Annual client-retention rates are typically in the mid-90% range. Bulletin was acquired by Cision in March 2017. Location: Bulletin’s primary office is in Reston, VA. The company’s analysts are able to use the company’s cloud-based software to work anywhere in the U.S. that has a high-speed internet connection. Responsibilities: Our Analysts live at the intersection of digital information, public policy and markets and apply layers of sophisticated human judgment to the information explosion in order to deliver the essence of what our clients - a who’s who of government and corporate leaders - need to know to start their day. Analysts work overnight, utilizing complex proprietary software, to scour tens of thousands of sources – mostly news, but also white papers, financial analyst reports, market research, business opportunities, etc. – and distill their core findings into quick-read briefing. Each briefing service is created specifically for each client, focused on (if govt) its unique mission and (if corporate) its company, competitors and industry. Successful analysts distinguish between critical, important and non-essential information and must be able to provide insightful briefings that allow senior business executives to begin their day fully prepared. You will be part of a top team using cutting-edge technology in order to research and analyze changing events and information trends. Qualifications: Excellent writing and editing ability. Strong skills in competitive-intelligence analysis. Understanding the information needs of chief executives and their teams. Excellent computer skills and comfort learning advanced technical tools. Ability to work overnight and under tight deadlines. Demonstrated intellect and curiosity, often via a bachelor’s degree from a leading university; MBA, JD or industry-specific advanced degree helpful. US citizen or permanent resident. A plus: fluency in any non-English language often used in business. Bulletin Intelligence and Cision are Equal Opportunity Employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity and sexual orientation or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact Human Resources at Recruiting@Cision.com. Company Insights: Seamless, cloud-based work Comprehensive health benefits Flexible time off (PTO) program Casual dress code Free parking Close to Wiehle Metro (VA) On-site gym and deli (VA) Formal quarterly reviews that facilitate your success About Cision: Cision Ltd. (NYSE: CISN) is a leading global provider of software and services to public relations and marketing communications professionals. Cision's software allows users to identify key influencers, craft and distribute strategic content, and measure meaningful impact. Cision has over 3,000 employees with offices in 15 countries throughout the Americas, EMEA, and APAC. For more information about its award-winning products and services, including the Cision Communications Cloud®, visit www.cision.com and follow Cision on Twitter @Cision. EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V, 41 CFR 60–1.4