Job Description You’re a special breed. You embrace challenges and want to make a difference. You want to make the world a better place as a result of your work. You’re part wrangler, part detective. You understand business process and its strategic challenges. You are curious and ask the right questions. You know how to use cutting edge technology along with Agile methodologies to solve problems. And you want your work to make a difference in the world. You will know how to use your unique gifts to help one of the largest energy companies in the country create a pathway to fight climate change and improve air quality. Does this sound like you…read on The job … The API developer will be tasked with developing robust, intuitive and scalable APIs to connect and transfer data between various applications. These APIs support desktop and mobile apps on iOS, Android and HTML5 applications as well as server back-ends, as part of SCE’s Digital Center of Excellence with the goal of disruptive innovation through design thinking and agile based methodologies, coupled with advanced technology platforms. Detailed stuff you will be doing … In this role, you will be responsible for: Build and maintain APIs using Micro-Services architecture. Design APIs addressing how they're used, how they scale, how they fit together and how they break. Design and configure API policies, security, governance and access. Work closely with development teams to ensure that solutions are designed with customer user experience, scale/performance and operability in mind. Qualifications Qualifications you need … You have a Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or Information Systems and eight (8) or more year’s hands-on experience in designing, building and deploying large-scale distributed systems. Three (3) or more years of experience in building APIs in one or more object- oriented and / or functional languages (e.g. C++, Java, C, NodeJS). Strong experience in building, configuration and administration of APIs using IBM Datapower and IBM API Connect. Experience in integrating, diagnosing and debugging complex systems. Expertise in JSON, XML and XLST transformation. Expertise with Authentication protocols – Mutual Auth, Basic Auth, oAuth. Knowledge of common web service protocols (HTTP, SOAP, Protobuf, REST). Whew, that’s a lot, huh? We weren’t kidding when we said you were a special breed. Other stuff you should also have … Application development using scripting languages (e.g. Python, NodeJS). Experience with Agile product development methodologies, working on Scrum teams. Experience with IBM Strongloop API builder platform. Experience with Windows and Unix Operating Systems and Command Line Tools (Power Shell, Cron). Experience with ESB platforms like SAP PI/PO and IBM Websphere ESB. Passionate: You love creating intuitive and beautiful user experiences that exceed the needs of your users Empathic: You show great empathy for your audience and are experienced in Design Thinking/User Centered Design practices Participating: You love working with a team and are eager to collaborate with business colleagues to find elegant but practical solutions to design challenges Flexible: You are deliberate about your design approach, and you rely on feedback from the team and users to ideate and improve on your designs Confident: You love creating advanced designs and prototypes and ensure they are validated throughout each step Life-learner: You take pride in learning, as well as sharing what you know with your teammates You should know … Candidates for this position must be legally authorized to work directly as employees for any employer in the United States without visa sponsorship. Relocation may apply to this position. We offer a competitive Total Rewards Package that includes things like a wide selection of health plans, preventative health reimbursement, 401(k) savings plan with company match and automatic company contributions, tuition reimbursement, professional development, volunteer programs, employee assistance program, electric service discount, and many more perks! Southern California Edison, an Edison International (NYSE:EIX) company, serves a population of nearly 14 million via 5 million customer accounts in a 50,000-square-mile service area within Central, Coastal and Southern California. Join the utility leader that is safely delivering reliable, affordable electricity to our customers for over 125 years. SCE is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer and will not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status or any other protected status. LI-WT1