Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The Media Operations team develops solutions for public figures on Facebook and Instagram by creating scaled systems to address issues impacting their experiences with the suite of Facebook products. We are seeking a leader to manage our Reporting and Analytics team within Media Operations. We are seeking individuals who are passionate about the media industry and enjoy using data to tell a story. From improving the experience of our partners to increasing the efficiency at which we work, you're making us smarter, better, and faster. This is a full-time position located in Menlo Park, California. RESPONSIBILITIES Become an expert in the FB experience for media companies Develop and share expertise on media/public content products Drive data discovery and leverage findings to improve our partners' experience and increase our impact Listen to partners and partner managers with the ability to modify services and support to generate exceptional experiences Lead a team of analysts to identify trends and influence change with Product Management, Engineering, Policy, and other partners within the company Develop strategy for scaling team coverage across our global base of partners MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS BA or BS Degree or higher Analytical thinking experience 8+ years experience working in the news and/or media industry 4+ years of people management experience Knowledge in SQL Experience managing people and a track record of taking initiative Demonstrated experience thinking strategically about issues, leading to recommendations and action plans Communication experience and experience working cross-functionally, both internally and externally Experience prioritizing when juggling multiple responsibilities on behalf of multiple stakeholders Experience with large data sets and distributed computing such as Hive/Hadoop PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 2+ years of experience in online operations, consulting, or account, partner, or project management