This person is responsible for providing ITS Help Desk assistance to the ENC community as well as administrative support for Email and Office 365 related systems. Reports to the Chief Information Officer. EMPLOYEE EXPECTATIONS : Eastern Nazarene College fulfills her mission by adhering to a set of defining values. An employee’s job performance must support and demonstrate the college’s defining values: Authenticity : We will be deliberately honest in our relationships, management procedures, strategic planning and communication to foster trust and confidence with both internal and external constituencies. Institutional Vitality : We will develop and sustain a sound financial and administrative infrastructure that provides a foundation for a vibrant campus culture and climate. Service Orientation : We will model servant leadership to our students and community by creating a culture of excellent customer service. Multicultural Understanding : We will create a context that welcomes and embraces various cultural backgrounds to promote cultural understanding and acceptance. Christian Faith : We will act and respond in ways that value and validate each member of the community so that we reflect the servanthood of Christ as we interact with one another and the world to participate in the kingdom of God. Intentionally Collaborative : We will develop and exercise the skills necessary for supportive and creative relationships to facilitate healthy collaboration both internally and externally. Pursuit of Excellence : We will utilize our intellectual, financial and interpersonal resources to cultivate a lifestyle of stewardship that maximizes our personal and institutional potential within our organizational and physical environments. Type : Salaried Staff Posting date : 08/08/2018 Responsibilities : Desktop Support Provide Help Desk telephone coverage; record problems with ZenDesk ticketing system; Follow up via phone and email Troubleshoot problems with student, faculty and staff computers remotely or onsite Repair, rebuild, upgrade desktop & laptop computers and maintain a campus replacement schedule Remove virus / malware related problems; troubleshoot printers, etc. as needed Research problem resolution, technical options and products. Write documentation for end user procedures Serve as a junior system administrator performing tasks such as account lookup / verification, addressing locked accounts and adding / removing users from the wireless access system Inventory management (asset tagging, record keeping, ordering, and stocking of consumables) Purchase Order processing and vendor interface on purchase, shipping, and repair/service Coordinate end-user installation and support activities Provide backup support for telephone and voice mail problem issues Train iDesk student employees annually as required Train and mentor ITS student employees to ensure they are able to successfully support ITS and learn how to function in an active workplaceApplications Support Serve as primary administrator and ITS contact for the Old Colony Library Network (OCLN) systems ensuring high availability for faculty and students Assist in the management of the online help desk systemTraining / Mentoring Train iDesk student employees annually and as is required for new rollouts Train and mentor ITS student employees to ensure they are able to successfully support ITS and learn how to function in an active workplace Perform other duties as directed by the Chief Information Officer Email / Office 365 Account creation based on user information supplied by the ERP system. Configuring users with appropriate licenses and groups within Office 365 Maintenance of Power Shell scripts (local & Azure) to automate account creation. Tracking of accounts to ensure inactive accounts are handled appropriately. Troubleshoot problems with student, faculty and staff email accounts remotely or onsite. Collaborate with ITS staff in regard to student email account needs. Monitor Office 365 for administrative changes, systems outages, licensing, upgrades, status. Maintain local Directory Synchronization linking Active Directory with Office 365 (Azure). Support internal & external contacts by phone and email to troubleshoot and resolve email issues. Maintain email distribution groups, address book, outlook resources / calendars. Perform email recovery via Office 365 as required. Provide forensics related to malicious emails. Diagnose email communications failures Work with 3rd parties as necessary to resolve issues, plan new projects, perform upgrades. Address SPAM issues including identification of threats, whitelisting valid addresses Active Directory (AD) Perform AD group maintenance to ensure users have appropriate levels of access to applications, file shares and servers. Support internal & external contacts by phone and email to troubleshoot and resolve AD and email issues. Requirements : To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The successful candidate must possess a customer-centered attitude and a desire to work in a team-oriented environment that serves a diverse population. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Skills 1\. Hands on experience with Microsoft Windows and Apple operating systems 2\. Knowledge of Office365 desirable 3\. Familiarity with Tablet and Smart Phone technology including Android, iOS, etc. 4\. Applications including Outlook, Outlook Web Access (OWX), Office Suite, Adobe Creative Suite, Deep Freeze, ForeFront Antivirus, Ghost. 5\. Knowledge of Active Directory and security policies 6\. Basic Wireless and Wired networking knowledge 7\. Understanding of Help desk ticketing concepts Attributes 8\. Integral member of the ITS Team. 9\. Strong interpersonal, communications and organizational skills; sound judgment 10\. Must be detail-oriented and thorough with demonstrated problem-solving skills. 11\. Must be a self-starter who takes initiative and is able to work independently and proactively. 12\. Must communicate effectively and maintain a positive rapport with faculty, staff and students 13\. Must possess strong interpersonal skills and the maturity necessary to work effectively with staff of varied backgrounds, skills and personalities in order to achieve key objectives 14\. Pleasant personal and telephone demeanor and a high degree of patience to work with end-users having varied skill levels Application Deadline : Until Filled Start Date : Immediatly How To Apply : Applicants may make application by submitting their resume along with a cover letter and statement of faith. Name : Lauren Bowen Department : Human Resources Address : Eastern Nazarene College, 23 E. Elm Avenue, Quincy, MA 02170 Phone : 617-745-3723 Email : Lauren.bowen@enc.edu Eastern Nazarene College, a four-year, liberal arts, residential college of the Church of the Nazarene, located on Boston’s South Shore, seeks qualified persons to join a multi-cultural community to fill faculty and staff positions. ENC encourages women and minorities to apply. Applicants should be committed Christians and active in a local church. Preference in hiring is given to those with Wesleyan convictions and background, though qualified applicants from other Christian traditions will be considered as well.