Exabeam provides security intelligence and management solutions to help organizations of any size protect their most valuable information. The Exabeam Security Intelligence Platform uniquely combines a data lake for unlimited data collection at a predictable price, machine learning for advanced analytics, and automated incident response into an integrated set of products. The result is the first modern security intelligence solution that delivers where legacy security information and event management (SIEM) vendors have failed. Position Overview We are looking for a Lead Big Data Engineer to join our Data Lake engineering team. Data Lake team is responsible for building the next-gen log management system that enables SIEM at scale. Some of the scale challenges we face are very unique in the industry. We are looking for someone who is very passionate about distributed systems and high scalability. Responsibilities Design & build high-performant, reliable systems which scale effectively irrespective of the size of the customer Take pride in delivering a top quality product Work closely with engineers, PM and customer support. Constantly learn, innovate and mentor other members in the team. Be responsible for end-to-end delivery of features and provide support after launch We are a startup - wearing multiple hats is expected and encouraged. Write clean, elegant code that solves complex problems Participate in design & code reviews Qualifications B.S. in Computer Science or related 8+ years of software engineering experience Experience with the entire ELK stack (ElasticSearch, Beats, LogStash, Kibana etc) required Experience in Scala (or a strong desire to learn Scala) Experience in python, go a big plus Experience in Linux Experience in nosql or mongo Experience with other distributed systems a big plus Experience in building cross-platform services Exabeam is built by seasoned security and enterprise IT veterans from Imperva, ArcSight, and Sumo Logic. We are headquartered in San Mateo, California and are funded by Norwest Venture Partners, Aspect Ventures, Icon Ventures, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Cisco, and investor Shlomo Kramer. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn.