We’re looking for a highly motivated engineer with a strong technical background to join Bluecore’s Data Insights and Strategy team. Your job will be to build, automate, and maintain various scalable processes for delivering insights distilled from terabytes of behavioral and purchase data across hundreds of retail sites. We’re looking for someone with a solid technical background fluent in SQL and Python, who enjoys and appreciates creative thinking, efficient workflows, and digging into data. You’ll be working closely with the analysts and strategists on the Insights team, as well as Bluecore’s software and data engineering teams. The Data Insights and Strategy team has two key focuses - First to deliver custom deep dive analysis to Bluecore’s largest enterprise clients, and second (and equally important as the first) to productize and scale the most relevant insights so that they can be delivered to all Bluecore clients. As the most technical member of the Insights team, you will be responsible for developing efficient and robust processes for automating and scaling the team’s data analytics. Bluecore has amazing data, but you’ll need a keen eye and meticulous thought process for detecting bad data, anticipating and handling unusual scenarios, and building with future growth in mind. Responsibilities Design, build, and maintain scalable automations for analysis using tools such as Airflow and Looker. Work with analysts to generalize and templetize analysis developed on Jupyter Notebooks with a combination of Pandas, Google BigQuery, and CloudSQL. Develop efficient methods of delivering insights and visualizations to both clients and internal stakeholders. Scope and own the automation projects within the Insights team. Requirements BS in technical fields such as Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics 2+ years experience in software engineering, data engineering, or other similarly technical role, preferably related to data Experience with Airflow or other workflow management systems to automate ETL pipelines Experience with R, Python Pandas or other languages for data analysis is a must Fluency in SQL and Python a must Excellent problem solving and analytical skills Benefits Highly competitive compensation package including salary and equity as well as the opportunity to work for one of the fastest growing marketing technology companies Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insurance 401(k) plan Monthly fitness stipend for a gym membership or fitness classes Monthly public transportation Generous Parental Leave & flexible vacation policy _At Bluecore we believe in fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, leverage their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences._ _Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status._