Symetra is a dynamic and growing financial services company with 60 years of experience and customers nationwide. In our daily work delivering retirement, employee benefits, and life insurance products, we're guided by the principles of VALUE, TRANSPARENCY AND SUSTAINABILITY. That means we provide products and services people need at a competitive price, we communicate clearly and honestly so people understand what they're getting, and we build products that stand the test of time. We work hard and do what's right for our customers, communities and employees. Join our team and share in our success as we work toward becoming the next national player in our industry. Symetra is looking for a Business Analyst to be responsible for performing basic, cross functional and cross company business and process analysis for customer communications using the Exstream application. Scope of work includes understanding the general concept of the interrelationships between systems and processes how simple changes impact each. General understanding of enterprise systems relationships to help assess process and systems improvements to ensure alignment of current needs with desired future direction. Responsibilities include: Business Analysis Planning and Monitoring: Determine which activities are necessary in order to complete a business analysis effort. Stakeholder identification, selection of the process that will be used to manage requirements, and how to access the progress of the work. Build relationships with business partners including users, project team and management at all levels. Develop a communication plan to meet the needs of all business partners and can adapt communication style to different audiences. Requirements Management and Communications: Manage conflicts, issues and changes in order to ensure that stakeholders and the project team remain in agreement on the solution scope. Manage changes to requirements and provide basic assessment of impact to scope of projects. Develop and maintains traceability of the requirements, on smaller projects, from planning through post-production phases of projects to ensure quality of delivery. Understand and apply basic reuse standards for maintaining requirements. Create comprehensive requirements artifacts at the level of details to support development of solution. Elicitation: Work with stakeholders to identify and understand their needs and the environment in which they work. Help other senior analysts determine when additional information is needed to discover requirements that the stakeholder is not aware of. Accurately document requirements so that the stakeholders understand and can review. Facilitate reviews of requirements using formal and informal techniques. Validate the requirements are what the stakeholders intended in order to meet their needs. Enterprise Analysis: Provide basic problem definition and analysis, help with business case development, feasibility and definition of the scope. Has a good understanding of business functions such as Customer Service and Operations, Sales and Distribution, Compliance etc. Understands organizational culture and the framework of the company: structure, people, processes and technology. Requirements Analysis: Prioritize requirements based on cost, timelines and business value. Assess small or moderate amounts of information and can organize in ways that various stakeholders understand. Leverage basic models to provide insight into opportunities for improvement. Solution Assessment: Validate the solution meets the functionality that the business needs. Analyze the impact to existing workflows, processes and procedures that will occur with the implementation of the solution. Help more senior analysts to define the capabilities and requirements (transition of data, work in progress and training) needed to support the solution. Process Analysis: Utilize process modeling tools and techniques in order to identify and breakdown phases of a process in order to create an understanding of the inputs, outputs, and operations that take place during each phase. Create basic modeling diagrams that help define the requirements, identify gaps in requirements and workflows. Document changes and help to identify impact downstream to systems and workflows. User Acceptance: Develop acceptance criteria to ensure business needs are met. Facilitate user acceptance testing for medium to large projects. Analyze and document test plans, test cases and results. Education Required: Bachelor's Degree or equivalent industry experience Minimum Years of Related Work Experience Required: Minimum Years of Related Work Experience Required: Minimum of 2 years in a business analyst role. Demonstrated ability to use basic analytical techniques proficiently. Skills and Abilities Required: Analytical Thinking and Problem Solving Ability to take basic to moderately complex information that is abstract and ambiguous and organize into meaningful facts for business partners to understand. Understanding how a system change affects the whole system itself and all downstream systems, interfaces, workflow and processes. Ability to come up with new ideas and applying these to resolve existing problems or needs. Ability to identify moderately complex problems and can help identify possible solutions to ensure the objectives of the business partners are met. Business Knowledge Understanding of business environment, operations, process and practices relating to: basic business functions and operations, organization structure, regulatory, compliance and governance frameworks. Understanding of company products and business model, as well as some industry product knowledge. Good understanding of how products are supported by multiple systems and how simple changes in the product impact those systems. Communication Skills Excellent oral and written communication skills with the ability to adjust according to the audience. Ability to facilitate large and small group sessions ensuring success through preparation and attention to detail. Verifies information communicated is understood and the person(s) receiving the information can apply what they have heard. Interaction Skills Ability to lead and influence team members and stakeholders. Fosters a collaborative working environment and builds trust with others. System and Software Ability to analyze and apply basic understanding of software applications to improve business analysis tasks and techniques. Moderate understanding of how systems, interfaces, extracts and processes interact with one another and can apply knowledge to analysis. Ability to look holistically across all systems, interfaces, extracts and processes to determine potential impacts. Education/Experience/Licensing Training/Skills/Abilities PREFERRED: Insurance or financial services industry background Bachelor's Degree in business Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled