Technical writers communicate complex information clearly, concisely and accurately, and without relying on jargon. As a technical writer, your role involves tasks such as writing conceptual overviews and procedures, reading and writing example code, or updating help center queries and FAQs. Technical writers play a big part at Google. They are a key link between engineers, marketing associates, developer advocates, as well as all the external users and developers, tying together many vital but disparate parts of the Google ecosystem. As a Technical Editor for Google Cloud, you’ll support cloud tools for developer integrated development environments, including Android Studio, Eclipse, PowerShell, and IntelliJ. You will communicate with hundreds of thousands of developers worldwide through conceptual documentation, detailed how-to guides, code samples, and other online materials. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Edit technical content for the learner community and collaborate with the relevant Development, Publisher, and Marketing teams. Manage ongoing updates across several product lines managing all deadlines and deliverables. Create standards, templates, editorial guidelines, and globalization best practices. Train and mentor curriculum developers on writing style to increase efficiency. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: 5 years of experience in editing and managing technical content. Experience in working with training content and creating assessments and credentials. Experience working with information architecture and content management systems. Preferred qualifications: BS degree in a technical field or equivalent practical experience. Familiarity with cloud technologies. Excellent written communication and attention to detail skills. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.