Job purpose This position will work within the Data Acquisition and Controls (DAC) group to write test cell applications for dynamometer test cells, assist with test cell and system upgrades and support day-to-day activities. Principal accountabilities Support the setup and maintenance of dynamometer test cells for engine and emissions testing. Contribute to large scale upgrade and improvement projects. Develop and maintain knowledge of current automotive testing methods and technologies. Lead small scale engineering projects requiring coordination of various groups Follow all quality practices in support of ISO-17025 requirements. Provide support for on-call technical help. Provide in-house training support. Actively participate in a strong safety culture and comply with all Johnson Matthey EHS policies and procedures. Including, but not limited to, risk assessments, managing change process and permits to work. Employee will comply with all Johnson Matthey Hazardous Waste procedures and local, state and federal regulatory requirements. Take on any other duties which are within the employee’s skills and abilities whenever reasonably instructed. Scope Responsible for test cell application programming in test cells running A&D iTest and Digalog Hypercell. Assist in programming of test cycles and development of new control methods. Special factors Job will require following all JM safety policies including wearing appropriate protective clothing and PPE. Job will require lifting heavy objects up to 50lbs. Contribute to test cell upgrades including design, installation and commissioning tasks. Work with data acquisition and electrical control systems including instrumentation of test systems, analog circuitry, PLCs, digital interfaces (CAN, Ethernet, TCP/IP, RS-232…) Work with equipment utilizing AC power circuits up to 600VAC. Support calibration of test cell instrumentation. Provide troubleshooting support of various test cell and facility systems. Qualifications/ knowledge/ experience Bachelor of Science degree with 3-5 years of related experience, or 7-10 years of relevant experience. Essential Degree in Electrical, Controls, Mechanical, or Automotive Engineering. Desirable Previous job experience in automotive testing. Essential Experience in an automated testing control platforms such as A&D iTest, AVL Puma, Horiba Stars, D2T Morphee, etc. Desirable Proficiency with Microsoft Outlook, Word and Excel. Essential Proficiency with Microsoft Access and Excel VBA scripting. Desirable Computer programming experience (C/C++, VB, Java, Python, etc.) Essential Electrical or electronics experience. Desirable Personal skills and key competencies Excellent written, oral communications and interpersonal skills. Essential Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Essential Participates well in a team environment. Essential Self-Motivated in making improvements both in self and in systems/processes. Essential Adapts quickly and appropriately to rapidly changing demands. Essential