@SYNNEX, we believe everyone has a story to tell. If you have a passion for advancing technology solutions, always putting customers first and want to become part of a team that embraces differences and creates trends, build your career story with us. We strive to create a work environment that is fun and inclusive with a sense of work-life balance and charitable giving. Our recruiting experience is digital! Technology is at the core of our business – we don’t just sell technology, we use it. The power of digital interviewing allows you the flexibility of using your computer or mobile device to record your interview on your own schedule in the comfort of your home. Our recruiting process allows you to tell your story in a stress-free way that is interactive and fun, so if you receive a link to Share your Story with us, we hope you have an awesome digital experience. Business Systems Analyst Get Inspired by the Work You’ll Do Analyze extremely complex business problems, specific on supply chain/manufacturing operation /planning area, transform complex business requirements to structured IT system requirements Identify/evaluate/design software system processes/functions to support supply chain/manufacturing user’s requirements, such as manufacturing resource planning, manufacturing capacity planning, product life cycle management, shop floor control, production inventory cost and inventory control Lead a technical team to develop and test software solutions for supply chain/manufacturing requirements Your passion is sparked by: Must have at least 5 years’ software programming and development experiences, specific on enterprise software development Must have at least 5 years’ database/process design/modeling experiences, experts on designing entity relationship diagrams, work flow diagrams and object/class diagrams Familiar with service oriented architecture and distributed system architecture, especially on web application and restful architecture style. Understanding Microservice/noSQL/bigdata is a plus. Familiar with Scrum/Agile development processes, capable to create project management items such as back logs, test cases, mockups, and release notes We have great Perks - Every Day is Casual Day • Company Discounts • Community Involvement Opportunities • Profit Sharing • Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance • 401k • FSA & HSA • Paid Vacation, Holiday & Sick Days • Employee Stock Purchase Plan • Tuition Reimbursement • Live Well Work Well Program • And More Be Inspired In Your Career. @ SYNNEX Corporation, we believe employees are our greatest asset and we empower them to make a difference in our business. Diversity and inclusion makes us all better. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. @ SYNNEX Canada Limited, we are committed to supporting accommodation and inclusivity for persons with disabilities throughout the recruitment process and employment lifecycle. If you require accommodation during the recruitment and selection process, please let us know; we will work with you to meet your needs. Note: The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees with this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.