Position Information Job Title Research Scientist Department Statistics Full Time/Part Time Full-Time Requisition Number S19069 Open Date 08/06/2018 Close Date Salary Information Salary Commensurate with Experience and Qualifications Work Schedule Monday through Friday, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Benefits Eligible Yes Eligible for Overtime No Position Summary The Department of Statistics at Rice University seeks applications for the position of Research Scientist. The successful candidate will join federally funded research projects to develop novel methods for improved understanding of the environment on the health and education of children. The research is part of the Children’s Environmental Health Initiative at Rice. Data science faculty leadership includes Ensor (Statistics), Baraniuk (Electrical and Computer Engineering), and Miranda (Statistics / Director, Children’s Environmental Health Initiative). More information on departments, group activities, and people is available on our websites (statistics.rice.edu, dsp.rice.edu, cehi.rice.edu). The position can begin as early as Fall 2018. Applicants should upload a cover letter, curriculum vitae, and research statement. Please include names, addresses, and e-mails of three individuals who will be contacted for letters of recommendation. Send inquiries by email to stat@rice.edu. Include “Research Scientist and Postdoctoral Search” in the subject line of the e-mail. The review of applications will begin August 6, 2018. Applications will continue to be accepted beyond this date until the position is filled. Education Required PhD or other Doctoral Degree Concentration / Degree Type Statistics or a related field with expertise in statistical machine learning and spatial statistics. Substitution for Education Requirement Experience may not be substituted for the education requirement. Education Preferred Experience Required 3 years Type of Experience Related experience. Substitution for Experience Requirement Education may not be substituted for the experience requirement. Experience Preferred License/Certification Required License/Certification Preferred Skills Required Proficient and comprehensive knowledge of information management, knowledge management and publication management Possess a logical and independent mind Good interpersonal skills such as patience, determination, flexibility, and decisiveness Excellent listening, verbal and written communication, analytical, and research skills Excellent scientific and numerical skills with meticulous attention to details and accuracy Ability to work in a team environment, to participate actively, to collaborate and to motivate others in the lab Skills Preferred Internal / External Contacts Extensive contact within the University community. Physical Demands This is not a physically demanding position. Working Conditions Typical Office Environment Security Sensitive Yes