Performs a variety of responsible collection work providing customer assistance in receiving and accepting payments owed to the City. Selection Process : Applicants whose education, training and experience most closely meet the needs of the position may be invited to participate in a selection process to include a panel interview and an interview with the Business Services Manager and Director. Successful candidates will receive a post-offer, pre-employment drug test and background screening to include: Fingerprinting Criminal Background screening for the past 7 years MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Education and Experience: A high school diploma or GED equivalent and eighteen (18) months of combined collection and public contact work. Licensing, Certifications and Other Requirements: Must possess and maintain a valid, unrestricted Arizona driver's license with no major citations within the past 39 months prior to the start date. Other trainings may be required to continue partnership with Arizona Department of Revenue. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: _Performs duties and responsibilities commensurate with assigned functional area which may include, but are not limited to, any combination of the following tasks:_ Identifies, researches, and takes appropriate collection action on past due: utility, sales tax, and license fee accounts. Verifies and reviews receivable reports for the highest level of collection follow-up accuracy. Makes customer contact with individual and businesses to collect revenues. Requests a variety of collection letters and notices. Researches and files lien documents. Handles customer inquiries daily in person by telephone and in writing. Documents collection efforts. Maintains collection statistics and dollars collected. Negotiates payment arrangements. Makes suggestions and submits ideas to improve quality of collection work. Drives to perform site visits related to collection activities. Travels to locations in Maricopa County or other areas for required job-related training and collection activities. WORK ENVIRONMENT/PHYSICAL DEMANDS: _The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position or that an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions._ Lift and carry materials weighing up to 20 pounds. Travel to/from various locations. _Click_ _here_ _to view the full job description for Revenue Collector_ _._ The City of Scottsdale reserves the right to change this process at any time. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY: It is the policy of the city to provide employment opportunities to all persons based solely on ability, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability. When advised, reasonable accommodations will be made in order for an "otherwise qualified applicant" with a disability to participate in any phase of the recruitment process. Please contact Human Resources to request an accommodation. Persons with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation by contacting HR Receptionist at (480) 312-2491. Requests should be made 24 hours in advance or as early as possible to allow time to arrange the accommodation. For TTY users, the Arizona Relay Service (1-800-367-8939) may contact HR Receptionist at (480) 312-2491. _This position description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the position change._