- Banner Health believes leadership matters, and we look for people who share our vision making health care easier, so life can be better. Our leaders are at the front of the health care transformation, planning the future of Banner Health. HR Shared Services defines, implements and delivers effective HR business process solutions by optimizing technology and standardization to increase the efficiency, automation, and cost-effectiveness of traditional HR transactions. This team provides employees and leaders with simple, transparent, and consistent transactional HR service delivery solutions developed through the application of operational best practices and a partnership with HR Business Partners and Centers of Expertise. This work enables the HR Business Partners to focus on strategy, the Centers of Expertise to focus on technical depth and employees to spend more time focused on delivering excellent patient care. As the HR Technology Program Director Supervisor, you will serve as the product owner for HR Data Management. You will have the opportunity to establish and drive the strategic direction for employee data analytics (tools, infrastructure, and data stewardship), and develop actionable visualizations and deliver meaningful data to help customers make informed decisions. You will also apply knowledge of resource data to help tell the story of our employees and our organization. Your pay and benefits are important components of your Journey at Banner Health. This opportunity is also eligible for our Management Incentive Program, as part of your Total Rewards package. Banner Health offers a variety of benefit plans to help you and your family. We provide health and financial security options so you can focus on being the best at what you do and enjoying your life. - About Banner Health Corporate Within Banner Health Corporate, you will have the opportunity to apply your unique experience and expertise in support of a nationally-recognized healthcare leader. We offer stimulating and rewarding careers in a wide array of disciplines. Whether your background is in Human Resources, Finance, Information Technology, Legal, Managed Care Programs or Public Relations, you'll find many options for contributing to our award-winning patient care. About Banner Health Banner Health is one of the largest, nonprofit health care systems in the country and the leading nonprofit provider of hospital services in all the communities we serve. Throughout our network of hospitals, primary care health centers, research centers, labs, physician practices and more, our skilled and compassionate professionals use the latest technology to make health care easier, so life can be better. The many locations, career opportunities, and benefits offered at Banner Health help to make the Banner Journey unique and fulfilling for every employee. - Job Summary This position provides leadership and support for the development, analysis, preparation and implementation of strategic, technical and operational plans to support and facilitate technology excellence, HR integration, and application management in alignment with the goals of the organization. This position is accountable for driving programs, analyzing processes and identifying opportunities for improvements in system practices and procedures, as well as the design, implementation and support for the adoption of new technology to increase efficiency and compliance while maximizing the highest level of quality. Essential Functions Provides technical expertise and identifies improvement opportunities, participates in the selection of appropriate improvement approaches and supports applications management and improvement activities including design, development, and implementation. Manages HRIS vendors (service level agreements, procurement, relationships, metrics, upgrades, etc.); Drives the implementation of key HRMS initiatives, projects and resource allocation, as well as HRIS priorities and decisions. Performs gap analysis, sets priorities, develops and implements appropriate project plans and system changes for related programs and process improvements. Leads team members and collaborates with discipline and system-wide leaders and resources in the design, development, planning, and implementation of system applications and processes to ensure reliable and accurate system delivery and decision-making. Maintains optimal operation of departmental application in partnership with IT or external software vendor, as appropriate. This may include leading the implementation, maintenance, testing and/or functional design. Coordinate activities of any third party data or research vendors to manage quality and consistent reports, always looking for enhancements. Performs analysis of highly complex customer needs. Manages and supports the identification and research of new developments and uses of current systems and applications, as well as upgraded systems and applications to meet customer needs. Products may include, but are not limited to; online applications and complex reports. Establish and define processes, documentation and standards for data quality, and provide expert advice to end users on data access to ensure adherence to critical operating deadlines. Minimum Qualifications Requires a level of knowledge of discipline operations as normally obtained through the completion of a Bachelors degree in relevant field. Requires a proficiency level typically attained with a minimum of 7 years of progressively more responsible experience in discipline operations, including system analysis, applications management and organizing and leading project work. This position requires a seasoned and polished professional with significant work experience and demonstrated successes in project management and systems administration. Must be able to work with minimal supervision and prioritize multiple projects. Preferred Qualifications Experience with department specific software, including advanced integrated or independent report writing applications. Healthcare experience preferred. A masters degree or higher in relevant field is preferred. Additional related education and/or experience preferred.