The Team: US Commercial As we continue to uphold our standard of excellence in US Commercial, we are embracing unprecedented innovation as tremendous opportunity for growth. We succeed because we listen to our customers and anticipate their needs as the market shifts and technology transitions accelerate. Our customer are versatile, agile and adopt technology fast to compete aggressively and grow their business. We are confident our model in US Commercial provides you with unlimited opportunities to succeed at Cisco. Our culture is one of support and empowerment. Roles & Responsibilities: The Digital Network Architecture (DNA) is revolutionizing Cisco's core Routing and Switching platforms by introducing a whole new level of capability embedded in the infrastructure and enabled through applications. Capitalizing on the promise of this transition is key to Cisco and our Customers success and we believe that doing so requires a unique skill set and focus area. As such, the Enterprise Networking Team is adding a new position to each Sales Area to focus on driving these new capabilities. This individual will drive the top strategic customer engagements within the Area as well as develop a Community of Interest and Thought Leadership, Area and Theater wide. This role will initially be focused on SD-WAN, SD-Access and Analytics. Opportunity support: Support the Commercial Theater Enterprise Networking Sales organization by driving the most strategic account engagements in assigned Sales Area. Support account planning when qualified strategic opportunities are identified. Develop & Present DNA architectural solutions: Develop, plan, and coordinate Business Entity (BE), Americas Partner Organization (APO) and the Sales Field teams with regards to deliverables and presentations for DNA architecture solutions. Design customized DNA architectures for qualified strategic customers and industries. Engage appropriate Advanced Services, Partners, Capital to support resources to position "whole offer" solutions. Perform executive-level presentations for customers, partners and strategic prospects at industry events. Personal & Organizational Development: Research and report on innovative DNA technology trends Publish white papers Lead DNA architecture and technology sessions at corporate training events Develop and promote new and innovative approaches to addressing DNA challenges and problems. Build collaborative relationships with APO, AS and CMO to share architectural knowledge and best practices Skills & Behaviors Business Acumen: Very knowledgeable in Information Technology strategy Maintain a detailed-level of expertise of the business economics and trends in DNA Routing, Switching, Orchestration & Automation technologies and how Cisco solutions adds financial and strategic value. Expert at understanding Cisco DNA vision and technology; articulate the vision from the customer perspective and create unique, novel value propositions around Cisco solutions Expert understanding of customer business drivers and how to map these to a customized DNA solution, inclusive of Cisco and 3rd party products. Be seen as a trusted technical advisor to the WW sales teams, CMO, strategic customers and the industry. Technical Acumen: Expert understanding of internetworking industry trends, including new products and solutions Expert understanding of competitive product and solution landscape and can articulate trade-offs between Cisco and competitor products Expert knowledge in Routing and Orchestration (SDN) solutions Expert technical consulting skills, including ability to define trade-offs, ask probing questions, and incorporate Cisco solutions into a broader technology environment Expert knowledge in enterprise architectures “DNA”. Expert knowledge in combining the various technologies and products, both Cisco and 3rd party, required to design a DNA solution. Experience with leading complex, large-scale technology projects Experience with Cisco DevNet concepts of programability, such as Python scripting of Cisco API’s. Leadership Ability: Viewed internally as the lead DNA expert in providing technical guidance to peers, APO, Sales, and BE. Leads internal DNA virtual teams and actively collaborates to share best practices and areas of technical innovation Able to drive solution delivery for the market & qualified strategic opportunities. Self-motivated thought leader who understands the value of collaboration and teamwork within Cisco Has responsibility and demonstrates leadership in organizing special interest teams, industry events, and competitive teams. Clearly and succinctly convey information and ideas, including expert executive communication and presentation skills Probe customer/market business needs with insightful questions and demonstrate ability to recommend appropriate solutions and defend recommendations in a competitive environment Expert at identifying and leading the appropriate resources (internal and external) required to develop and execute major customer strategic initiatives About Cisco Cisco’s Digital Network Architecture is a phenomenon driving new opportunities over the next decade for Cisco and it's transforming our customers' businesses worldwide thru this new SDN age. We are pioneers and have been since the early days of connectivity. Today, we are building teams that are expanding our technology solutions in the mobile, cloud, security, IT, and big data spaces, including software and consulting services. As Cisco delivers the network and vision that powers the Internet, we are connecting the unconnected. Imagine creating unprecedented disruption. Your revolutionary ideas will impact everything from retail, healthcare, and entertainment, to public and private sectors, and far beyond. Collaborate with like-minded innovators in a fun and flexible culture that has earned Cisco global recognition as a Great Place To Work.