BioMarin is the world leader in delivering therapeutics that provide meaningful advances to patients who live with serious and life-threatening rare genetic diseases. We target diseases that lack effective therapies and affect relatively small numbers of patients, many of whom are children. These conditions are often inherited, difficult to diagnose, progressively debilitating and have few, if any, treatment options. BioMarin will continue to focus on advancing therapies that are the first or best of their kind. BioMarin’s Technical Operations group is responsible for creating our drugs for use in clinical trials and for scaling production of those drugs for the commercial market. These engineers, technicians, scientists and support staff build and maintain BioMarin’s cutting-edge manufacturing processes and sites, provide quality assurance and quality control to ensure we meet regulatory standards, and procure the needed goods and services to support manufacturing and coordinating the worldwide movement of our drugs to patients. Come join our team and make a meaningful impact on patients’ lives. The candidate will be responsible for supporting MFG operations through the visualization and reporting of process data. This includes the development and maintenance of multivariate process models for real time monitoring of manufacturing operations, continuous process validation charts, and PI Processbook/Vision displays. The candidate may occasionally be responsible for data mining and analysis requests from multiple groups within Technical Operations. Experience with Statistical Process Control (SPC), multivariate analysis (e.g. Discriminant Analysis, Partial Least Squares Regression), and development of statistical models (e.g. Monte Carlo simulations), as well as familiarity with Oracle/SQL databases are all desired. The ideal candidate is knowledgeable in programming using VBA, SQL, HTML and other languages as applicable. Individuals must have strong interpersonal skills, and a proven ability to work independently in a dynamic, multidisciplinary environment. Experience with cell culture and purification processes for the manufacture of biologics, as well as an understanding of cGMP, process development, validation and tech transfer, is a plus. Responsibilities: Develop and maintain displays and reports for MFG operations Develop and maintain real time multivariate displays Ongoing maintenance and support for Discoverant CPV charts Prepares documentation and trains staff on the use of Discoverant, PRIMR, Simca Online and PI Processbook/Vision Gathers user requirements for new visualization and reporting requests and is capable of troubleshooting issues that may arise in these displays. Work independently while supporting multiple groups including Manufacturing, MSAT, Process Sciences, Quality and Engineering. Education & Experience: BS in engineering, computer science or related area of study. Experience with Microsoft Office applications as well as VBA and SQL queries. Candidates with a strong knowledge in statistics and advanced data mining techniques are preferred. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.