_Our client, a fast-growing SaaS company, is looking for a Provisioning and Fulfillment Analyst to join its Austin, TX or greater Detroit/Ann Arbor team. Either location will work!_ Responsibilities Acquire knowledge of company's sales models including: Direct, MSP and Strategic Partner Programs. Understand and adhere to all corporate Sales and Booking Policy Guidelines for fulfilling orders. Become an expert of the transactional SW license and hard token fulfillment processes and platforms. Maintain the integrity and accuracy of licensing database and support the reconciliation of customer accounts information. Address and resolve licensing related inquiries while ensuring compliance with existing License Management policies, Work with multiple systems including SFDC and in-house provisioning and revenue tools. Provide primary support for license provision execution, hard token fulfillment and logistics, issue resolution & escalation management. Validate documents, systems and reports to ensure provisioning accuracy Engage with internal teams to resolve queries and open issues related to the Hard Token Fulfillment process. Work closely with Fulfillment/Logisitics Partner to drive daily reporting, troubleshooting and escalating issues. Ensure Customer Sat issues are triaged timely, handle quality issues or questions with an excellent level of service and communication to derive an acceptable outcome. Identify process and systemic improvements to drive continuous improvements. Help to analyze customer s forecasts and trends in orders to ensure we are staying ahead of their needs Support increased workload and additional hours when required i.e. month end/quarter end periods. Requirements Experience seeing through efforts with track record of meeting customer and company expectations for agreed-upon requirements, costs, and delivery dates. Track record in working with business partners, through cross-functional collaboration, to trust and rely on the team Strong ability to provide manufacturing and provisioning Able to quickly learn and own all pertinent information to oversee the management of employees, implementation of new efficiency methods, use of groundbreaking technology, budget establishment, and implementation, inventory management, distribution of products, customer provisioning, and other issues. Team collaboration and project management skills to communicate consistently/effectively with others Ability to articulate a strong understand of the business impact (benefit) of initiatives. About Vivo Having been in business since 2006, Vivo is a full-service recruiting and consulting company, specializing on mid to senior level technology resources. Our brand promise is simple: we get people. We get that our clients don t want to waste time, and that our candidates and employees thrive when given honest feedback and an opportunity to grow. Whether you re onsite at our Pleasanton headquarters or working for one of Vivo s clients the best brand names out there our promise to you is unwavering: we will treat you like you are our most important employee. Do you think you get people get what they really need, and get how to deliver? We re not perfect but we re accountable. We re not in 32 countries, but we are in the heart of it all. So, if you are looking for a flexible, fun and high- energy work environment, along with the opportunity to work with some of the world s technology leaders, we can t wait to talk to you. Vivo We Get People!