CAMRIS International is an international development and research firm that realizes innovative solutions to health and development challenges through high-quality, cost-effective program and research management services. With experience working in more than 80 countries, we combine our proven systems with today’s most effective, evidence-based best practices to improve the lives of people around the world. We apply a customized, customer-centric, cost-effective business approach to offer greater value to our clients and challenge the way things have always been done in our field. CAMRIS clients include U.S. government agencies and multilateral and private organizations. Our core practice areas include public health, agriculture and food security, economic development, education, environment, humanitarian assistance, democracy and governance, and medical research. This is an opportunity for employment or a contract, but we reserve the right to make no selection or award. Contingent on bid award. CAMRIS is seeking exceptional candidates to provide scientific, technical, and other professional support services to assist the National Institutes of Health (NIH- which is comprised of the Office of the Director and 27 Institutes and Centers) in meeting its operational objectives. Responsibilities Provides technical expertise needed to evaluate, install and manage system software, upgrades and patches. Installs, supports and maintains operating systems and related software. Analyzes and troubleshoots software and operating system problems. Maintains IP addresses, adds/deletes users, monitors system logs, configures security and internet access and ensures system compatibility. Performs system backup and recovery. Maintains data files and monitors system configuration to ensure data integrity. Maintains documentation of all procedures and produces various reports. Qualifications 3-7+ years of experience in system administration or other related field. Demonstrates strong experience with various operating systems and software packages. Demonstrates familiarity with advanced internet and web protocols. Minimum Education: Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or other related discipline. This effort is for a bid and contingent on award.