About This Role We need someone to provide research, evaluation, assessment, operational, reporting and analytical support for Technology Controls and Information Security programs and initiatives. Your ability to provide sound advice and guidance will prove instrumental as you grow within your area of specialization. Meaningful work is fueled by meaningful performance and career development conversations with your manager. Here are the essential job functions of this position: Guide stakeholders within defined parameters related to specific Technology Controls and Information Security programs, policies, standards and incidents. Assist with assessments related to risk, controls, implemented control procedures, vulnerability etc. Contribute to risk and control design assessments for an assigned business application, business portfolio, articulate and document control gap impact both to the business and enterprise-wide. Participate in security management strategy and framework development. Support technology processes, help launch governance practices to monitor, detect, prevent and react to current and emerging security threats against TD. Support development of technology risk reporting, monitoring of key trends and metrics definition to measure control effectiveness for your own area. Apply a teamwork philosophy with technology and partners, service or platform owners to integrate all technology security components and address control gaps. Research and investigate regulatory compliance requirements, reporting and questions, support the team in resolving compliance, audit and regulatory issues. Participate in computer security incident responses relevant to business (or enterprise wide), represent your respective position to the business while conveying their needs to the incident response team. Adhere to policies, procedures, technology control standards and regulatory guidelines. Contribute to internal activity and process review, flag windows for improvement. • Follow relevant enterprise frameworks and methodologies. Influence behavior to reduce risk, foster a strong technology risk management culture. Support development and/or implementation of standards, policies, procedures, and solutions that mitigate risk and maximize security, service availability, efficiency and effectiveness. Assess, identify and escalate issues appropriately where required. Other duties as assigned Driving Requirements: Travel Requirements: Job Requirements What can you bring to TD? Share your credentials, but your relevant experience and knowledge can be just as likely to get our attention. Here are the minimum requirements for this position: /p > University Degree. Information Security Certification or Accreditation an asset. 2-3 years of relevant experience. Basic working knowledge of IT security and risk disciplines and practices. Ability to support a diverse range of tasks of low to moderate complexity including research and analysis. Qualifications Preferred Qualifications - Here are the preferred qualifications for this role: Hours Day Hours