Job Requisition Number: 68530 Companies are the backbone of the stock and bond markets. Bloomberg Intelligence ("BI") conducts in-depth research on large and midsize companies to help stock and bond investors effectively evaluate those companies. We analyze the unique attributes of each business, how it competes against other companies in its industry and how the business strategies and successes translate into financial results. Our analysts also research the technology, regulation, litigation and economies that will shape the environment for these companies and the related industry impact. BI research is a combination of written analysis accompanied by interactive charting and analytics created from company reported data as well as industry and government data. Analysts review, check and curate this data into comprehensive and logically arranged dashboards to support their own research and to provide Bloomberg Terminal users a platform to view and analyze the data as well. Our Consumer Credit Research department provides unique insights and tools to help clients frame fundamentals and relative value of corporate bonds and CDS. We are building a team of experienced professionals and looking launch coverage of the following sectors: High yield and investment grade food & beverage, and consumer product companies. What's the role? You will be responsible for providing consumer credit research coverage for your sector (Food & beverage, and consumer product companies) You will provide frequent research on both thematic and timely event driven analysis You will spend your day providing our clients with in-depth research and relative value thoughts on the key issuers and themes within these sectors. In addition, investor outreach, including webinars, calls and presentations will also be an important part of your day to day role You'll need to have: Significant buy-or-sell side consumer credit research experience Extraordinary primary research and writing skills Knowledge of the Bloomberg Terminal Marketing or business development experience Excellent oral communication and presentation skills An entrepreneurial mind-set A passion for collaboration Strong organization skills and capable of handling multiple projects Knowledge of advanced concepts, practices, and procedures of finance and accounting If this sounds like you: Apply if you think we're a good match. We'll get in touch to let you know what the next steps are, but in the meantime feel free to have a look at this: http://www.bloomberg.com/professional/bloomberg-intelligence/ We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.