Data Engineer University of San Francisco Job Summary: The University of San Francisco collects vast amounts of data across its e-learning assets as well as its physical plant. Help us extract meaningful signal from this data by developing a world-class data warehouse, so we can bring data-driven improvement to student retention, operational efficiency, organizational management, and many other domains. The Department of Integrations & Analytics in the Information Technology Services Division is hiring a full-time Data Engineer to develop the University's data warehouse. Job Responsibilities: ? Schema design and data modeling, especially dimensional modeling ? Writing and maintaining ETL pipelines from an array of diverse web applications ? Working with University staff and other stakeholders to identify and upload new data sources into the data warehouse ? Implementing health checks, tests, and other means to ensure the reliability of the data warehouse ? Working with S3, Redshift, and other AWS services ? Researching and understanding the complex datastores behind various higher education e-learning web applications ? Using a workflow scheduler like Airflow to manage the ETL pipelines ? Opportunity to expand into machine learning and predictive analytics ? Opportunity to take the data warehouse to the next level of scale with Hadoop, Spark, Kafka. Minimum Requirements: 2+ years experience in the role of data scientist/data engineer/data analyst Excellent SQL skills Excellent algorithm and programming skills (language isn’t important) Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in computer science or related from a four-year university, or a degree in data engineering from a tech bootcamp, or equivalent experience Passion for working in higher education Experience using Git and working in a software team Experience with Linux command line Additional Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: ? Workday Certification ? Experience of other HR Technology tools. ? Experience and understanding of Human Resources data. ? Business, Process, and Data Analysis skills ? Excellent communication and interpersonal skills ? Good negotiation and facilitation skills ? Ability to work pro-actively and independently within a project framework For information on how to apply, please visit the following link: www.usfjobs.com EEO Policy The University of San Francisco is an equal opportunity institution of higher education. As a matter of policy, the University does not discriminate in employment, educational services and academic programs on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, religious creed, ancestry, national origin, age (except minors), sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition (cancer-related and genetic-related) and disability, and the other bases prohibited by law. The University reasonably accommodates qualified individuals with disabilities under the law. Copyright ©2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved. Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency jeid-3fa31e2576c0d04294fcb5bee3aeea7d