Overview CORNERSTONE RESEARCH Cornerstone Research Research provides economic and financial consulting and expert testimony in all phases of complex litigation and regulatory proceedings. The firm works with an extensive network of prominent faculty and industry practitioners to identify the best-qualified expert for each assignment. Cornerstone Research has earned a reputation for consistent high quality and effectiveness by delivering rigorous, state-of-the-art analysis for over 25 years. Named one of the Best Workplaces by Inc. Magazine, the firm has 700 staff and offices in Boston, Chicago, London, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Silicon Valley, and Washington. We attribute our success to a unique combination of resources: a creative and energetic staff, cutting-edge research, and our network of academic and industry experts. Our consultants employ innovative problem solving approaches and achieve unparalleled analytic depth. Cornerstone Research has consulted on a wide variety of projects involving numerous industries. Our clients include law firms, major corporations and financial firms, leading life sciences companies, major participants in energy markets, over one hundred Internet and other high-technology firms, and large telecommunications providers. These companies often have a large percentage of their net worth at stake when they seek our services. As such, our projects receive focused attention from chief executive officers, the general counsel and boards of directors of our clients. CORNERSTONE RESEARCH’S CULTURE Our uniquely collegial and supportive atmosphere makes Cornerstone Research a great place to work. Cornerstone Research invests in its people in a number of ways including providing development opportunities and organizing memorable social events. To many, our culture and our people are the most exciting and enriching aspects of a career at Cornerstone Research. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY Cornerstone Research is an equal employee opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, protected veteran status, or other factors protected by law. Responsibilities PROJECT ADMINISTRATOR (Adminstrative Assistant) The Project Administrator’s primary responsibility is to fulfill the administrative needs of the individual's assigned project managers and project teams. This involves anticipating project needs, managing workload, and producing work of the highest quality in a timely manner. The Project Administrator’s desk is the point of synthesis for the materials generated by team members in the production of the coherent and visually- unified final work product submitted to our discerning clients. Although each Project Administrator provides support to specific managers, the position also functions as a member of the managers’ project teams as well as a member of a “cross-project” administrative team. When workload is unusually heavy, the ability to effectively delegate tasks to and accept assignments from the rest of the administrative team is vital. Assist managers in the organization and execution of his/her project management duties. Responsible for project start-up, including assisting with the process of entering conflict checks, generating engagement letters, creating correspondence files, and starting the document tracking process by setting up a document logging database. Create, organize, and maintain the administrative structure for each project (LAN files, NetDocs files, “hard” files, document storage, project set-up, and closure). Process large volumes of documents, employ logging databases and organize physical storage of documents. Maintain up-to-date rosters of principals involved in the project; retrieve pertinent information from the Internet, to include maintaining bios and ABA profiles, as well as InterAction information. Type, assemble, organize, format, and edit/proof the team’s “final” work product (usually an affidavit/declaration, report, or presentation) according to the firm’s quality and visual standards. Edit, format, and proofread text (including tables) from public announcements to create our integrated chronologies. This requires solid knowledge of Cornerstone’s Visual Standards, including the use of Ellipses. An integrated chronology is a document unique to Cornerstone that aids in summarizing stock price information and public announcements. Perform typing and/or data entry tasks in the process of facilitating analyses or creating work product. Oversees assignment of temporary personnel in typing and data entry. Compose and process routine correspondence. Process expense reports. Record time details and billable expenses, in an accurate and timely fashion, to facilitate billing and other accounting procedures. Maintain manager’s contacts for business development purposes. Coordinate meetings, special events, and travel arrangements using outside services and vendors. Proof all written materials for spelling, grammar, structure, and consistency. Perform photocopying, faxing, and preparation of materials for end of day FedEx or courier shipments as needed. Research and identify potential client conflicts relating to new business leads. Provide recruiting support for both consulting, corporate, and administrative staff. Support staffing managers with weekly project staffing reports. Support other corporate departments and activities as necessary, which may include offsite activities. This position will be located in our San Francisco, CA office. Qualifications Associate’s degree, Bachelor’s degree preferred. 5+ years of directly related experience, preferably in a professional services firm. Excellent editing and proofreading skills. Proficiency in MS Office required. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Effectively anticipate, monitor and meet the needs of internal and external clients. Superior teamwork skills, with the ability to delegate tasks or accept additional work, as needed.