Purpose: This position is for a recognized subject matter expert in the Enterprise Systems sub-family. Responsibility Statement: The Principal Analyst, Business Intelligence (BI) is a technical role responsible for architecting and maintaining a high performing and agile reporting environment. Principal Analyst will also work with project managers, developers and business users to define prioritize and create new projects, reports, dash-boards or add new data elements. Coordinates technical and non-technical staff to gather requirements and develop system requirement definitions. Designs, codes, tests, debugs, and documents requirements for medium to large scale projects. Provides input on the architecture of Data Model. Performs ETL scripting and processes based on business requirements and in-depth knowledge of data sources. Additional Required Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities: Broad experience in data warehouse and business intelligence tools (BI, ETL, Data Quality and RDBMS tools/platforms). Experience with preferably Oracle BI portfolio including Hyperion but familiarity with Cognos, PowerBI, SSRS or Tableau considered valuable. Hands-on experience using SQL and PL/SQL for performing data profiling, formatting, and ad-hoc data analysis. Experience with creating reports, dashboards, and/or summarizing large amounts of data into actionable intelligence to drive business decisions. Mastery of BI development methodologies and project management skills. Strong problem solving and analytical skills with a hands-on practical approach. Team player with strong communications and interpersonal skills. Education: Bachelor's Degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Information Technology, Information Systems, or similar discipline or equivalent work experience. Work Experience: 7+ Years Physical Demands/Working Conditions: Sit for long periods of time. Repeat the same movements. Use hands to handle, control, or feel objects, tools, or controls. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Travel Requirements: Minimal Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled