Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus. As a Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders. Your projects often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines. As a Global Data Center Maintenance Excellence Program Manager, you will be deeply involved in nearly every aspect of the maintenance of our growing global fleet of data centers. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible. Responsibilities Lead a cross-functional team of Engineers, Program Managers, Facilities Managers, and Facilities Technicians in the development of a global datacenter maintenance program. Manage, investigate and deploy new maintenance technologies to gain operational efficiencies (CMMS, automation, machine learning, etc.) and data quality as it pertains to asset and maintenance data in CMMS. Develop and drive strategic maintenance program vision, improvements, road map, internal communications, training, and direction. Develop and optimize business processes to improve operational efficiency with a keen eye on cost control by driving continuous improvement initiatives and connecting field service technician input into finished product solutions. Develop and manage metrics to drive business decisions. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of relevant experience with an emphasis on critical maintenance and mission critical operations. Experience with an Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) or Computerized Maintenance Management System (CMMS). Ability to travel up to 25% of the time. Preferred qualifications: Experience in the operation of datacenter, semiconductor, pharmaceutical, power, nuclear, or other mission critical industries. Experience with deploying predictive maintenance solutions and a Reliability Centered Maintenance (RCM) program. Experience with Value Stream Mapping (VSM) and other process improvement techniques, including time and motion studies. Ability to perform financial analysis such a Return on Investment (ROI) and Total Cost of Ownership (TCO). At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.