Job Description: Role Summary/Purpose: This position sits onsite at TJX offices with the Synchrony Client Team. This role is responsible for enabling TJX Rewards Program growth through improved loyalty capabilities, including but not limited to, coordination with loyalty service providers, development of loyalty platforms and customer relationship marketing (CRM). To accomplish this, this role must demonstrate loyalty systems expertise, strong project management skills and digital marketing experience. Essential Responsibilities: Own the loyalty capabilities roadmap for Synchrony TJX Client Marketing Team inclusive of: TJX prioritization alignment Business requirement gathering and translation into technology requirements w/internal IT partners Project plan execution Act as the primary liaison between TJX loyalty team, internal teams and vendors to execute tri-party loyalty platform integration Serve as subject matter expert for supplier interfaces and platform marketing tools Serve as CRM thought-leader with an emphasis on digital to help enhance the customer journey Provide competitive intelligence and global best practices around loyalty engagement in the financial services and retail spaces Share responsibility for achieving key portfolio performance metrics including Net Credit Sales, New Applications/Accounts, Net Income & ROI Engage in the development of marketing plans Ensure compliance with all internal & external legal and regulatory requirements Qualifications/Requirements: Bachelor's degree or, in lieu of degree, a high school diploma/GED and a minimum of 5 years of professional work experience to include 5 years in loyalty marketing A minimum of 5 years of progressive experience in a loyalty marketing, product management or digital customer experience role at multi-product/multi-channel financial services or loyalty company 3+ years of experience in loyalty, CRM, or other data driven ways to engage with customers at a retailer or in a consulting firm with strong experience in transforming loyalty Experience to also include experience designing personalization and customer journeys on email, push, SMS using solutions like SFMC, Localytics and AEM Ability to travel as needed (<10%) All work is in Boston area. Desired Characteristics: 3 years of experience with digital channels - online and mobile Demonstrated client management interpersonal skills and experience Strong process and project management skills (e.g. Agile, Lean, Six Sigma, etc.) with successful experience influencing and leading cross functional teams, both internally and externally Strong PC proficiency (MS Office Suite) or comparable software applications Customer oriented roles within Financial services / Retail / Consumer Packaged Goods / High Tech industry experience Strong leadership and problem-solving skills and ability to manage multiple projects and priorities Self-starter with experience leveraging analytic and VOC tools to quickly identify areas of significant opportunity Eligibility Requirements: You must be 18 years or older You must have a high school diploma or equivalent You must be willing to take a drug test, submit to a background investigation and submit fingerprints as part of the selection process You must be able to satisfy the requirements of Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. _Effective 1-1-18, new hires (Level 4-7) must have 9 months of continuous service with the company before they are eligible to post on other roles.Once this new hire time in position requirement is met, the associate will have a minimum 6 months’ time in position before they can post for future non-exempt roles._ Employees, level 8 or greater, must have at least 24 months’ time in position before they can post. All internal employees must have at least a “consistently meets expectations” performance rating and have approval from your manager to post (or the approval of your manager and HR if you don’t meet the time in position or performance requirement). Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job opening. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. Reasonable Accommodation Notice: Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. If you need special accommodations, please call our Career Support Line so that we can discuss your specific situation. We can be reached at 1-866-301-5627.Representatives are available from 8am – 5pm Monday to Friday, Central Standard Time. The salary range for this position is 85,000.00 - 170,000.00 USD Annual Salaries are adjusted according to market in CA and Metro NY and some positions are bonus eligible. Grade/Level: 12 Job Family Group: Marketing