About GoDaddy GoDaddy powers the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures. With nearly 17 million customers worldwide and over 75 million domain names under management, GoDaddy is the place people come to name their idea, build a professional website, attract customers and manage their work. Our mission is to give our customers the tools, insights and the people to transform their ideas and personal initiative into success. To learn more about the company visit www.GoDaddy.com. We’re looking for an ambitious software engineer who loves web technologies like JavaScript, React and Node as well as Ruby and Rails. You will be helping to build out the latest features for GoDaddy’s GoCentral site builder suite, leveraging horizontal scaling solutions such as Kubernetes, Cassandra, and Elasticsearch while utilizing the latest browser frameworks like React, Redux and Sagas. As a full stack engineer, your duties will involve heavy client-side development, complex backend operations, server-side API development and integration efforts. You will work with our global remote team of Developers, Product Owners, UX and UI designers to build and scale a greenfield applications and existing products. This team is responsible for building a world-class offering which provides contact management, email marketing and content creation solutions to small business owners, which includes user- facing features and deep vertical integrations with other products in the suite as well as third party products. We use React and Redux, MySQL, Redis, Cassandra, Elasticsearch, and Ruby on Rails. Experience with React is required. As part of the team you will be responsible for producing high quality, test driven code to meet and exceed product requirements. Our team loves working remote. At least once a year we'll all travel to the same location for some face-time, but otherwise you'll find us using Slack, Zoom and email to communicate and get our projects done. We even pair program remotely when needed. Despite being physically apart you'll find us to be a close-knit group who make an effort to get to know each other. We're easy going but hard working; accepting and transparent; and work-life balance is a priority. All that being said, if you feel you want to work at a GoDaddy office, we're totally accommodating to that too. Responsibilities: Participate in all stages of the software development process Work in an agile Scrum team and participate in all ceremonies Write excellent, performant code and associated tests Work on both front and back-end code and also database schema design Continuously improve application performance, page load times and server response times Requirements: 2+ years working with React 4+ years developing web applications, using a JavaScript stack with Node or using a framework like Rails Experienced with CSS Passion for building great user interfaces Experience with Cassandra and/or ElasticSearch is a bonus Experience working in an agile environment Familiarity with Scrum ceremonies and experience working on a remote software team Experienced with Git and GitHub Team player, ability to teach as well as learn. LI-JA1 _GoDaddy is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We will not discriminate against any applicant or employee on the basis of age, race, color,_ _creed, religion,_ _sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, medical condition, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status or civil partnership/union status, physical or mental_ _disability, pregnancy,_ _childbirth, genetic information, military and veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. GoDaddy will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with local and federal requirements._ If you need assistance completing an application for a position with us, please reach out to our Recruiting Team at Recruiting@godaddy.com To submit your application to this position, please click _Apply_ .