About the team Zillow is looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to join a growing world- class data science and engineering group dedicated to excellence. You will: Design and code highly scalable, machine learning applications processing large volumes of data. Collaborate with others in crafting and implementing your technical vision. Follow agile processes with a focus on delivering production-ready testable code in small iterations. Participate in the entire development lifecycle, from concept to release. Participate in all phases of quality assurance and defect resolution. About the role We create unique content and features powered by sophisticated analytics and machine learning technologies atop Zillow’s unparalleled living database of all homes and hundreds of millions of customers. We are responsible for cutting-edge analytic products such as the Zestimate, Rent Zestimate and housing indices. Building consumer-facing products powering Zillow’s industry- leading online marketplace puts the team and this role at the core of Zillow’s mission to empower the consumer. We build highly parallelized, big data, machine-learning applications in the cloud. Sounds like a Mad Lib of marketing jargon, but we’re serious…that’s what you’ll be building. Small team = big impact. Zillow product development is highly decentralized in order to create the small team speed and autonomy of a start-up environment but backed by big company resources. Fast-moving, developer-driven organization full of brilliant and ambitious people. Learn more about what we are doing at https://www.zillow.com/data-science and https://www.zillow.com/engineering. Who you are 2+ years software development experience with highly scalable systems involving machine learning and big data. Expertise with data analysis languages such as Python, Scala, or R. Experience with Hadoop and Spark is a plus. Experience with Amazon AWS services (specifically S3, EMR, RDS and EC2). Experience with modern source control (Git, Hg, SVN). Applicants should have a degree (BS+) in a Computer Science or related discipline. Get to know us Zillow Group houses a portfolio of the largest and most vibrant real estate and home-related brands on the web and mobile. Our mission is to build the largest, most trusted and vibrant home-related marketplace in the world. Zillow Group is owned, fueled and grown by innovators who help people make better, smarter decisions around all things home. We encourage one another at every level, and our efforts are supported by employee-driven, world-class benefits that enable us to enjoy our lives outside the office while building fulfilling careers that impact millions of individuals every day. _Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know._