A Enterprise Architect serves as a technical leader in the consulting, set-up, estimation, direction, architecture, design, and coding for software development projects and consulting engagements. The Enterprise Architect is expected to collaborate with their peers, including Software Engineers, User Experience Designers, Strategists, and Project Managers to design feasible solutions for client engagements. As a technical leader, we expect the Enterprise Architect to actively engage in Technology consulting with our clients as well as providing technical directions to the team. The Enterprise Architect acts as a leader and a partner to clients and delivery teams in driving results.Providing technical leadership in pitch efforts to the team of strategists,user experience designers, domain experts, business analysts, data scientists, project managers, engineers and other technologists that will fulfill on our client’s business solutions SKILLS / QUALIFICATIONS Strong understanding of programming principles and patterns and comfortable mentoring others Expert knowledge of standard tools used to support software development (e.g. version control, bug tracking, continuous integration, and deployment). Expert knowledge of programming domain (server architecture, security standards, database access and usage, deployment process; mobile developer: GUI manipulations; web developer: HTTP request/response, JavaScript) EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE A combination of higher education and experience representing a thorough understanding of computing fundamentals (architecture, algorithms, data structures, etc.) Strong digital technology strategy acumen including design thinking, technical architecture and user experience Experience leading multiple, complex work streams concurrently with demonstrated expertise as a technical lead on large-scale projects Strong acumen for product development methodologies such as Agile and Scrum Strong business acumen with experience communicating insights from analysis Experience in providing technology consulting to clients on their business solutions with preferred experience with clients in multiple domains like Retail, HealthCare, Financial Services. etc. Experience with multiple technology domains and proven record to lead teams through technical excellence Experience in architecting public and public/private hybrid cloud-based solutions Experience with one or more of: Automated infrastructure, e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, Puppet, scripted infrastructure deployments PaaS. e.g. Azure Services, AWS Elastic Beanstalk, Google AppEngine Serverless computing, e.g. Azure Functions, AWS Lambda, Google Cloud Functions Asynchronous messaging, e.g. Azure ServiceBus, AWS Simple Queue Service, Cloud Pub/Sub Familiarity with various database technologies, use cases, and performance, e.g. relational, document, column, key-value <p