ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY We are looking for results-oriented, driven individuals with a thirst for problem solving. connect with us: azdeq.gov LinkedIn Environmental Scientist 2, 3, 4 RECYCLED WATER SCIENTIST WATER QUALITY DIVISION JOB SUMMARY At ADEQ our vision is to be the number one state in the nation in balanced, leading-edge environmental protection; through technical and operational excellence; and radical simplicity for customers and staff. We are currently looking for employees who are committed to our Agency, passionate to excel in their career and engaged in our mission. Only this caliber of employee will be successful in driving our Agency towards accomplishing our vision. As our Recycled Water Scientist , you will be the public face and point of contact for ADEQ for recycled water. You will oversee and develop recycle water rules alongside teams from Groundwater Protection, Safe Drinking Water and legal support. In addition to rule making, conducting outreach with our regulated community and program development, you will ensure the highest and best use of all water is achieved here in Arizona. Salary Ranges: Level 2: $45,000-$50,000 Level 3: $50,000-$55,000 Level 4: $55,000-$65,000 Do you think you have the combination of commitment, passion, and talent to help drive this Agency to realizing our vision? If so, apply today. To learn more about us, our organizational habits known as the ADEQ Way, our culture, and other positions we have open, visit us at DEQ/careers IDEAL CANDIDATE Ideal candidate will possess: Bachelor’s degree in law, enviro/civil/chemical/mechanical engineering, geology, environmental management, sustainability, environmental science 2 years’ experience for level 2 , 5 years’ experience for level 3; 8 years’ experience for level 4 (above level 2, a related Master’s degree can substitute for 2 years of exp., related Doctorate can substitute for 4 years of exp.) Knowledge of advanced drinking water treatment; application of industry best practices in disinfection, filtration; wastewater treatment plant operation; reuse programs; Safe Drinking Water Act; hydrology or basic engineering; State and Federal environmental regulations; outreach and program development; environmental sciences and research; AZ sources of pollution; best practices for preventing the release of pollutants; environmental research; investigation techniques and statistical analysis, Ability to design, implement and deliver an outreach program to build a community interest in recycled water; follow guidance documents, standard operating procedures, and other technical instructions in performance of tasks; to prepare clear, concise and accurate reports; and to summarize completed tasks and/or monitoring data orally and in written communication; excellent written verbal/written communications, problem solving, strong meeting facilitation skills BENEFITS Among the many benefits of a career with the State of Arizona, there are: 10 paid holidays per year Accrual of sick and annual leave beginning at 12 and 13 days per year respectively for full-time employees A top-ranked retirement program with lifetime pension benefits A robust and affordable insurance plan to include medical, dental, life, short-term and long-term disability An incentivized commuter club and public transportation subsidy program We promote the importance of work/life balance by offering workplace flexibility We offer a variety of learning and career development opportunities Click APPLY to submit your resume Arizona State Government is an EEO/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer. All newly hired employees will be subject to E-Verify Employment Eligibility Verification. Having trouble applying for this position? Email _[email protected]_ or call 602-542-4700 for assistance.