What You'll Do You will drive the acceleration of Software Defined Everything (SDX) effort in Data Center Networking (DCN) team at Cisco IT. You will architect network automation and enable programmatically efficient network configuration in order to improve network performance, stability, and monitoring. You will be empowered to lay the foundation of a software architecture that will be critical to the success of client self-service initiative and achieving exceptional implementation quality. You will be part of a talented team that transforms the way IT Networking industry does business, and tackle some of the leading challenges. Who You'll Work With You will work with the best IT network professionals who are passionate about achieving operational excellence. The team culture is collaborative and fun. You have an opportunity to influence a group of talented network engineers and deliver business impacting value. Who You Are BS degree in Computer Science (or related field) with 8+ years experience. Hands-on experienced in architect and design, mid-scale software systems with multiple interfaces Hands-on experience with Software Development Lifecycle and related tools, such as JIRA, Bitbucket, Jenkins or equivalent. Proven foundation in data structures, algorithms, and software design with strong analytical and debugging skills. Familiar with component-based software architecture Comfortable with agile practices and beliefs in “quality driven” development Deep understanding of the network protocol stack, including L3 and switching and IP Routing Experience in using network APIs Proficient in Python Experience with Ansible Possess IT industry and business perspective, strong analytical skills Strong communication skills Proven track record of successfully leading projects from conception through completion. Confirmed ability to multi-task in an energizing environment. CCIE or CCNA a plus. Why Cisco At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco