Architect - ( 146637 ) Description About Us At HDR, we specialize in engineering, architecture, environmental and construction services. While we are most well-known for adding beauty and structure to communities through high-performance buildings and smart infrastructure, we provide much more than that. We create an unshakable foundation for progress because our multidisciplinary teams also include scientists, economists, builders, analysts and artists. That’s why we believe diversity is our greatest strength. HDR is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer. Watch our 'About Us' video We believe that the way we work can add meaning and value to the world. That ideas inspire positive change. That coloring outside the lines can illuminate fresh perspectives. And that small details yield important realizations. Above all, we believe that collaboration is the best way forward. Primary Responsibilities We are seeking an experienced Architect to join our Philadelphia based team for the Penn First Healthcare Project. The primary duties include the layout and detailing on institutional architectural projects. Candidate should be organized, with an eye for detail, strong technical skills, and problem solving. Production/design experience in preparation and layout of architectural contract documents and specifications. Independently coordinate the work of a multi-disciplined team throughout the design development and contract document phases of a project. Conducts design development and contract document work sessions in conjunction with Project Manager and other disciplines. Review architectural documents for areas of conflict with all disciplines. Writes/edits architectural specifications, and works directly with owner. Coordinates and assists, with affected disciplines, with any addendum, RFIs, CPRs and change orders. Follow instructions on specific assignment objectives, complex features and possible solutions. Perform architectural assignments with direction, but without immediate supervision. Recommend and select procedures, take responsibility for phases of individual revenue-producing projects as needed. Perform other duties as needed Qualifications Required Qualifications Bachelor of Architecture with 5+ years of experience, professional registration required. Proficient in REVIT, 3D software knowledge required. Experience with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Project Schedule). Strong knowledge of codes and good planning skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Experience and/or interest in sustainable design/LEED desired. Candidates who reside in the Princeton/Philadelphia area are preferred. Preferred Qualifications Master's degree in Architecture Experience in the areas of healthcare, educational, civic, science and research facilities Experience and/or interest in sustainable design/LEED desired but not required Knowledge of Photoshop, Illustrator, SketchUp and 3-D Studio Max but not required. Rhino and Grasshopper experience Why HDR At HDR, we know work isn’t only about who you work for; it’s also about what you do and how you do it. Led by the strength of our values and a culture shaped by employee ownership, we network with each other, build on each other’s contributions, and collaborate together to make great things possible. When you join HDR, we give you license to do the same. We help you take charge of your career, giving you multiple growth opportunities along the way. Primary Location : United States-Pennsylvania-Philadelphia Industry : Architecture Schedule : Full-time Employee Status : Regular BusinessClass : Healthcare Architecture Job Posting : Jul 31, 2018