Minimum of two years? experience in data entry and/or customer service. Must be detailed oriented with accurate data entries. Customer service experience and order processing experience preferred. Experience with inventory and shipping a plus. Windows, Microsoft Office, Intuitive ERP, Master Shipper. Shipping systems from major carriers, postage meter and barcode system experience helpful. Must be detailed oriented with history of accurate and efficient data entry skills. Must follow established procedures. Able to multi-task, stay focused, operate under pressure, and work independently and as part of a team in a fast paced environment. Excellent communications skills are needed to effectively work with Account Management, and other cross functional departments in order to fully support Account Management. High school graduate with some college preferred. Reports to Director of Account Management Perform data entry (item cards, sales order cards, work orders, BOM’s, purchase orders, Master Shipper order entry) as needed Support account managers with clerical duties and filing Assist Account Managers with data entry and other administrative requirements as needed. Maintain accurate document filing in various on line programs and physical documents in an orderly manner that can be retrieved easily Follow procedures and work instruction as applicable. Inform the supervisor of work status, suggestions and any concerns Communicate well with peers, superiors, as well as others in the company Minimize waste of any resource and rework Keep your work area neat, clean and organized at all times. Follow company policies and safety procedures Special Requirements Requires ability to move freely throughout the facility (may include walking up and down stairs, through tight or congested areas, as well as up or down ladders), ability to lift, pull and push up to 30 lbs., ability to stand for 7 to 8 hours, ability to verify, by sight, accuracy of product and paperwork and ability to work with mathematical statistics.