The Product team at Affirm delivers on key product goals that enable our retail partners to grow their businesses both online and offline. The team executes on revenue generating priorities that strengthens the Affirm offering across our portfolio of merchants and consumers. This is a unique opportunity to gain exposure to skills required to succeed in both B2B and B2C capacities. In order to succeed in our vision to offer honest financial services that improve lives, our team must maintain extreme efficiency and deliver a seamless experience with every customer interaction. We're looking for experienced, motivated software engineers who will build products and systems that serve our customers, merchant partners, and employees. What You'll Do You will lead the development of products for our merchant partners, our customers, or our finance, risk and operations teams Collaborate with Product Management, Design, and Platform Engineering to iterate and enhance our product offerings Plan, design, communicate, and implement software systems with an eye towards robust, extensible architecture Lead technical discussions and plans to improve our overall software quality Develop technical specifications and decompose the specification into tasks and phases. Estimate project work effort and delivery, and create a project roadmap Continuously raise the bar in terms of code quality, performance, and systems design. What We Look For Passionate : Passionate about Affirm's Mission: "Deliver Honest Financial Products that improve lives" Technical : Fluent in full-stack development (we use React/Redux + Python/Flask) Collaborative : Enjoys cross team collaboration especially with product managers and designers User Focused : Cares about the details in the user experience ABOUT AFFIRM At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives. We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem. We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO of PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission. LI-AH1