As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for four consecutive years. Capital Planning & Development (CPD) is comprised of several units that plan, build and manage comprehensive capital projects. Our business units include: The Office of the Associate Vice President coordinates the core strategic and operational work of the department and serves as the primary contact for governing bodies. Capital & Space Management manages the University’s physical and capital assets. Real Estate manages off-campus real estate, leases, acquisitions, sales, easements, and other transactions affecting University-owned property. Special Projects is responsible for the delivery of construction projects under $5 million. Major Projects is responsible for the delivery of construction projects over $5 million. Strategic Sourcing manages CPD’s portfolio of vendors to ensure the UW is leveraging its buying power and achieving its procurement goals of business equity, sustainability, and cost effectiveness. Business Applications maintains and supports critical enterprise systems and serves as the data hub, creating and curating accurate and readily available information to inform planning, execution, and ongoing assessment. Finance coordinates the accounting and financial management functions from across CPD, overseeing capital projects, real estate, and operating accounts. We have an outstanding opportunity for a Business Intelligence Reports Developer. Under general direction of the University of Washington Capital Planning & Development's Information Architect, the Reports Developer builds and performs analysis of the key metrics and drivers of the department and produces data reports that can be used to make strategic and operational recommendations and decisions. This position will also participate in the build of a reporting database and be the lead on all report development. The scope of analysis encompasses project data, financial data, budget information and business processes. The work performed relates directly to management policies and/or organization, business operations, and the analysis performed result in decisions impacting allocation of funds, staffing levels and/or program results. Capital Planning & Development shares the University’s overall mission to generate, disseminate, and preserve knowledge, and to serve the community. The successful candidate will be expected to work with tools such as SQL Server Reporting Services, SQL Server Analysis Services, Microsoft Visual Studio, Tableau, and advanced Microsoft Excel-related tools. The Reports Developer will have involvement in all aspects of data analysis related projects including design, build, testing and deployment of OLAP data cubes and SQL reports. This will include coordinating the use of data and information in Capital Planning & Development, and related systems across the UW's data universe. This position provides opportunities to work in a fast-paced, challenging, diverse and rewarding environment. As an employee you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. Key responsibilities: Gather and interpret relevant data and information from multiple data sources. Develop, implement and maintain OLAP data cubes and SQL Server reports. Develop spreadsheet-based reports and data extracts with Excel and PowerPivot. Provide ongoing maintenance support through SQL query tuning and optimization. Present analysis findings to Senior and Executive Leadership. Filter and “clean” data, and review computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct data problems. Participate in agile development teams, including interacting with both business analysts and business users to come up with well performing and scalable solutions to data needs. Work with various software programs such as Excel, SQL OLAP, Tableau, and other reporting to track information or data being entered. Secondary responsibilities: Assist and provide training to colleagues in developing, maintaining and promoting data quality standards. Related Duties: Special Projects assigned by the Director. Provide Policy and process recommendation for service and business improvement. Support LEAN activities, when needed. Requirements include: A bachelor’s degree in business, finance, mathematics, computer science, information management, statistics or equivalent. Minimum 3 years of working experience that demonstrates the following: Experience working directly with data warehouses and knowledge of best practices. Possess technical management and understanding skills, focus on quality management. Strong SQL/data query skills. Successful interaction with all levels of personnel within an organization and has the ability to foster successful business relationships. Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills with the ability to handle multiple projects and rapidly changing priorities. Successful completion of numerous analytical projects which required initiative and creative solutions to problems. Presents self and brand with professionalism. Deliver high quality data projects on time in fast-paced environments. Works well under pressure to meet internal and external deadlines and demonstrates consistent follow through. Ability to work well independently as well as with a diverse group of people at varying levels of skill. Commitment to completing tasks with great attention to detail and with a routine, critical self-review. Advanced skills relative to clearly communicating and presenting complex concepts and information. Ability to prepare properly labeled analysis and communicate issues, findings and recommendations. Possess a thorough understanding of business models and data flow. Strong written and verbal communication, including technical writing skills. Flexibility in meeting workload fluctuations and deadlines. Strong skills in Microsoft Office products. _Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except when there are legal requirements, such as a license/certification/registration._ Desired: Experience in a university environment is desired; a graduate degree in a related field is preferred. Experience in designing, developing, testing and supporting of ETL and OLAP cubes. Demonstrated ability to maintain harmonious working relationships and effectively address complex and sensitive administrative and financial issues. Experience working in both academic and administrative units at a major academic institution. Experience working in a real estate and capital projects environment. Experience with ERP systems used in Construction and Real Estate Management. Must be able to respond to emergencies outside of normal working hours. As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For a complete description of our benefits for this position, please visit our website, click here.