Superior Energy Services, Inc. is a leading provider of specialized oilfield services and equipment, focused on serving the drilling and production-related needs of oil and gas companies as well as the plug and abandonment and decommissioning services required at the end of a well's life. The world's energy producers rely on us for the services, tools, equipment and exceptionally trained personnel needed to enhance and maintain the production of oil and gas wells. We play a vital role in all phases of a well's lifecycle — drilling, sand control and stimulation services, production and decommissioning. Superior Energy Services and its subsidiaries are EEO/AA employers. Through participation in the E-Verify program, Superior Energy Services, Inc. electronically verifies the employment eligibility and Social Security Number validity of all new hires. Superior Energy Services, Inc. is currently seeking a Network Architect to join our team in Houston, TX. Summary The Senior Network Architect position is part of Superior’s Network Team, and Infrastructure Organization. This group is responsible for Superior’s global network infrastructure, datacenters, and telephony.This position is responsible for supporting, configuring, and implementing network devices, and telephony architectures. The position is also responsible for network security, response, incident management, and security event participation. Other responsibilities include strategic development to ensure performance, availability, integrity, and security of the company’s LAN and WAN infrastructure. Monitoring and improving network performance and utilization to provide network high availability and redundancy. Execute on future expansion requirements including the installation and testing of network and telecommunication system upgrades and patches when needed. Develop security measures to safeguard all company networks. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Acts as Subject Matter Expert and Technical Lead for all data and voice network based technologies, including routing, switching, firewalls, and voice communications. Leads and drives Network Security efforts including design, technical investigations, event resolution, data collection, and analysis. Responsible for mitigating downtime outages. Provides support to technical Information Technology teams and lead advanced troubleshooting efforts. Perform root cause analysis, problem isolation and incident resolution. Creates and maintains documentation related to area of responsibilities. Drives continuous improvement and efficiency across network infrastructure Technical day-to-day operational management and support of enterprise data and voice network environments. Technical management and oversight for deploying and maintaining global network infrastructure. Participates in 24X7 on-call rotation. Minimum Requirements Minimum 7 years of experience in network administration CCNP/CCIE certification preferred; commiserate experience also considered Expert knowledge of Cisco routing, switching, and data center fabric (Nexus) Expert knowledge of EIGRP, BGP, OSPF, Cisco IOS, Cisco switches, and firewalls experience Expert knowledge of LAN, WAN, WLAN, and WWAN design and implementation experience Expert knowledge of telecommunications technology (VoIP, Traditional PBX, etc.) Experience with network capacity planning, network security architecture, and general network management best practices Experience designing and implementing Cisco security solutions. Advanced knowledge of network disaster planning and recovery measures Experience in IT Planning, including project planning, design, working with vendors, configuration planning, deployment, high availability/business continuity and maintenance Education / Certifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field Cisco Certifications (CCNA, CCNP, CCIE) Excellent Benefits : Medical, Dental, Vision, Disability, Life, Matching 401(k), Employee Stock Purchase Plan _Superior Energy Services and its subsidiaries are Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers for Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled._