The reasons to work at MultiCare are as unique as the people who do. Join us for the professional challenges you seek. In the settings you prefer. With schedules that fit your life. Learn more at www.multicarejobs.org Position Summary: The Enterprise Application Administrator III is an advanced-level technical position. This position has responsibilities in systems, application and training support. The position encompasses design, installation, modification, upgrades, enhancement and support, small project leadership, training, documentation development, and contract review and familiarization. Work situations are a combination of intermediate to complex analytical, clinical, financial and administrative responsibilities, and require independent decision-making, problem solving, leadership, systems analysis, customer service skills, organization, public speaking skills and excellent written and verbal communication skills. Internal contacts require establishing rapport and working relationships with all levels of staff, management, physicians and medical providers, and MHS executives. External contacts include vendor personnel and outside professional and healthcare organizations. Minimum Requirements: 5 - 7 years experience in developing, implementing, operating or maintaining information systems Previous installation experience with healthcare systems databases and interfaces in hospitals and/or clinic settings or with a healthcare system vendor preferred. Education/Licenses/Certifications: Associates degree or vocational/technical program completion in business, healthcare, or Information Technology; Bachelors degree preferred An equivalent combination of additional qualifying work experience and technical certification or training may be substituted for education Clinical/Financial license/Technical certification (RN, MT, RRT, CPA, MCSE, OCP, etc.) preferred. Current Washington State Drivers License; and proof of a safe driving record (which meets established MHS Standards) obtained by a motor vehicle report from the appropriate state Prior experience with Laboratory information systems preferred. Experience with Crystal reports preferred. Experience as a Lab tech or laboratory workflows would be considered.