3M is seeking a Data Science Intern for the Digital Twin Technology for the Corporate Supply Chain Operations & Services organization located in Maplewood, Minnesota for summer 2019. Here, you go! As an intern, you can grow through challenging work, get involved in meaningful projects and receive great coaching from our leaders. An internship is a temporary position within 3M. Interns typically work a full-time schedule throughout a 10-12 week assignment. This position is limited to working 899 hours per service credit year. 3M provides eligible interns with temporary housing and covers a portion of housing costs, as well as round-trip travel reimbursement in accordance with current policy. Applications on this requisition are reviewed and filled on a rolling basis; it is in a candidate’s best interest to apply as soon as possible. Interested candidates should include a resume as part of their application. About 3M: 3M is a global science company that never stops inventing. Our inventions have improved daily life for hundreds of millions of people all over the world. With $32 billion in sales, our 91,000 employees connect with customers all around the world. Scientists, researchers and marketers work across countries and across subjects to solve challenges big and small. Working at 3M M&SC; – Digitization and Advanced Analytics Department provides unique opportunity to be exposed to all areas of the company. As a Data Science Intern, your primary responsibilities will include but are not limited to the following: Participate in real - life projects related to M&SC; operations and services. Conduct a variety of data analytics such as: predictive modeling, statistics, machine learning, data mining, and other data analysis techniques to extract insights from structured and unstructured data. Use various forecast methods including time series, neural networks and other non-linear methods Implement relevant computational algorithms in software that support 3M business Build working relationships and communicate effectively with team members Basic Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Master's degree, or higher, in Science or Engineering from an accredited university Preferred Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Master's degree, or higher, in Computer Science, Applied Math/Statistics, or directly related from an accredited university Current cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher on a 4.0 scale Experience in programming in Python or R Experience using machine learning and statistical algorithms Data analysis experience (e.g. predictive modeling, statistics, machine learning, data mining) Experience in computer or scientific programming Experience in machine learning and statistical algorithm development Completed at minimum a year at MS program by the start of the internship Previous experience as a 3M Intern or Technical Aide OR internship with a manufacturing company This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career. _Responsibilities of this position may include direct and/or indirect physical or logical access to information, systems, technologies subjected to the regulations/compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws._ _U.S. Export Control laws and U.S. Government Department of Defense contracts and sub-contracts impose certain restrictions on companies and their ability to share export-controlled and other technology and services with certain "non-U.S. persons" (persons who are not U.S. citizens or nationals, lawful permanent residents of the U.S., refugees, "Temporary Residents" (granted Amnesty or Special Agricultural Worker provisions), or persons granted asylum (but excluding persons in nonimmigrant status such as H-1B, L-1, F-1, etc.) or non-U.S. citizens._ _To comply with these laws, and in conjunction with the review of candidates for those positions within 3M that may present access to export controlled technical data, 3M must assess employees' U.S. person status, as well as citizenship(s)._ _The questions asked in this application are intended to assess this and will be used for evaluation purposes only. Failure to provide the necessary information in this regard will result in our inability to consider you further for this particular position. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at 3M Company's sole election._ _Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without a sponsorship for employment visa status (e.e. H1B status)._