Director of Artificial Intelligence We are looking for a talented, experienced and passionate Machine Learning expert that can address customer pain points, across domains like Recommender Systems, Anomaly detection, NLP, Machine Vision, Collaborative Filtering, Clustering, Classification, Regression, Deep Learning, and/or statistical modelling. Position Requirements MS with 6+ years /PhD with 3+ yrs. in Computer Science field or BS with 8+ years of applied machine learning experience. 5+ years of Experience in back-end integration, web services and Cloud interfacing (e.g. JSON, XML, RESTful interfacing). Strong background in one or more of:Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision, Recommendation Systems, Pattern Recognition, Large Scale Data Mining or Artificial Intelligence. Delivery of a previous AI based project with success and failure stories from a real customer, with a good sense of lessons learnt and a clear interest and passion in trying out what was learnt into new projects. A mathematical, statistical and probability inclination and deep understanding of some AI concepts. A sense of ambition and passion to change the world using AI and Deep Learning. Responsibilities The Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning team’s work sits at the core of our technology as the key decision-making agent for our systems. Research and develop the algorithms and models that make our software intelligent, as well as implementing, scaling, and maintaining the code that powers our production systems. End to end hands-on ownership of machine learning systems deployable across various projects including data pipelines, model generation, and training and inference engines. Understand the drivers & requirements of the business & translates those into technology solutions, serving as a liaison between technical teams & management. Identify, generate, guide, and review necessary design control deliverables for developing software. Conduct proofs of concept for emerging technologies and business concepts. Aspire to take on responsibilities, challenges and rewards typically demonstrated by senior leadership. Translate business objectives and product features into enterprise – level machine learning solutions through the applicate of your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining & presentation of data.