Public Cloud Systems Administrator Role: Systems Administrator Job Title : Public Cloud Systems Administrator Career Level : Systems Administrator Location: Provo Utah or SUSE based office locations Department: ISV & Public Cloud Infrastructure Division: SUSE Position Type: Fulltime Regular The Public Cloud is a fast paced environment within the IT industry. In the Public Cloud Team, we work very closely with our partners Amazon, Google, and Microsoft to ensure our customers have the best in class experience when using SUSE products within their public cloud framework of choice. We are looking for a Linux Systems Administrator interested in learning new technologies and interested to work in a fast paced partner facing team. As a member of the Public Cloud team you will be engaged with Public Cloud technologies from the three major Public Cloud providers. While many of these technologies are proprietary, the SUSE developed tools and infrastructure are all Open Source and we take pride in our Open Source heritage. In your role as Public Cloud Systems Administrator you will be responsible for maintaining and monitoring our large server infrastructure that provides updates to SUSE customers in the Public Cloud frameworks. Additionally you are expected to provide input to developers to help improve SUSE products, help streamline our Public Cloud operations and tools, and improve our operations reliability. Required skills: Good working knowledge of Linux Systems Installation and Administration. Including but not limited to familiarity with log processing, elastic search, monitoring, and DB administration. 2+ years of work experience. Self motivated and enthusiasm to learn. Degree in computer IT related field or equivalent experience in IT industry. Knowledge of Linux Systems in the Public Cloud. Use of operational tools such as Git, Github, Bugzilla, Trello Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication are essential. Team oriented. Desirable skills: Involvement with the Open Source community and Open Source projects such as openSUSE. Familiarity with Salt Linux Foundation or SUSE Certified Systems Administrator certification Will be required to complete certification within 6 months if you have no certification About SUSE SUSE, a pioneer in open source software, provides reliable, software-defined infrastructure and application delivery solutions that give enterprises greater control and flexibility. More than 25 years of engineering excellence, exceptional service and an unrivaled partner ecosystem power the products and support that help our customers manage complexity, reduce cost, and confidently deliver mission-critical services. The lasting relationships we build allow us to adapt and deliver the smarter innovation they need to succeed—today and tomorrow. For more information, visit www.suse.com