Description The City of Hayward is excited to announce its recruitment for the position of Administrative Intern. DEFINITION Under direct supervision, the Administrative Intern performs a wide variety of duties that may be administrative, paraprofessional, or technical in scope. The exact nature of the work is dependent upon the specific department to which a position is assigned. Interns can expect to work roughly 20 to 30 hours per week for the duration of the assignment which may last between 3 – 6 months. Flexible work hours are available to accommodate an intern's class schedule. Administrative Interns may work for no more than 1,000 hours per fiscal year and may not serve for more than one-year in this classification. DISTINGUISHING CHARACTERISTICS This is a specialized classification for student interns planning to enter the public sector but need more experience and training in order to qualify for entry level professional classes. The exact nature of work is dependent upon the specific department to which a position is assigned, but may include professional level staff assistance in research and analysis, procedural studies, and technical planning for a variety of general administrative or specialized projects. The Administrative Intern differs from the Administrative Clerk in that the former performs a lesser range of duties and is provided more instruction and assistance in completing assignments. Essential Duties Duties may include but are not limited to the following: Assists in the preparation of routine organizational, legislative, and statistical analysis. Conducts studies and surveys; assembles data and summarizes findings. Participates in the research, development, and presentation of various programs. Performs general records management, maintains accounting records, and compiles data for departmental and city-wide operations. Responds to requests for information and provides necessary customer service to members of the community, business organizations, and other City employees. Related duties as assigned. JOB RELATED AND ESSENTIAL QUALIFICATIONS Knowledge of: Proper English usage, spelling, grammar, and punctuation in completing reports and correspondence. Basic principles and methods of public administration. Basic statistics and research methodology. Modern office practices, equipment, and software including Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Outlook, Excel, Powerpoint, etc.). Ability to: Apply and analyze policies, procedures, and regulations. Perform research; compile and evaluate data. Prepare clear and comprehensive, computer-generated reports and documents. Establish and maintain positive working relationships with other City employees and members of the public. Read, understand, interpret and apply policies and procedures. Communicate effectively with all members of the community, both verbally and in writing. Minimum Qualifications EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION Any combination of experience and education that would likely provide the required knowledge and abilities is qualifying. A typical way to obtain the knowledge and abilities would be: Education: Coursework in public administration, business administration, political science, social sciences, law, accounting, planning, or a related field. Must be currently enrolled in a four-year accredited college or university, or have graduated within the last year. Those enrolled must have and maintain a cumulative grade point average of 2.5 or higher. License: Possession and maintenance of a valid Class C California Driver's License. Supplemental Information SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS Essential duties require the mental and/or physical ability to: work in a standard office environment and use standard office equipment and current software; to grasp, perform repetitive hand movements and fine coordination to prepare documents and data using a computer keyboard and mouse/trackball; sit for prolonged periods of time; walk, stand, crouch, reach, twist, turn, kneel, bend, squat, stoop and safely lift and move equipment and materials weighing up to 35 pounds; converse by telephone, by email, in person, and to small or large groups and be clearly understood; read and comprehend legal, technical and complex documents; interact with the public and all different levels of City staff in an effective and professional manner; and safely drive to various locations throughout the City and County to travel to fulfill assigned duties. Essential functions must be performed with our without reasonable accommodations. Administrative Interns may work for no more than 1,000 hours per fiscal year, and may not serve for more than one-year in this classification. SELECTION PROCEDURE Candidates must submit a completed City of Hayward job application and responses to the Supplemental Questionnaire, which fully describe the nature of their professional experience and qualifications. An official academic transcript must be submitted prior to the first day of employment. _Applications submitted without all required materials will not be considered._ Based on the information provided, those best qualified may be invited to the next phase of the process, which may include an oral, practical, and/or written examination. The examination process will result in a ranked eligible register of candidates for hiring consideration by the department. Actual hire depends on success in the departmental selection process. Candidates under final consideration for employment with the City should expect to undergo an employment background/reference check that may include, but is not limited to: employment history, confirmation of educational credentials and degrees, licenses including driver's license, registrations, certificates, and other credentials as part of the appointment process. Some positions, depending on the nature of the work, also require a credit check and a review of Summary Criminal History obtained from the State Department of Justice through Live Scan Fingerprinting. _Applicants will be notified electronically via Government Jobs as to their status in the selection process. It is the responsibility of the applicant to ensure they can receive email notice from Neogov/Government Jobs and the City of Hayward._ APPLICATIONS Candidates are encouraged to apply online at www.hayward-ca.gov under the Current Vacancies tab or at www.NeoGov.com. Paper applications can be obtained by visiting the Human Resources Department at Hayward City Hall located at 777 B Street, Hayward, CA 94541. Office hours are Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Apply prior to the closing time of the job announcement and allow at least one (1) hour to submit your application if you are a new user to the system. Our on-line application system is provided by Government Jobs. If you have problems while applying online, please contact the Government Jobs Help Desk at (877) 204-4442. _The City of Hayward is an Equal Opportunity Employer_