Overview POSITION SUMMARY: The Informatics Analyst will primarily be responsible for querying and analyzing healthcare information provided by clients for the Business Intelligence and Analytics team. The role requires extensive use of SQL to extract data from varied SQL Server databases and utilizing other analysis tools such as Excel, Tableau and statistical packages to provide meaningful analysis to internal and external customers. Responsibilities POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES: Works directly with department leaders to review, enhance and implement, daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly monitoring and reporting, as needed, that will track program performance Maintains a thorough understanding of the business process flows and identifies and reports opportunities for improvement Analysis of key data elements to determine trends and opportunities for advancement of the business Identify, report, and participate with data issue validation and resolution Creates forecasts and brings to light trends and opportunities that can mitigate risk and continue to improve performance Collaborate with business partners to generate metrics and research for development and evaluation of projects and programs Understand the many data sources and data structures throughout the organization Write SQL code to extract and analyze data from disparate data sources Use analysis tools to track, analyze and interpret trends in data in order to provide relevant conclusions and recommendations to management Other duties as assigned. Qualifications POSITION REQUIREMENTS: Educational Requirements: Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration or Analytics, Mathematics, Health Care Administration, Computer Science or related field. Required Skills and Abilities: Minimum of two years experience working with SQL Server. Strong analytical skills with 2 years of business analysis experience. A fundamental understanding of relational database theory and set-based logic. Experienced with T-SQL, stored procedures, functions, common table expressions (CTE). Ability to develop complex queries in a SQL Server environment. Knowledge and experience in a healthcare environment involving claims management and coding. Must possess the ability to handle multiple assignments and meet established deadlines, excellent communication, interpersonal and customer service skills, and the ability to work independently. Aptitude for understanding business environment and translating business requirements to technical solutions. Ability to handle multiple tasks with high attention to detail, as well as perform duties under minimal supervision is a must. Superior communication skills (both written and verbal) and ability to develop and maintain strong working relationships with business partners. Strong ability in math and computer skills Strong proficiency with Microsoft Excel and Access, VBA experience a plus Tableau and statistical program (R, Minitab, SAS, etc.) experience preferred Statistical analysis background preferred with demonstrated understanding of statistical concepts (regression, correlation, analysis of variance, etc.)