To reinvent an industry, you have to build the best team. Join Formlabs if you want to bring ground-breaking professional 3D printers to the desktop of every designer, engineer, researcher, and artist in the world. The components we source from all over the world are essential to the success of our products and company. We must carefully balance our needs to lower costs while ensuring high performance, reliability, and abundant supply. You’ll work with our suppliers face to face to expand the capabilities of Formlabs and directly improve our products. If you are an engineer who can relentlessly improve our supply chain, we want you to join our Supply Chain team. The Job: Work with design engineers moving products from design to production Procure materials for development and manufacturing; identify and order the proper parts quantities, negotiate pricing and shipment terms, and oversee the timely delivery of materials needed to fulfill internal and external customer orders Implement cost reduction measures through contract negotiation, identifying multiple sources and value engineering Identify and evaluate new vendors Compile and report data to provide status updates on supply chain effectiveness Identify opportunities for improvement You will: Hold suppliers to their promises Source, contact, and evaluate potential suppliers for quality, reliability, and capacity State wants and needs with suppliers as well as our engineering team Travel and visit suppliers in all corners of the earth to find the highest quality components Implement quality control measures for components on the manufacturing floor Track key BOM components to ensure a steady supply of parts Work cross-functionally with our software and manufacturing teams (on-site and remote) Bonus Skills: Manufacturing and procurement experience You read electronics and reading schematics Our Perks: Flexible Vacation Generous premium coverage for medical, dental, and vision plans Paid parental leave Commuter benefits Unlimited 3D prints We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Even if you don't check every box, but see yourself contributing, please apply. Help us build an inclusive community that will change the face of 3D printing.