We are seeking a talented individual for a Operations Quality Analyst II who is responsible for ensuring assigned deliverables meet HMS and client quality standards for accuracy, timeliness, and value. Responsible for performing quality assurance checks, working with stakeholders to articulate quality standards for deliverables, training and coaching stakeholders on meeting quality standards, and contributing to the on-going identification of improved methods and processes for achieving quality. Essential Responsibilities: Conducts and documents basic and moderately complex quality assurance checks of core product deliverables for clients prior to release, including: newly identified insurance policies, cycle claims selections for coordination of benefits billings, Provider Disallowance reports, and medical support enforcement files. Assists in identifying and correcting errors. Communicates with Project Managers concerning scheduling of files for QA and errors identified as a result of QA review, working with Project Managers to solve problems. Ensures deliverables meet client requirements through detailed review and analysis. Works with client team to ensure Client Requirement documentation is current and thorough. Maintains archive documentation of reviews performed in the QA database. Uses Quality Review Tools to reviews processing benchmarks and counters, comparing results to prior experience, accounting for variations, cleans and specifies hold-backs. Submits process improvement specifications for changes to processes to remediate historical problems or improve processes. Recommends new processes and methods for streamlining/automating quality review processes or identifying errors in processing more efficiently. Maintains quality reports, tools, electronic warehouses, and intranet portal. Serves as liaison with other departments to ensure clear communication to the QA team of changing business requirements as reflected in the BeSure documentation. Trains team members on performance of quality reviews. Non-Essential Responsibilities: Performs other functions as assigned Qualifications : Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Ability to be careful and thorough about detail. Ability to analyze information and use logic/systematic thinking to address work-related issues and problems and to exercise independent judgment. Ability to work proficiently with Microsoft Excel, Word, Access, and company databases to complete and document QA checks. Able to work effectively and efficiently in a team environment as well as to work independently. Required periodic commitment to work additional hours in support of work volume fluctuations to meet revenue targets. Work Conditions and Physical Demands: Primarily sedentary work in a general office environment Ability to communicate and exchange information Ability to comprehend and interpret documents and data Requires occasional standing, walking, lifting, and moving objects (up to 10 lbs.) Requires manual dexterity to use computer, telephone and peripherals May be required to work extended hours for special business needs May be required to travel at least 10% of time based on business needs Minimum Education: Bachelor’s degree in business or related field, or equivalent work experience required Minimum Related Work Experience: 2 years related work experience _Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time._ Job Posting : Jul 23, 2018, 6:57:31 AM Work Locations : USA-Texas-Irving