Founded in 2015, Honor is now one of the fastest-growing, non-medical home care companies in the U.S. Why? Because we realized that by combining our amazing technology and operations with the local, personal touch of our partner agencies, we could make real progress in transforming this fast- growing, $30BN industry. This unique approach is powering our huge growth - we have cutting-edge machine learning, a beautiful, well-designed app, and industry-leading design, paired with a strong sales, marketing, and support engine. Our mission and ambitions are huge. We’re looking for people who believe, as we do, that modernizing home care for our parents—and yours—is one of the most important problems we can solve. Honor is a well-funded, strongly backed company with experienced leaders who have a proven track record of building large businesses and solving extraordinarily difficult challenges. Join us! Honor is looking for a performance-driven Growth Operations Lead (GO) to join our Care Pro Growth team. The goal of the Growth Operations Lead is to identify and onboard high-quality Care Professionals, who are the core of Honor. The Growth Operations Lead will manage and own all elements of Care Pro supply to fuel Honor’s rapid growth, from identifying trends in demand to interviewing to on-boarding a pipeline of care professionals in a specific region. This role is responsible for expanding our growth processes to ensure that Honor can continue to onboard the most talented Care Pros in the industry while sustaining Honor’s tremendous growth trajectory. Responsibilities: Own a regional end-to-end on-boarding funnel Conduct in-person interviews with all caregiving candidates for a designated area, assessing their skills, aptitude, judgment, and availability to serve as Honor Care Pros Promote the value and mission of Honor to candidates, with the goal of attracting the best talent to Honor Maintain detailed notes and records in applicant tracking system Manage candidate concerns and needs throughout the process Actively follow up and pursue qualified candidates Conduct background checks and all necessary paperwork to prepare the candidate for orientation Provide weekly training orientations for new caregivers Provide feedback to improve the hiring process to shorten the time to hire, increase the number of qualified applicants who accept their offer of Honor, and maintain a high standard of quality Qualifications and Skills Willingness to travel throughout Dallas and surrounding areas as needed for orientation. Burning desire to own your outcomes, be recognized for your individual results, and eagerness to learn and grow your career Strong work ethic and willingness to go the extra mile Minimum 1-2 years recruiting and/or sales experience Excellent communication skills, the ability to engage internal and external stakeholders In-depth understanding and appreciation of the candidate experience Ambitious and performance-driven personality Ability to collaborate and work with colleagues to drive results Effective prioritization _Honor is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, age, disability, genetic information, political affiliation or belief._