The City of Phoenix is seeking an Information Technology Systems Specialist (ITSS) to provide enterprise technical hardware and software support for day- to-day operations and maintenance support for the City’s VMware View/Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) environment which supports PCI compliant point- of-sale services and business desktops for five departments. The ITSS is responsible for the evaluation of technology, development of technical strategies and tactical plans, maintenance of technical system hardware/software including operating systems, technical monitoring of systems and related software, and cooperative participation with customers and partners to promote continuous service improvement. The ITSS works to ensure VDI technology designed and implemented to support City business needs is sustainable through documented availability, incident, event, security, performance, change, capacity, business continuity, and disaster recovery management plans. This includes performing day-to-day operational tasks to ensure that VDI is working appropriately and highly available to the customer base, and that any issues are being proactively resolved. It entails performing routine capacity planning and demand management for the VDI Platform, performing all configuration management processes needed to stay compliant with PCI, security, and client guidelines. This position is responsible for partnering with multiple technology disciplines to assess, troubleshoot and resolve performance and availability issues within the VMware View environment. This position is within the Information Technology Services Department. RECRUITMENT DATES Recruitment closes when we have received a sufficient number of qualified applications. SALARY $63,315 – $94,328 annualized. Appointment can be made above minimum depending upon qualifications. Comprehensive benefits package includes: 11.5 paid holidays, 12 vacation days, 15 sick days, free bus/light rail pass, traditional pension and 457/401 plans, tuition reimbursement upon hire, choice of Blue Cross/Blue Shield or Cigna HMO, PPO. For more details, visit: https://www.phoenix.gov/hrsite/Benefit%20Category/007.pdf JOB REQUIREMENTS To meet the minimum qualifications for this recruitment, you must have: 3 years of experience working with server backup software and systems; 2 years of experience implementing and supporting Microsoft server operating systems (Windows 2003 and Windows 2008 R2); 2 years of experience supporting Windows desktops (Windows 7, Windows 8.1, Windows 10) 1 year of experience supporting virtualized server environments: 2 years of experience supporting servers in a Cisco based, multi segmented, routed and firewalled network using TCP/IP v4. Excellent written and verbal communication and presentation skills. An equivalent combination of related experience and education may be considered. Only the highest qualified may will be posted to the eligible to hire list. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Includes the job requirements listed above, plus: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, math, systems engineering or a related technical field; VMware vSphere 5.x or 6.x experience; VMware View 5.x or 6.x experience; Windows scripting: PowerShell, VBscript, WSH; Experience supporting servers and desktops within a Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliant environment; Experience using enterprise management and monitoring tools; VMware vCenter Configuration Manager, SolarWinds Orion, and Splunk; Knowledge of and application of ITILv3 Framework methodologies, specifically Foundation, Service Operations, and Continuous Service Improvement HOW TO APPLY Apply online by completing the required information and attaching your cover letter and resume. Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above. YOUR COVER LETTER AND RESUME, PLUS ANY OTHER REQUESTED MATERIAL, MUST BE IN ONE ATTACHMENT. Only online applications are accepted for this position. The results of the resume screening process will be sent to your primary email address. WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW All finalists for positions are subject to a criminal background check applicable to the department or position. For other important information related to employment with the City of Phoenix, please visit: https://www.phoenix.gov/hrsite/Documents/Talent-Acquisition/Employment-Information.pdf If you need assistance applying for this job, please contact our HR Connection Center at (602) 495-5700. REFERENCE Info Tech Systems Spec JC: 09560, ID 26910 4/16/18, 6 mos, CH, Benefits: 07, Q City of Phoenix is an equal opportunity employer; our employees demonstrate superior seamless customer service, integrity, and commitment to innovation, efficiency, and fiscally responsible activity. AmeriCorps, Peace Corps, and other national service alumni who meet the required qualifications are encouraged to apply.