Job Description At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially. We're looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you'll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.The Payments, Virtual Solutions, and Innovation (PVSI) team includes Operations, Cards and Retail Services, Deposit Products Group, the Innovation Group, Treasury Management, Merchant Services, Payment Solutions, and Wells Fargo Virtual Channels and the professional services teams that partner with these businesses. PVSI's focus is on delivering the next generation of payments and deposit capabilities and advancing our digital and online offerings to design new customer experiences and products. Its guiding principles are to start with the customer, move faster, and partner effectively. The Cards & Retail Services team helps customers achieve their financial dreams by providing a variety of products across the credit spectrum. We deliver industry-leading rewards, offers and benefits that recognize and celebrate our customers' relationship with Wells Fargo. Our customers all have unique goals and dreams - whether preparing for a home improvement project, shopping for a new sofa or kitchen table or meeting healthcare and dental needs. Others just want a financial tool that allows them to make everyday purchases while earning rewards. Our team works together with groups across the company, including the bankers in our 6,200 banking stores, to provide financing in the form of general-purpose cards, co-branded cards and private- label and industry cards. Our team is 6,700 strong, working in communities across the nation, and focused on doing our very best to help our customers succeed financially.This is an exciting opportunity for an entry-level data scientist to join the digital card acquisitions team (Digital Incubator) that is responsible for developing and executing a bold and market-leading digital acquisition strategy for our rapidly growing credit card business. You will be exposed to techniques that will help you build innovative predictive tools and driving next generation analytics that would support our marketing strategy. We have a wealth of structured and unstructured data and state-of-the-art data platforms that you will fully leverage to significantly advance the state of analytics at Wells. You will work closely with other data scientists within the team as well key marketing, finance, infrastructure and analytical teams within the broader organization to provide high quality statistical models and data-driven analyses with insights leading to actionable recommendations. This role is focused on modeling and analytics, not reporting. Working with senior consultants or directly with partners, responsible for identifying and defining business requirements and translating business needs into moderately complex analyses and recommendations. Performs analysis of findings and trends using statistical and/or financial analysis, modeling, process documentation, profitability analysis, customer/demographic analysis, etc.; recommends solutions to increase revenue, reduce expense, maximize operational efficiency, quality, compliance, etc. Identifies business requirements and analytical needs; identifies and recommends potential data sources; compiles and mines data from multiple, cross business sources. Develops specific, customized reports, ad hoc analyses and/or data visualizations to make recommendations for alternatives. Ensures adherence to data management/data governance regulations and policies. May provide guidance to less experienced specialists. May partner with technology and/or with other business groups. Required Qualifications 4+ years of reporting experience, analytics experience, or a combination of both; or a BS/BA degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 2+ years of reporting experience, analytics experience, or a combination of both A BS/BA degree or higher Desired Qualifications Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Knowledge and understanding of emerging data platforms and analytic tools Hadoop, Aster, and R Other Desired Qualifications 2+ years of experience with Analytical tools (ex: SAS, R, Python, SQL) Ability to write moderately complex code to gather data from a database Ability to gather, mine, and analyze data form multiple sources Familiar with machine learning, statistical and data mining techniques Ability to complete tasks in Data cleansing, formatting, preparation; creating the target variable for predictive modeling; create segmentation Enthusiastic about exploring and learning latest analytic/data trends is a must Strong analytical and problem solving skills, with demonstrated intellectual and analytical rigor Strong work ethics, team oriented, energetic and positive attitude, attention to detail Financial industry and digital marketing experience a plus Self-starter who is naturally curious and can jump in and research problems Interest in learning the latest trends in developing predictive models Master’s Degree preferred but not required Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.