Global Financial Crimes Transaction Monitoring Team, Vice President Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world with total assets of over $2.4 trillion (as ranked by SNL Financial, April 2016) and 140,000 colleagues in nearly 50 countries. In the U.S., we’re 13,000 strong, working together to positively impact every customer, organization, and community we serve. We achieve this by delivering on our values, putting people first, fostering long-term relationships built on honesty and mutual understanding, and inspiring the best in each other. This is all part of our inclusive, high-performing culture supported by Total Rewards that include our cash balance pension plan. Join a team that’s working to fulfill its vision to be the world’s most trusted financial group. Job Summary: Reporting into the Head of Financial Crimes Transaction Monitoring, this new position has been created for the purpose of establishing GFCD Operations Intelligence & Analytics capabilities for BTMU. One of several key positions in the new Global Financial Crimes Division Operations function, this position will be responsible for (i) helping to identify detection scenarios, (2) provide analytics support for developing, tuning, optimizing and modifying segmentation to improve transaction monitoring and screening systems, and (3) helping to coordinate the implementation of scenarios, which detect financial crime. The incumbent is responsible for supporting leadership to ensure a globally consistent effort that enables continuing improvement to the transaction monitoring capabilities and further mitigate potential financial crime. Major Responsibilities: In connection with the Global Financial Crimes program – Support the development of policies and procedures for AML transaction monitoring life cycle, including reviews of scenario validation, segmentation and optimization tools. Support large strategic optimization and segmentation program to enhance and tune MUFG’s GFCD Transaction Monitoring Program. Recommend customer segmentation and optimization for MUFG’s GFCD monitoring system across multiple lines of business. Help develop of models involving tuning, calibration, segmentation and optimization. Perform model validation, memorializing model selection rationales and defined assumptions. Coordinate with regional Intelligence & Analytics teams to implement on the global model. Work collaboratively across functional teams within GFCD to ensure effective and efficient operations with clearly defined roles and responsibilities. Qualifications: Qualifications: Experience/Skills 7 years’ experience designing, analyzing, testing and/or validating BSA/AML models, and/or OFAC sanctions screening models. Familiarity implementing, testing or evaluating performance of financial crime and compliance systems. Proven track record of strong quantitative testing and statistical analysis techniques as it pertains to BSA/AML models, including name similarity matching, classification accuracy testing, unsupervised/supervised machine learning, neural networks, fuzzy logic matching, decision trees, etc. Familiarity of current compliance rules and regulations of the FRB, SEC, OCC, FATF, FinCEN, OFAC, and familiarity with USA PATRIOT Act, BSA/AML and OFAC screening regulations. Prior experience designing compliance program tuning and configuration methodologies, including what-if detection scenario analytics, excess over threshold, and sampling above/below-the-line (ATL/BTL) testing. Working knowledge of one or more of the following programming platforms: SAS, Matlab, R, Python, SQL, VBA, etc. Familiarity with vendor models like Hotscan, Actimize SAM/WLF, SearchSpace, RDC, Bridger Insight, ACE Pelican, TCH OFAC Screening (EPN), FICO Credit/Debit, Guardian Analytics, and ThreatMetrix. Strong knowledge about model risk management and associated regulatory requirements Bachelor's degree in statistics, mathematics, quantitative analysis, economics or related field is required. Advanced degree preferred. Experience interacting with the Executive Committee Leadership, control function leadership, and compliance subject matter experts Proven excellence in execution in complex and demanding situations Collaborative with strong interpersonal communication skills Systemic thinker across enterprise Process oriented coupled with a strong ability to develop appropriate program enhancing strategies Detail-oriented and organized execution Executive level presentation skills An Enterprise Risk Management perspective Additional skills Experience interfacing with banking regulators and enforcement staff Thorough understanding of an effective financial crimes risk management framework Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously The ability to interact effectively at all levels of the organization, including Bank staff, management, directors and prudential regulators Ability to work autonomously and initiate and prioritize own work Ability to work with teams of project managers Solid judgment, strong negotiating skills, and a practical approach to implementation – including knowledge of Bank systems Ability to balance regulatory requirements with the best interests of the Bank and its customers The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.