Overview As a subset of the Research group within Dimensional, Investment Analytics & Data (IAD) is a core member of the Investments team, providing quality data and analysis to Portfolio Management, Trading, Research, Marketing, Institutional Client Services, and Financial Advisors Services. The Investment Analytics & Data group is responsible for analyzing the quality of investment data within Dimensional, including fund characteristics and index data, security reference data, and all other data crucial to the investment process and to downstream reports. Daily tasks involve running reports, evaluating results, and providing analysis to portfolio managers, traders, client servicing, and executives. Project work includes working to automate and increase efficiency of day-to-day and month-end systems, research-oriented projects that require a marriage of finance and technology to evaluate new strategies and/or changes to strategies, and larger projects to create new processes, systems, tools, and reports for analysis. All members of this group share responsibility for clean, accurate data delivery to internal as well as external clients. Attention to detail is crucial, as is inventiveness at finding different ways to analyze the relevant data. This position involves building internal applications for use by Analytics, Portfolio Management, and Sales teams, with a focus on backend class libraries. It will primarily be project-based work either extending existing processes or creating new ones. This position will be heavily involved in how Dimensional creates data for day to day management of its portfolios. Responsibilities Build thoroughly tested, accurate, and fast libraries for use in Investment Analytics Design and build systems from start to finish and take ownership over the final product Work with clients to gather and define requirements for core business systems Support best software development practices Qualifications Bachelor's degree required, advanced degree preferred; degree (or minimally, some coursework) in Computer Science/Electrical Engineering or similar preferred 2-5+ years developing enterprise data-driven applications Experience with C or similar language Extensive experience with TSQL and SQL Server Experience with TDD and understanding of best practices to create robust, testable applications Experience with dependency injection through Spring.NET, Ninject, Autofac, or similar IoC technology Familiarity with Dapper ORM a plus Previous experience with financial data and applications highly considered Excellent attention to detail and commitment to accuracy Self-starter who is capable of managing multiple projects and meeting deadlines It is the policy of the Company to provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. The Company does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, ancestry, medical condition, marital status, covered veteran status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, or any other protected status. This policy applies to all areas of employment including recruitment, hiring, training, job assignment, promotion, compensation, benefits, transfer, discipline, termination, and social and recreational programs.