Description POSITION SUMMARY : The Data Integration Specialist III is responsible for taking customer requirements and converting them into data specifications for application and data integration. This person should have extensive knowledge of healthcare, an understanding of data formats/specifications, and ability to provide gap analysis documentation. The Data Integration Specialist III will also need to have the ability to provide feedback to the business in business terms after completing the technical data gap analysis. MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES : Design & Development- Provides technical development leadership and implementation of design as it relates to the existing applications that correspond with the architecture strategies at an enterprise level. Strategy Execution - Leads in the execution of CHRISTUS' overall information systems strategy as it pertains to their vision of the organization in both strategic and tactical plans. Involved in team adoption, execution and integration of strategy to achieve optimal and efficient deliver. System Engineering - Involved in the evaluation of proposed system acquisitions or solutions development and provides input to the decision-making process relative to compatibility, cost, resource requirements, operations, and maintenance. System Integration - Integrates software components, subsystems, facilities and services into the existing technical systems environment; assesses impact on other systems, and works with cross functional teams within information management to ensure positive project impact. Installs, configures, and verifies the operation of software components. System Management - Participates in development of standards, design and implementation of proactive processes to collect and report data and statistics on assigned systems. System Security - Participates in the research, design, development, and implementation of application, database, and interface security using technologies such as SSL, Public-Key encryption, and Certificates or other emerging security technologies. ADDITIONAL DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES: The Data Integration Specialist III - Interoperability supports the business goals and objectives for the Interoperability Team, the Information Management Organization, and the organization as a whole. Lead groups of individuals: in the analysis, design, development, and delivery of Interoperability Solutions. in working closely with project teams on customer-specific initiatives that involve data movement, translation, or integration development. to solve highly complex technical data communication and transformation issues. Assist team members: troubleshooting technical issues related to data transformation and flow in analyzing customer data specifications and provide gap analysis Create documentation for future reference, training and support purposes Communicate with customers to clarify data format requirements Write translation plans to move development work into various environments Perform unit testing and provide business stakeholders with user acceptance testing guidance. Mentor others regarding Interoperability Team processes Requirements Education/Skills: A Bachelor Degree or equivalent experience preferred Strong attention to detail Problem solving/analysis Technical capacity Demonstrated ability to work and communicate effectively with both technical and business audiences. Ability to develop effective working relationships across the organization Exceptional analytical, conceptual and problem solving abilities. Strong written and oral communication skills. Knowledge of clinical and financial Healthcare data Knowledge of all data formats (HL7, EDI, CSV, XML, etc...) Process and Project Oriented High level of Intellectual Curiosity Experience: A minimum of 10 years IT experience in technical analysis, design and implementation A minimum of 4 years of Healthcare or Healthcare IT experience A minimum of 2 years of experience working in MS Office with a focus on Excel, Word and Visio A minimum of 2 years working with relational databases, MS SQL Server.2000-2008, Transact-SQL, and SQL Stored Procedures or any other database. Integration experience with Microsoft SSIS, Informatica PowerCenter, IBM integration bus or other tool is a plus