Who we are... Verra Mobility is a global leader in smart mobility. We develop technology- enabled solutions that help the world move safely and easily. We are fostering the development of safe cities, working with police departments and municipalities to install over 4,000 red-light, speed, and school bus stop arm safety cameras across North America. We are also creating smart roadways, serving the world's largest commercial fleets and rental car companies to manage tolling transactions and violations for over 8.5 million vehicles. And we are a leading provider of connected systems, processing nearly 165 million transactions each year across 50+ individual tolling authorities. In a nutshell The Fulfillment Coordinator performs the physical or administrative tasks involved with the shipping, receiving, order fulfillment, storing and distributing of materials, parts, supplies and equipment. The role also coordinates activities across vendors, purchasing, and business partner teams. In addition, the role performs the administrative function of data processing, exception processing, and reporting. The role interfaces with clients via phone and email. The role also may have secondary responsibilities for violations processing, data entry, quality assurance, and exception/expedite handling. This is the kind of stuff you'll do Perform administrative functions associated with data entry, reporting, data reconciliation, electronic order processing, and tracking. Manage email boxes associated with order receiving Unpacks and checks goods received against purchase orders or invoices Maintains records of received goods and rejects damaged items Prepares and maintains records of merchandise shipped Posts weights and shipping charges and prepares goods for final shipment Prepares and assembles kitting packages for customer fulfillment Responsible for final quality control and shipping of all shipments Inspects stock and distributes materials in inventory Performs warehouse and inventory control processes of the warehouse including auditing, cycle counting, and physical inventory Performs inventory transactions systematically in a timely and accurate manner including material return to stock Coordinates carrier activity for freight (in bound and out bound) ensuring all shipping documentation is correct and accurate Coordinates Bill of Materials (BOM) creation and maintenance for all part kits Assists supervisor to manage and oversee inventory levels, inventory movement, materials requests, orders, upcoming demand, and work in process. Effectively partners with purchasing, vendors, and internal partners. Produce reports and summaries for the leadership team to tell the story of inventory levels, order status, and expected delivery. What we need in you High School diploma and/or 3 years equivalent experience in Warehousing or related field Intermediate skills with Microsoft products including Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Outlook. Solid spreadsheet skills with formulas and formatting. Able to produce spreadsheet reports and summaries for the leadership team. Ability to set up and monitor print jobs Ability to stand and walk for long periods of time Must be able to lift 40 pounds and move parts as needed Schedule Must be able to work M-F full time and have availability between 7:00am – 5:30pm.