Graduation with a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university with major course work in a field related to the job plus four (4) years of related experience in a focused technology. Experience may substitute for education up to four (4) years Master's Degree in a related field may substitute for two (2) years of experience Licenses or Certifications: None Notes to Applicants The purpose of the IT Systems Consultant – ServiceNow platform position is to create efficiencies by automating and standardizing IT and Business units work processes within the IT Service Management platform – ServiceNow organization-wide. The main duties of the position are to implement existing modules and develop new modules and custom applications on the IT Service Management platform. The position will work with project teams, enterprise architects, and management to forecast future needs as well as design proposed solutions and integrations within the platform. In addition, the position will focus on continuous improvement of already implemented modules and applications through day-to-day monitoring and maintenance activities. DUTIES IT Service Management platform (ServiceNow) adoption and integration Implement and develop new modules and custom applications on the IT Service Management platform (ServiceNow) including the design and architecture of system interfaces, configuration management, documentation, administration, monitoring, troubleshooting and maintain detailed plans for systems disaster recovery and testing. Integrate the IT Service Management platform (ServiceNow) with existing and new technologies within AE IT. Assist project teams in planning, designing, evaluating, procuring and delivering software and/or hardware purchases ensuring the new software and/or hardware has certified integration path with the IT Service Management platform (ServiceNow). Plan and forecast budget needs for new modules and custom applications on the IT Service Management platform (ServiceNow) including the retirement of existing components. Test, install and/or upgrade, and implement new platform releases. Develop and/or implement and ensure the compliance of IT policies, standards and procedures. Communicate and make presentations to the City’s technical departmental representatives and department business managers. Research and analyze the technology market and vendor products to determine the strategy that best meet the IT business needs and the IT Service Management platform (ServiceNow) needs in particular. Gather and document user and process requirements, functional requirements, and developing technical requirements. Develop workflow customizations and supporting the Service transition teams. IT Service Management platform (ServiceNow) operations and maintenance Create and configure Business Rules, UI Policies, UI Actions, Client Scripts and ACLs including advanced scripting of each in the IT Service Management platform (ServiceNow). Create and configure Notifications, UI pages, UI Macros, Script Includes, Formatters, etc. in the IT Service Management platform (ServiceNow). Monitor health, usage and overall compliance of the ServiceNow platform and its applications. Provide user training and user self-support documentation for the ServiceNow platform, as customized for implementations. IMPORTANT INFORMATION To be considered, all relevant employment information must be included on employment application. Information not included in the application will not be considered. Starting salary will be based on overall relevant experience from employment application. Describe specific experience for each position. Use “N/A” for fields that are not applicable. Responses to the Supplemental Questions inquiring about experience should be reflected on application. Pay Range $36.10 – $47.71 Commensurate Hours Monday through Friday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. – 40 Hour Work Week May occasionally work evenings, weekends or holiday. Hours may change based on business needs. Job Close Date 08/16/2018 Type of Posting External Department Austin Energy Regular/Temporary Regular Grant Funded or Pooled Position Not Applicable Category Professional Location Town Lake Center, 721 Barton Springs Rd. Austin ,TX 78704 Preferred Qualifications Preferred Qualifications: 5+ years’ experience developing and configuring core ServiceNow modules: Incident, Request Fulfillment, Problem, Knowledge Management, Change, etc. 5+ years’ experience of scripting in ServiceNow, tool configuration, design work, technical configuration, workflow creation, and deployment. 3+ years’ experience developing and integrating the ServiceNow platform including the creation and/or customization of the core integration functions such as discovery, orchestration, CMDB, etc. as well as building custom applications. 7+ years’ experience with working or developing in any one of the following programming languages: JavaScript, Java, HTML or HTML 5. 7+ years’ experience with web-based systems architecture, service-based architecture, enterprise application architecture. Experience of implementing CMDB on Service Now from scratch. This involves identification of CIs (Manual / discovery), creation and/or validation of relationships, implementing APIs for CI feeds into the DB, CMDB audits, conflict management of CMDB data, etc. Experience with other ITSM systems integrations and/or implementations Duties, Functions and Responsibilities Essential duties and functions, pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, may include the following. Other related duties may be assigned. 1\. Implement and integrate highly complex business systems including the design and architecture of system interfaces, configuration management, documentation, administration, monitoring, troubleshooting and maintain detailed plans for systems disaster recovery and testing 2\. Plan and forecast budget needs for new hardware and software including the retirement of existing systems 3\. Make independent decisions with significant impact for procurement of technical solutions in their focus area 4\. Test, install and/or upgrade, and implement new software and/or hardware and releases 5\. Develop and/or implement and ensure the compliance of IT policies, standards and procedures 6\. Provide solution based cost analysis 7\. Consult on projects or lead project management of enterprise storage, systems implementations and development 8\. Assist project teams in planning, designing, evaluating, procuring and delivering software and/or hardware purchases ensuring specification compliance 9\. Communicate and make presentations to the City’s technical departmental representatives and department business managers 10\. Research and analyze the technology market and vendor products to determine the strategy that best meet the IT business needs Responsibilities \- Supervision and/or Leadership Exercised: May provide leadership, work assignments, evaluation, training, and guidance to others Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Must possess required knowledge, skills, abilities and experience and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Knowledge, at an expert level, in storage, email systems, directory services, and/or virtual systems Knowledge of application and operating systems Knowledge of industry and department best practices, requirements and policies and procedures Knowledge of system capacity planning Skill in mentoring and monitoring daily work activities of others Skill in selecting and using training/instructional methods and procedures Skill in documenting and maintaining complex application and process or configuration information Skill in installing and maintaining applications, operating systems, or equipment Skill in providing day-to-day system/application administration in support in a variety of work environments Ability to accurately identify/determine customer needs and take appropriate actions and/or steps to address identified needs Ability to recognize, value, and include different perspectives, experiences, approaches, and cultures in achieving organizational goals Ability to gain and maintain the trust and confidence of others and the organization through consistency and reliability Ability to give, receive, or share thoughts, ideas, perspective, and data to create shared understanding Ability to inspire, motivate, and influence others to achieve individual and collective goals Ability to make sound decisions in a timely manner that solve issues and stand the test of time Ability to recognize, plan, focus upon, and work toward what is most important or critical Ability to recognize strengths and areas for improvement in others and to provide opportunities, guidance, and encouragement to build skills and capacity Ability to recognize, manage, and resolve conflict efficiently and equitably Does this job require a criminal background investigation? This position requires a criminal background investigation EEO/ADA City of Austin is committed to compliance with the American Disabilities Act. If you require reasonable accommodation during the application process or have a question regarding an essential job function, please call (512) 974-3210 or TTY (512) 974-2445.