Under the supervision of the Assistant Principal, the Campus Assistant is responsible for the safety and support with student behavior as aligned to the Multi-Tiered System of Support. The Campus Assistant facilitates and supports the student supervision and implements the School-Wide Behavior Support Plan with fidelity by having students engage in organized activities. ESSENTIAL DUTIES : Supervises students to comply with all school rules. Facilitates and supports the School-Wide Behavior Support Plan with fidelity, as aligned to the Multi-Tiered Systems of Support (for Behavior). Responsible for reporting any abnormal symptoms and or behaviors observed in the work with students. This includes possible evidence of abuse or neglect as well as any injuries or illnesses. Supervises the health and safety needs of the students Develops, organizes, and executes safe and engaging activities for all students. Must have the ability to nurture respectful relationship with client and children and must be sensitive to the client’s cultural and socioeconomic characteristics. Participates in school assemblies to discuss Positive Behavior & Intervention Support. Performs other duties as directed by Supervisor. Supports in keeping the campus clean and safe of any obstructions that may harm students, staff, parents and/or all stakeholders. Assists in carrying out positive reinforcement procedures and preventative/reactive strategies identified in the School-Wide Behavior Support Plan. Under the Assistant Principal’s direction, participates in professional development on developmental behaviors. Under the Assistant Principal’s direction, participates in professional development on Tiered behavior support for students. May assist in safety and behavior support during field trips by helping students with physical needs, maintaining discipline, and reinforcing learning situations. Provides data support on behavior of students with a tiered approach. Other Duties: Carry out mission, vision, and values established by Para Los Niños’ Superintendent of Charter Schools, the President/CEO and the Board of Directors. Participate in the overall agency continuous quality improvement processes. Performs other duties as assigned by Supervisor. Qualifications Education/Experience: At least one year of paid experience in an education program for children with special needs. Non-Violent Crisis Intervention/Behavior Safety-Care Emergency (NCI/B-SET) training certification High School diploma. _Special Skills/Knowledge/Abilities:_ Ability to work in a special education classroom setting. Ability to gain students’ confidence. Ability to work harmoniously with students, parents, teachers and staff. Ability to act calmly and appropriately in emergencies. Ability to understand the crisis cycle and respond appropriately to escalating behaviors. Knowledge of physical and emotional needs of children at various age levels. Knowledge of needs of special education students in both a regular education Must possess a valid First-Aid/CPR Certificate issued by a recognized First Aid training program. Bilingual (E/S) preferred. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Employees must be able to perform the following essential functions: Observe, see, hear and respond to children’s needs, emergencies and conflicts that may occur in the childcare center or on the playground. Lift 30 pounds from the floor to a waist-high table when necessary. Reach a child 20 to 30 feet away within 30 seconds without endangering the staff person’s health. Be aware of the cognitive, social, and physical needs of children. Communicate verbally and in writing in English (and in Spanish if needed by any stakeholder) Handle the responsibilities often associated with providing child care services. To perform this job the individual must be able to carry out all essential functions satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. Approximately fifty percent of the time is spent sitting, while frequently required to walk, stand and bend. Must be able to talk and hear well. Good vision is imperative. Occasionally required to stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl. Employee will be required to life and/or move unassisted up to twenty-five pounds. Expectations for All Para Los Niños Staff Candidates for employment at a Para Los Niños, regardless of position, will consistently demonstrate the following: Unwavering belief in and commitment to fulfill the mission of Para Los Niños. Deep commitment to the success of all PLN students and families Commitment to excellence and high standards - for self, students, and colleagues. Continuous learning by engaging in reflection, self-assessment, and individual professional development. Use of data to inform decisions and drive continuous improvement. Ability to thrive as a member of a collaborative team. Self-motivation and initiative with solutions-oriented disposition. Belief in and ability to develop respectful relationship with parents and children marked by sensitivity to the students’ cultural and socioeconomic characteristics. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Ability to effectively handle challenging situations Comfort with basic Microsoft Office applications and a curiosity and propensity to push own adoption of new technology and approaches. Regular, punctual attendance and professional appearance. It is the established policy of Para Los Niños (PLN) to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all qualified applicants and employees without discrimination with regard to race, religious belief (including dress or grooming practices), color, sex, sex stereotype, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions (including breast feeding), age, national origin (including possessing a driver’s license issued under Vehicle Code § 12801.9), ancestry, sexual orientation, gender identification and expression, transgender status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic characteristics, genetic information, family care, marital status, enrollment in any public assistance program, status as military, a veteran or qualified disabled veteran, status as an unpaid intern or volunteer, or any other classification protected by law. PLN also prohibits discrimination based on the perception that anyone has any of those characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics. Para Los Niños is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer