Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work. About the Role: Seeking a highly motivated person who is excited to strategically train and help build a team to outperform the given quality and production goals on a daily basis. Support Operations to ensure training compliance. Your Responsibilities Include: Actively involved in supporting operations on the production floor. Demonstrates and serves as role model and a resource to trainers. Responsible for coaching/mentoring trainers. Provides guidance and direction on training policy and adherence. Influence the strategy of overall BSC training. Actively involved in corrective action follow-ups when applicable. (NCMR, Audits, etc.) Assist in best practice benchmarking for training. Facilitate classroom training. Assist in the development of training materials and content. Develop and deliver training tools for operations based on the business need. Application administrator for production learning management system Consult with production support staff to determine production process training requirements Lead projects to continuously improve the business. (VIP initiatives, etc.). Drive cross-functional business strategy. Shape and influence annual business planning for the Training department. What We’re Looking For: Basic Qualifications: High School diploma or equivalent One year of manufacturing experience Strong Computer Skills (Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook) Ability and willingness to adapt to continuous change Good communication skills Strong natural leader Ability to think and act proactively Self-Motivated Preferred Qualifications: One year of training experience preferred Knowledge of MES, SAP, Windchill, and TRS Experience with Learning management systems Documentation management systems eLearning software About us As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen. Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer Requisition ID: 429767 Nearest Major Market: Minneapolis Job Segment: Medical, Industrial, ERP, Medical Technology, SAP, Healthcare, Manufacturing, Technology