Microsoft Cloud Infrastructure and Operations (MCIO) is the engine that powers Microsoft’s cloud services. The team is responsible for designing, building and operating our unified global datacenters; managing the demand planning and capacity utilization of our unified infrastructure; and all the operations needed to run the physical infrastructure (including supply chain, hardware, power, security, and workflow teams). We focus on smart growth with an emphasis on automation, data driven engineering, cost-effectiveness and environmental sustainability. We deliver the core infrastructure and foundational technologies for Microsoft’s over 200 online businesses including Bing, MSN, Office 365, Xbox Live, Skype, OneDrive and the Microsoft Azure platform. Our infrastructure is comprised of a large global portfolio of more than 100 datacenters and 1 million servers. Our portfolio is built and managed by a team of subject matter experts working 24x7x365 to support services for more than 1 billion customers and 20 million businesses in over 90 countries worldwide. Within MCIO, Cloud Supply Chain & Provisioning (CSCP) is responsible for customer demand forecasting, capacity planning and management, supply chain planning and execution, capacity provisioning, and decommissioning of datacenters worldwide. CSCP partners with several teams across MCIO and Microsoft to ensure critical capacity is deployed on-time to meet business priorities of the engineering teams This role will be critical to the MCIO (Microsoft Cloud Infrastructure & Operations) supply chain as you drive optimization of spares inventory and planning processes to support the growing install base of network and server equipment in data centers worldwide. In this role, you will need to ensure availability of spare parts, while also adhering to, and improving, processes to mitigate costs associated with excess and obsolete inventory. Additionally, you will have responsibility for managing the complexities of spares in various lifecycle stages, engage with suppliers, and provide great customer service to the data centers as it relates to inventory and supply chain. We need a customer-focused team member who is excellent at daily execution and analysis, but also a great communicator ready to drive improvement. Supply chain experience is a must, and experience in IT is preferred. Familiarity with planning tools/systems and methodologies is also required. Forecasting experience desired. Responsibilities Execute sparing plans for new, sustaining, and End of Life products, while ensuring product availability for all lifecycle stages (plan, source, deliver) Monitor quality of system-generated output for forecasts, transfers, purchases, and suggested stocking levels based on previous utilization, trends, etc. Provide manual intervention where appropriate and flag opportunities to improve existing planning algorithms Understand the importance of, and manage the complexities of master data management to maintain a well-functioning planning system Perform routine inventory reviews for obsolescence exposure and risk. Manage and improve E &O; processes Drive to meet or exceed targets for metrics/KPI’s, and contribute to continuous improvement of metrics/KPI’s Partner with suppliers; regularly monitor performance and maintain relationships that benefit MCIO supply chain Support the development of and maintenance of MCIO sparing and warranty policies and guidelines Contribute thought leadership to improve processes including: tooling automation, supplier performance, PO delivery, RMA turn time and inventory optimization Support and occasionally lead regular internal reviews of metrics/KPI’s, risks, opportunities related to spares planning and inventory management Partner with data center operations to promote understanding and transparency of MCIO sparing strategy, process, and metrics/KPI’s Support new supplier onboarding as needed, data center decommission strategies, and supply chain initiatives (such as centralized warehousing) that have touch points in the spares planning space Qualifications MRP system experience and the ability to apply that knowledge to a complex, changing environment Project management skills required, including ability to direct multiple programs Strong analytical skillset in the context of supply chain planning/forecasting Experience with materials planning of components or finished goods Understanding of fundamental and advanced supply chain concepts Working knowledge of server and network gear components Must be able to work independently when required and as part of a team Able to deal with conflicting priorities, imperfect data, and frequent changes Proven ability to work directly with customers and suppliers with little supervision Proven ability to write white papers (conceptual) and detailed process documentation Excellent organization and communication skills Ability to think strategically beyond day-to-day execution Strong customer focus and attention to detail Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in business or related field 3-5 years of work-related experience required in a similar role Experience with Microsoft Access, Excel, OneNote, and PowerPoint Supply chain education, APICS certification a plus Lean / Six-Sigma experience is preferred Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.