Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description Overview: The Automotive Team on the Product/Service Innovation and Development (PSID) group seeks an analyst to help tackle and solve complex business problems and partner in bringing new products to market. As a member of the PSID team, the Business Analyst will collaborate in innovating to meet consumer needs while delivering sustained sources of competitive advantage for Allstate. Key Responsibilities Research market conditions including: Allstate, competitor and industry performance Market trends Emerging and new technologies Hypothesize and execute analysis Translate factual data into actionable insights Derive economic valuations Present recommendations to key stakeholders and decision makers Job Qualifications 3-5 years of relevant experience, preferably in consulting, banking, startup or another business field BA in business or commensurate analytical experience; MBA preferred Strong analytical and creative problem-solving skills Acute business judgment Team player with effective interpersonal skills Detail oriented, able to multi-task and effectively push to output Inquisitive with a strong sense of curiosity Must be passionate about innovation and investigating emerging tech solutions Prior experience in P&C; insurance is a positive but not required The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.