Microservices Developer Qualification: Engineering Degree Responsibility: Enterprise Asset Assessment: Understand trends in client requirements and identify opportunities to enhance CTS capabilities across different functional areas (technology / infrastructure). Evaluate various options and provide inputs in developing blueprint of different enterprise assets from a technology stack perspective. Solution Conceptualization: Study industry trends to remain aware of technology and infrastructure trends. Understand internal/external requirements and analyze the need for POC/POT. Evaluate various technologies suited for the solution. Provide support to other teams for building case for PoC/PoT to senior management in terms of current organizational need and potential benefits. Solution Definition and Design: Provide support during requirement gathering and analysis (technical and infrastructure perspective during downstream assessment) to other teams. Interact with client is required to understand their requirements. Interact with domain/ product architects and other teams to analyze architectural options for any given solution. Analyze tradeoffs and provide recommendations, if any, on the solution architecture. Collaborate with delivery team to develop HLD/ functional design Create infrastructure architecture for project based on the requirements. Provide solutions from an infrastructure perspective. Prepare Proof of Technology. Conduct hardware sizing based on non functional requirements. Support the team in deployment of the solution. Seek inputs on design created from various stakeholders and incorporate relevant changes to design solution. Project Support: Conduct planned and unplanned audits. Guide teams in creation of detailed architecture design (database/application). Perform architecture design review. Identify opportunities for optimization of cost / time / asset utilization in specific projects and advise relevant teams accordingly where possible. Interact with clients to provide clarifications and address their queries. Manager stakeholder perception. Provide advice to teams facing complex technical issues in the course of project delivery. Provide technical solutions based on expertise or past experience. Provide various possibilities for delivery team to test solution proposed. Asset Development and Governance: Share ideas with Enterprise Architect and team on new assets that can be developed. Identify technical challenges that arise during the development of enterprise assets and plan for the same. Track utilization of reusable assets / architecture components across the organization. Share the utilization report with Enterprise Architect. Assist in analyzing metrics and feedback from project teams adopting designed assets. Monitor asset effectiveness during realtime implementation. Business Development Support: Scan the market and identify new technology areas which can be adopted in Cognizant. Identify new clients or new needs in the existing clients and share suggestions with Enterprise / Solution Architects. Develop collaterals for proposals. Participate in discussion for client proposals. Provide support for developing RFPs. Participate in industry seminars/ conference, if required, to share knowledge and build Cognizant brand Calculate and present hardware sizing estimates to management for supporting in go/nogo decisions. Knowledge Management: Publish white papers. Maintain a repository of technical solutions, technical best practices and design/coding guidelines/standards. Conduct and facilitate knowledge sharing and learning sessions across the team. Build awareness of the knowledge repository among other teams. Update best practices, white papers, artifacts etc to the database on a regular basis. Training & Mentoring: Provide support in creation of training courses and supporting artifacts on the training server such as demo, presentation. Conduct training with the help of academy and mentoring with respect to infrastructure and technology. Mentor new entrants in EAS function on an ongoing basis. Provide support to various project managers in identification of training needs of their subordinates. Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Vagrant PL1 Desired 2 React PL1 Desired 3 Spring Boot PL1 Required 4 Docker Container PL1 Desired 5 Microservices PL1 Required 6 H2 PL1 Required 7 Gradle PL1 Required 8 CouchBase PL1 Desired 9 Cloud Infrastructure PL1 Desired 10 Cassandra PL1 Desired 11 Puppet IT Automation PL1 Desired 12 Cloud Computing PL1 Desired 13 Junit PL1 Desired 14 Spring Framework PL1 Desired 15 Maven PL1 Required Domain Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Networks NA Desired Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Phoenix, Arizona, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 09 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.