OVERVIEW The University of St. Thomas invites qualified candidates to apply for a Prospect Identification Analyst position within the University Development and Alumni Relations Department. Inspired by Catholic intellectual tradition, the University of St. Thomas educates students to be morally responsible leaders who think critically, act wisely, and work skillfully to advance the common good. A successful candidate will possess a commitment to the ideals of this mission statement. JOIN OUR COMMUNITY The University of St. Thomas offers a competitive and comprehensive benefits program, which includes: Up to 100% tuition remission for employees, spouses, and dependents upon eligibility A generous Employer retirement contribution of 9.4% of annual salary upon eligibility Medical, dental, and vision options Employer-paid disability, life, and AD &D benefits JOB SUMMARY Reporting to the Director of Prospect Management and Research, the Prospect Identification Analyst is responsible for refining and improving prospect identification tools and implementing proactive prospect identification processes to support the University’s strategic fundraising initiatives. The Prospect Identification Analyst will need to understand key issues in the organization, help define the scope of analyses, acquire the relevant data, perform statistical modeling or other analyses, and prepare reports and presentations that are accurate, insightful, and actionable. This position routinely collaborates with multiple cross-departmental and campus teams including Marketing, Insights and Communication, Student Data, Analytics & Reporting and Development Systems to identify and recommend the highest yield prospects for development officer portfolios. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Develop and implement a principal and major gifts prospect qualification process, with an emphasis on building pools of prospects for the University’s strategic initiatives; continually improve and refine processes that generate prospect leads. Collaborate with Prospect Management and Research team to identify and provide recommendations of potential prospects for gift officer portfolios. Oversee student workers with prospect identification projects, as needed. Research new prospects using experience and judgement to qualify prospects for major gift development. Review process includes capacity verification, demographic updates, broad interest and philanthropic history and rationale for gift officer assignment. Partner with analytics team to establish and improve prospect pools; perform regular analysis and maintenance of established qualified prospect pools. Consult with development partners to understand constituent base and fundraising goals, develop annual prospect identification plans, define prospect pool requirements, and explain and review outcomes. QUALIFICATIONS Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field (e.g., statistics, economics, operations research, mathematics, or business analytics, marketing/marketing research, or library scienc). Three years of related professional experience preferably in a development or customer service environment. The Prospect Identification Analyst must be able to show evidence of aptitude in quantitative analytic techniques, self-direction, initiative and problem-solving. Preferred Qualifications Proficiency in statistical software, programming language (e.g., SQL, Python, Java), and data visualization software. Familiarity with relational databases, namely Banner and Reeher. Experience using a variety of online databases and internet search tools. Skill in: The candidate must be skilled at working with real-world data and executing quantitative techniques (e.g. multivariate analyses, machine learning, forecasting, and predictive modeling), to drive towards meaningful insights that solve business problems or support decision needs; have a strong desire to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of processes and systems; have deep respect for data and analytic integrity; have experience with various analytic techniques and data types. HOW TO APPLY On the University of St. Thomas Jobs page, follow the instructions to complete an online application which includes uploading a resume and pasting a job specific cover letter. _The University of St. Thomas, Minnesota Human Resources Department advertises the official job listing on its website at_ _www.stthomas.edu/jobs_ _._ The University of St. Thomas is an Equal Opportunity Employer