Position Responsibilities\Requirements: This is the career opportunity for you!! Aside from offering a challenging and exciting position, with the world's 1 provider of financial technology and services, we also offer competitive benefits and salary. Selected candidates will have the option of enrolling into medical, dental and vision coverage within their 1st month of employment. Our benefits package also includes three (3) weeks of paid vacation yearly. Job Summary Conducts investigations on consumer disputes regarding their consumer information. Works to present the consumer dispute fully and accurately based on FCRA guidelines and timelines. Scheduling Training will be 8:00 am to 4:30 pm Monday through Friday for up to four (4) weeks. The regular work schedule will be 10:45 am to 7:15 pm Monday through Friday. Responsibilities Respond to member and consumer requests both orally and through written correspondence in accordance with Federal regulations related to the Fair Credit Reporting Act and Fair Debt Collection Practices Act along with specific state requirements. Educate and guide consumers through a consumer report request and investigation process, ensuring that regulations and requirements from both a federal and state level are applied. Interpret and analyze consumer's written and oral communications. Educate consumers and offer options for resolution. Maintain the integrity of the database by ensuring data quality and accuracy. Keep files and work area organized. Qualifications Requires the ability to meet aggressive deadlines and handle multiple priorities. Must be able to grant and investigate consumer requests in a timely and considerate manner. Must have superior organizational skills and use time efficiently. Must be able to maintain good attendance, follow Company core values and demonstrate a high standard of conduct. Ability to type 30 wpm needed. Must be trustworthy with a strong work ethic, and advanced problem solving/analytical skills. Excellent written and oral communication skills required. Ability to navigate between various computer applications quickly. Education and/or Experience High school diploma or equivalent (GED) required 6 months related experience and/or training required. Previous customer service experience preferred. Previous Banking experience preferred. Word and Excel experience a plus Entry level role. Attends progressive training with a certification requirement. Progressive training is a tiered approach that allows an analyst to move levels once trained, certified and shows proficiency in current role. Generally, performs basic data entry duties, and handles dispute inquiries by following standard scripts and procedures. Works under close supervision receiving quality audits and feedback to enhance skills learned through progressive training and on the job experience. There is continuous feedback from senior peers and team Leads to review daily workload and progress. With a 50-year history rooted in the financial services industry, FIS™ is the world's largest global provider dedicated to financial technology solutions. We champion clients from banking to capital markets, retail to corporate and everything touched by financial services. Headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida, our 53,000 worldwide employees help serve more than 20,000 clients in over 130 countries. Our technology powers billions of transactions annually that move over $9 trillion around the globe. FIS is a Fortune 500 company and is a member of Standard & Poor's 500® Index. FIS is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all personal information that we process in order to provide services to our clients. For specific information on how FIS protects personal information online, please see the FIS Online Privacy Notice. FIS is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf and here: www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf For positions located in the US, the conditions below apply. If you are made a conditional offer of employment, you will be required to undergo a drug test and background check (including criminal record check) ADA Disclaimer: In developing this job description care was taken to include all competencies needed to successfully perform in this position. However, for Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) purposes, the essential functions of the job may or may not have been described for purposes of ADA reasonable accommodation. All reasonable accommodation requests will be reviewed and evaluated on a case-by- case basis. As part of the selection process this role may require an assessment to determine suitability Recruitment at FIS works primarily on a direct sourcing model; a relatively small portion of our hiring is through recruitment agencies. FIS does not accept resumes from recruitment agencies which are not on the preferred supplier list and is not responsible for any related fees for resumes submitted to job postings, our employees, or any other part of our company. Recruitment at FIS works primarily on a direct sourcing model; a relatively small portion of our hiring is through recruitment agencies. FIS does not accept resumes from recruitment agencies which are not on the preferred supplier list and is not responsible for any related fees for resumes submitted to job postings, our employees, or any other part of our company.