Working in Hurley Retail will be rewarding and challenging and is definitely not just another job. You will be an ambassador of the Hurley brand and everything we stand for: drive, determination and the unyielding commitment to excellence. We are committed to making every customers experience a rewarding one. As a member of our Retail team your contributions will be a big part of our success. Objective : To assist store management, as a member of the Hurley team, to achieve sales targets and ensure long-term business growth by providing premium customer service and maintaining store standards Embrace and utilize customer service training principles Build deep connections to the customer using training principles Understand expectations and achieve targeted sales goals. Ensure 100% zone coverage Drive toward a high level of product expertise Understand and demonstrate an understanding of Retail standards (store attendance, conduct standards, Matter of Respect, etc.) Ensure daily restock is completed Ensure all merchandising standards are maintained Support other facets of the retail location (front of house, back of house, shipping and receiving, store opening and closing, customization, etc.) as business requires it Other duties as assigned Qualifications High School/Secondary School Diploma or equivalent 1+ year work experience Ability to understand direction and communicate in English Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers and management staff Demonstrate a courteous and helpful attitude Must be able to manage personal time to accomplish multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment Physical requirements include the ability to twist, bend, squat, reach, climb a ladder and stand for extended periods of time Our commitment doesn't stop with our customers. If you're up to the challenge of Hurley Retail we'll make it worth your while. You'll be working in a great team environment, with access to the latest and greatest products and apparel. We pride ourselves in providing a competitive compensation and benefits package. Join us and see what it means to be a part of the Hurley Retail experience! We're interested in learning more about you and appreciate you taking the time to apply online. To ensure we continue to hire competent, ethical and trustworthy individuals, all candidates must successfully complete a thorough background investigation prior to receiving any final offer of employment from Hurley.