Overview Intuit’s Innovation and Advanced Technology Group is hiring a Data Scientist to focus on Security and Anti-fraud. Our team develops game changing technologies aimed to detect and prevent fraud across Intuit product offerings. You’ll be building and prototyping algorithms and applications to improve security and anti-fraud on top of the collective financial data of 60 million consumers and small businesses. Applications will span multiple business lines, including personal finance, small business accounting, and tax. Your role will range from research experimentalist to technology innovator to consultative business facilitator. You are extremely passionate about applying practically Machine Learning to real customer problems, powering the next generation experiences for large scale applications. You thrive on ambiguity and will enjoy frequent pivoting that’s part of exploration. You must be comfortable partnering with those directly involved with big data infrastructure, software, and data warehousing, as well as product management. You’ll be comfortable being part of a very small where team members frequently wear multiple hats. Responsibilities Perform hands-on data analysis and modeling with huge data sets. Apply data mining, NLP, and machine learning to enhance Intuit’s security and anti-fraud efforts. Work side-by-side with product managers, software engineers, and designers in designing experiments and minimum viable products. Discover data sources, get access to them, import them, clean them up, and make them “machine learning ready”. Create and refine features from the underlying data. You’ll enjoy developing security/anti-fraud subject matter expertise to have intuition about what features might make your model perform better, and then you’ll lather, rinse and repeat. Run regular A/B tests, gather data, perform statistical analysis, draw conclusions on the impact of your models and communicate results to peers and leaders. Explore new design or technology shifts in order to determine how they might connect with the customer benefits we wish to deliver. Qualifications MS, or PhD in an appropriate field (Computer Science, Statistics, Physics, Applied Math, Operations Research, etc.). 5+ years experience with data science. Expertise in modern advanced analytical tools and programming languages such as Python, Scala, Java and/or R. Efficient in SQL, Hive, SparkSQL, etc. Comfortable working in a Linux environment Expertise in data mining algorithms and statistical modeling techniques such as clustering, classification, regression, decision trees, neural nets, support vector machines, anomaly detection, sequential pattern discovery, and text mining. Solid communication skills - demonstrated ability to explain complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences Preferred Additional Experience Prior experience working in the security and/or anti-fraud space Hadoop Apache Spark Ensemble Methods, Deep Learning, and other topics in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.