Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA As a Cloud Developer Programs Engineer (DPE), you stand at the intersection of a technology movement shaping our world - between the people who build it and the customers who use it. Developer Programs Engineers (DPEs) are the engineering wing of Developer Relations. We ensure that Google Cloud and related open source projects like Kubernetes, Beam and TensorFlow are amazing for developers. As "customer zero" we're the first developers to use upcoming services. We provide feedback on API design, platform consistency and functionality. We write sample code and work with our technical writing teams to produce developer documentation, quickstarts and tutorials. We release open source code, participate in developer forums and help troubleshoot developer problems. You're a phenomenal engineer who loves to produce great code that is an example for those who come after yo and crave customer interaction. You love learning new concepts and then finding innovative ways to teach those concepts to others. In this role, you will work on our Machine Learning products and this is one of the most exciting and fastest-growing areas of Google Cloud Platform. To be successful in this role, you have experience in one or more of the following areas: Running machine learning training and prediction using a framework like TensorFlow, Torch, Theano or Caffe. Performing Machine Learning in R or scikit-learn and analyzing large datasets using using analytical databases (e.g. BigQuery or Redshift) and processing large datasets using tools like Hadoop, Spark or Beam. Products covered by this role include BigTable, BigQuery, Cloud Machine Learning, Machine Learning APIs (Vision, Speech, Natural Language, Translation), Cloud Dataflow, Cloud Dataproc and Cloud Datalab. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Contribute to and manage open source projects. Assist third-party developers in troubleshooting their integrations with Google APIs and use of other Google developer products online (e.g. through Stack Overflow or similar online developer product). Manage and participate in developer discussion forums, and work to address issues raised in these forums. Participate in building strong developer communities, publishing blog posts/guides and promoting our APIs. Advocate for developers internally, and influence Google developer product strategy by working with Product Management, Engineering, PR, Marketing, Business Development and other cross-functional teams. Contribute to API design and developer experience of Google products. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 1 year of experience in software engineering, and coding experience in Python. Experience working directly with third-party developers. Experience in Deep Learning. Preferred qualifications: MS/PhD degree in Computer Science or related technical field. 5 years of relevant work experience in software engineering. Experience designing APIs. Experience as a contributor to an open source project. Contributor to communities such Stack Overflow or similar. Industry experience in Deep Learning, Cafe, Big Data in R, and/or Machine Learning. Experience in Distributed Deep Neural Networks. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.