At Damco Distribution Services we are experts at warehousing, distribution, and transportation. Your shoes were likely made in China. Have you ever wondered how it got to your local retailer? Or, what’s in that shipping container going down your local highway? At Damco Distribution Services, we know. In fact, we facilitate the deconsolidation and movement of freight all across the US and Canada every single day. Working as an independent business unit, Damco Distribution Services is a member of the Maersk group of companies and is financially affiliated to one of the world’s largest and most respected transportation and logistics organizations. Formerly known as Maersk Distribution, Damco Distribution has provided customized distribution solutions for over 25 years. Each client’s supply chain is evaluated to optimize efficiency from factory production, all the way to end user delivery. The goal is not only to minimize lead times but also to minimize inventory levels and costs, thus making the client's business more flexible. Our warehouse network spans from East to West Coasts of the United States and in Canada, with a workforce of some 650 employees. Services include transloading and automated sortation, cross-docking, DC bypass, replenishment, drayage management, and inland transportation. The company stands by its brand attributes of: Passion for Customers, Dedication to Service Delivery, Differentiation and Energized People. We offer Working at Damco Distribution Services brings a unique blend of being part of a conglomerate with rich heritage and an exuberant, enthusiastic, fast-paced logistics company. We believe encouraging our employees to learn, take risks, and grow their career. You bring your hands on work ethic, positive attitude and strong leadership skills. We provide you with a range of unique opportunities from operations to customer service that will accelerate your development in one of the world’s leading logistics companies which is part of a Fortune 500 global organization. We offer competitive compensation and benefits packages which include but are not limited to: A competitive salary: A comprehensive Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage A 401k Retirement Plan Paid time off Tuition Reimbursement And More Key responsibilities This position is responsible for planning and tracking of container movement utilizing most efficient and effective routing on a daily basis. The Dispatch Specialist also ensures time-sensitive cargo moves to its final destination within established terms and provides direction and guidance to Contract Drivers to ensure goals are accomplished. Essential Duties/Responsibilities Communicates daily with Customers, Contract Drivers, Steamship Terminal Personnel, and internal service representatives; coordinating, troubleshooting and resolving issues Coordinate and problem solve pick-ups and deliveries with Contract Drivers, partner carriers, rail operators, and port operators Meets all customer levels of service and deadline requirements eliminating any service failures. Records and audits all documents for equipment tracking Track, trace and report container activity Manage driver-pay Update relevant systems to track appointments and drays Authorize equipment drops and monitor container idling Communicate company policies and procedures to Contract Drivers, monitor performance against standards, and recommend corrective action to management Develops and maintains a positive working rapport with customers, Terminal Operators, and Contract Drivers Process and complete all documentation assigned in a timely manner Track shipping and billing data appropriately and promptly Ability to work in a fast paced environment Promotes DDSI's commitment to Contract Driver safety compliance Assists Customer Service and other office personnel in handling day to day duties required by management Supports the company's commitment to Integrated Management Systems (IMS) certifications We are looking for Ability to perform well with time-sensitive tasks College degree preferred but not required Analytical and organized, ability to focus on details and compare data Ability to work independently Proficient with Microsoft products and various WMS’s and FTS’s Self-started attitude Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to work a flexible schedule including nights, weekends, and holidays