Job Description In this position, you will be working on machine learning and wireless algorithm design in the Next Generation and Standards group within Intel. Your responsibilities will include but not be limited to: Uses or develops machine learning algorithms, such as supervised and unsupervised learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning, Bayesian analysis and others, to solve applied problems in various disciplines such as 5G Wireless, Data Analytics, Computer Vision, Robotics, etc. Interacts with users to define requirements for breakthrough product/solutions. Completes programming, testing, debugging and documentation of the solution. Engineers deep learning computing frameworks, data modeling and other relevant software tools. Qualifications Minimum qualifications MS or Ph.D degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineer or Electrical Engineer. Minimum of 1 year of industry or research experience in machine learning and has proficient knowledge of Deep Learning and image/speech processing related machine learning technologies. Preferred qualifications Deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow, Theano, Caffe, etc. Proficient in Python and OOP development as well as in designing and implementing deep learning network. Inside this Business Group The Next Generation and Standards Group's mission is to lead standards, ecosystem, and prototyping development efforts across Intel for advanced wireless communications IP, starting with 5G and beyond. This group brings together a panorama of competencies including standards creation, ecosystem development, use case and business development in creating advanced prototypes and technologies that propel Intel's leadership. In addition, the group is rapidly expanding towards integration of communications and compute with new technologies and use cases including advanced end to end communication networks, autonomous driving, drones, artificial intelligence, while continuing its leadership in 5G. NGS holds all the advanced communications and compute technology assets to deliver an exciting, converged future at the center of the intelligent data explosion. Other Locations US, Oregon, Hillsboro Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.