BigFix Architect _This role is remote with a travel component_ CBI has been a trusted advisor in the cyber security industry since 1991. We pride ourselves in securing our clients nationwide, providing value through advisory services such as Security Assessments, Incident Response, Digital Forensics, Product Implementations and Managed Security Services. Every single CBI employee contributes to our mission. By joining CBI, you act as a catalyst in a chain of events that helps make our interconnected world more secure for millions of people. You will be surrounded by the brightest business and technical minds in our industry who will inspire you to grow and be great. Working at CBI is your opportunity to shape an industry that’s vital to us all. We live by the CBI Core Values: Customer First ... know your customer and deliver value, every time Performance Based Culture ... critical thinking that helps exceed company goals Authentic ... honest, direct, confident, promises kept Blue Collar Work Ethic... come to work ready to work hard, no task is below you Our employees think we’re a cool place to work, too! CBI has been recognized as one of Crain’s Cool Place to Work in 2017; an example of our commitment to creating a unique culture – providing career enhancing opportunities, programs and benefits that fit the needs of our workforce. We are built on talented people and we need the best of the best to accelerate our growth. Join our team of industry leaders to continue growing your career! Key Responsibilities This position requires significant design, implementation and configuration experience with the IBM BigFix tools. The candidate must also have customer satisfaction as their driving influence and have a technical support background. The candidate must have demonstrated people management skills, the ability to work alone as well as with group of peers. Must have proven written and verbal communication skills, make a positive impact on morale, as well as demonstrate flexibility, adaptability, and ownership. Must be able to respond to our goals and customer needs with a sense of urgency and yet calmly defuse escalations. Complex project management, cross-organization negotiations, and multi-tasking are required on a daily basis. Demonstrated skills in communication, taking initiative, negotiation, software technical background, critical situation management, client facing, business acumen, driving optimal results for clients and CBI are required. Demonstrated ability to develop a conceptual understanding of client business objectives and drivers and clearly identify how these might be best addressed by BigFix, and potentially additional tools, to support the overall solution. Requirements Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or a related field At least five (5) years Information Technology experience, including experience at least three (3) years installing and configuring IBM Endpoint Manager/BigFix V8.2 or later as well as various modules Other Position Requirements In-depth experience in all areas of IBM Endpoint Manager/BigFix V8.2 or later and add-on modules including: Demonstrated ability to patch a variety of operating systems including various non-Windows operating systems Demonstrated experience with IBM Tivoli Provisioning Manager for OS Deployment and BigFix OS Deployment Demonstrated knowledge of Software Use Analysis (BigFix Inventory) and/or IBM License Metric Tool (ILMT) Demonstrated experience with Security and Compliance (BigFix Compliance) Skilled in Fixlet creation (relevance and action script) Skilled in custom report creation Skilled in software distribution packages/fixlet creation – including proper usage of relevance related to software detection Experience as a member of a technical project team, from design through delivery Experience troubleshooting and identifying potential problems and making appropriate changes as necessary Demonstrated ability to properly design, implement and configure a relay infrastructure including a DMZ relay Solid understanding of IBM BigFix best practices Demonstrated presentation and communication skills Preferred Qualifications Demonstrated skills for the following BigFix items: REST, SOAP and Session Relevance Core Protection (BigFix Protection) BigFix Disaster Server Architecture (DSA) Advanced troubleshooting Demonstrated knowledge of the following general items: General security concepts and standard security configurations ITIL TCP/IP, network topology and troubleshooting Microsoft SQL Server V2005 and above LDAP including Windows Active Directory Unattended installation methods for software products Comparable technologies such as: Altiris Ansible Chef JAMF Jenkins Puppet SCCM Physical Requirements General Office Demands Benefits & Company Statement We believe that superior performance; individual and team should be recognized and rewarded. We provide a competitive compensation program to attract, retain and motivate a high-performance workforce, and it’s flexible enough to meet the different needs of our diverse employee population. Our mentorship and training initiatives are unmatched. CBI employees are constantly sharpening their skills and shaping their careers. Our intention is to develop employees to their highest potential, no matter what their job title might be. It’s this approach that always ensures that the right person is in the right seat and most importantly, exceling in their field.