Twitter's Consumer Product Teams are responsible for core features of twitter.com, which includes Timelines, Tweets, Search, Trends, Recommendations, Notifications, Tweet details/permalink, and more! Our code operates at massive scale and speed, serving billions of requests per day, connecting hundreds of millions of active Twitter users to real-time information about their lives and the world we live in. Who We Are: At Twitter, our mission is to instantly connect users to the information most meaningful to them. Realizing this involves work in areas such as machine learning, applied data science, recommendation systems, information retrieval systems, natural language processing, large graph analysis, spam, etc. The team’s mission is to show users the content they care about. We build relevance and machine learning models and systems to power the core of the Twitter product. Every time users see new tweets we evaluate candidates from the nearly half a billion daily tweets to select, organize and deliver the best timeline. The recent products and technologies built by our team have shown consistent results in driving retention and are some of largest contributors of engagements on the platform. What You'll Do: Although you will work on cutting-edge problems, this position is not a research position. You will participate in the engineering life-cycle at Twitter, including designing distributed systems, writing production code, conducting code reviews and working alongside our infrastructure and reliability teams. You’ll apply data science, machine learning and/or graph analysis techniques to a variety of modeling and relevance problems involving users, their relationships, their tweets and their interests. Who You Are: You’re a relevance engineer, applied data scientist or machine-learning engineer who wants to work on exciting algorithmic and deep infrastructure issues. You’re experienced solving large scale relevance problems and comfortable doing incremental quality work while building brand new systems to enable future quality improvements. Knowledgeable in one or more of the following: machine learning, information retrieval, recommendation systems, social network analysis Designed and evaluated approaches for handling high-volume real-time data streams. A strong technical advocate with a background in Java, C++, or Scala, and Python. Comfortable conducting design and code reviews. Experienced in operating Linux-based systems. Knowledgeable of core CS concepts such as: common data structures and algorithms, profiling/optimization. Passionate about working with large unstructured and structured data sets ( for example multi-terabyte+, 100MM+ daily transaction volumes). Experienced in collaborating across multiple teams including analytics, product management, and operations. Requirements: B.S., M.S. or Ph.D. in Computer Science or equivalent degree and work experience. We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status.