Job Summary As a Supply Chain Architect/Analyst (Operations Program Manager 4) at NetApp, you lead cross-functional teams to design and implement processes to enable and sustain NetApp’s world class manufacturing strategy and capability. Additionally, you perform data analysis and provide consultation on innovative techniques to improve supply chain effectiveness. Strong project management and communication skills, along with strong technical competencies are keys to success in this role. Job Requirements Essential Functions: Organize and lead cross functional teams to plan, design and implement changes in NetApp’s end to end supply chain management; from supplier’s supplier to customer’s customer. Develop performance metrics, KPI (Key Performance Indicators) dashboards. Conduct analysis with large sets of data to gain deep business insights and aid in executive decision making; perform cost & benefit, and Ad Hoc analyses. Provide consultation on the use of innovative techniques to improve processes and decision making. Deliver presentations and training courses including measurement, analysis, improvement and control. Survey, benchmark and analyze best practices for techniques and processes. Develop, create and deliver impactful communications to stakeholders. Requirements: Excellent oral and written communication skills; including presentation skills. Ability to work collaboratively within a team environment to meet goals and measurement criteria. Strong analytical skills. Knowledge of supply chain tools, processes, and operations planning. Deep understanding of BOM structures, cost drivers and other operational building blocks. Experience in business process improvement methods. Strong computer skills including: experienced user of a statistical analysis SW and/or a data mining tool, Microsoft Office, Oracle. Creative approach to problem solving. Responsibility: The tasks this individual is responsible for are often unstructured; and the issues addressed are less defined requiring new perspectives and creative approaches. This individual will apply attained experiences and knowledge in solving problems that are complex in scope requiring in-depth evaluation. Demonstrate good judgment in solving problems as well as identifying and framing problems in advance and proposing solutions. Interaction: This individual must work effectively with Staff to Vice President level employees within the function, across functions, and with external parties. Limited supervision and direction is provided, as this individual can operate and drive results and set priorities independently. The ideal candidate will be a proactive contributor and subject matter expert. To be successful, this individual must demonstrate favorable results through regular leadership and influencing others. Education 8 + years of experience is required. A Bachelor’s degree in an analytic discipline is required; a graduate degree in an analytic discipline is preferred. Has successfully completed multiple, complex technical projects in supply chain architecture and planning.