Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world with total assets of over $2.4 trillion (as ranked by SNL Financial, April 2016) and 140,000 colleagues in nearly 50 countries. In the U.S., we’re 13,000 strong, working together to positively impact every customer, organization, and community we serve. We achieve this by delivering on our values, putting people first, fostering long-term relationships built on honesty and mutual understanding, and inspiring the best in each other. This is all part of our inclusive, high-performing culture supported by Total Rewards that include our cash balance pension plan. Join a team that’s working to fulfill its vision to be the world’s most trusted financial group. Job Summary: We are looking for Financial Reporting & Data Analyst to lead the charter across ISA Finance on creating common tools, automating financial reports/models, and developing data solutions across different source systems. Major Responsibilities: Responsible for very complex reporting by integrating different data sources, performing in depth analysis and interpreting results Work cross functionally to understand reporting/system limitations to propose, implement, and execute appropriate solution (i.e. Access Database, VBA, etc.) Ensures all data acquisition, sharing, and results are compliant with department standards Documenting best practices, training, and ensuring adoption of various tools across the team Create dynamic financial reporting capabilities for use across the team allowing different comparisons points (i.e. time periods, departments, g/l’s) Apply business rules to automate current manual processes (G/L Alignment, etc.) Develop transactional repository to allow for month end variance research Support ad-hoc requests Qualifications: Required Skills/Experience Experience in SQL/VBA/Access or other BI tool for querying data and for data manipulation/transformation Advanced knowledge technical and functional designs for databases, data warehousing, and reporting Advanced knowledge with reporting/data visualization tools such as Tableau, Access Reporting, or similar Experience in financial and related systems such as Hyperion/Essbase, Clarity, PeopleSoft, Oracle, Workday, etc. Strong analytic skills with the ability to extract, collect, organize, analyze and interpret results for insights Ability to data mine, analyze data, and present insights in a meaningful way Effective interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills Strong organization and project management skills Basic understanding of a FP &A; function including budgeting, forecasting, GAAP accounting, capitalization, management reporting, and KPI’s Preferred Skills Hands on experience working in the areas of FP&A; including budget management, financial analysis, and variance analysis Advanced understanding of Financial concepts such as GAAP accounting, month end close responsibilities, capitalization, management reporting, and KPI’s Education Bachelor’s Degree Business Studies (Finance, Accounting, Management Information Systems, etc.) or Computer Science Advanced Degree Preferred The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified.