Jack Henry & Associates is seeking a System Administrator for our Cloud Services team. You will work under moderate supervision and be responsible for monitoring, modifying, and maintaining systems for acceptable availability, stability, and response time to customers. You will be involved with the deployment of application updates, new products, and troubleshooting performance issues. Self-motivated with a proven track record in systems administration Windows & Linux). You will be working in a collaborative team environment but also need to be comfortable completing projects on time and on your own when needed. You look for areas to improve processes and procedures and are not satisfied with the status-quo. You are comfortable educating and training others on best practices and new technologies. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Minimum 3 years of experience working in Windows Server system administration. Minimum 2 years of scripting experience. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience working with Windows Server. Exposure to SQL. Linux administration experience. ITIL Foundations certified. Octopus Deploy experience. PowerShell scripting experience. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Monitors systems for optimum performance and availability. Installs, configures and maintains systems, such as LAN, WAN, Internet and/or data networks. Implements system enhancements (software and hardware updates) that will improve the performance and reliability of the system. Troubleshoots and resolves customer and internally-reported system problems. Implements and monitors corporate security policies. Documents and implements system procedures, policies and events. Participates in on-call 24x7 support rotation. Performs essential functions required for effective system backup and restore testing. Performs periodic recovery testing of DR plans. May manage data access and data permissions. Assists in managing user accounts. May assist support groups with applications installed on servers. Equal Employment Opportunity _Applicants for U.S. based positions with Jack Henry & Associates must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position._ _Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and maintains a Drug-Free Workplace._ _Females, minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply._