Los Angeles, California Human Resources Netflix is the world's leading internet entertainment service with 125 million memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, documentaries and feature films across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can watch as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, on any internet-connected screen. Netflix’s stunning colleagues impact to be able to bring the world’s stories to the world’s people. We’re currently on the hunt for a stunning Talent Operations Data Analyst. You’ll be responsible for designing and developing the data program for the talent acquisition team at Netflix. Netflix is rapidly growing and expanding globally and the recruiting team is partnering to support our global growth. While we prefer this person to be located in our Los Angeles office, we're open for them to be in the Los Gatos office. Why is it an exciting time to join Netflix? Talent Acquisition has a seat at the table, but now it’s time to scale without sacrificing quality. We’ll give you the context to be effective, the resources you’ll need to be efficient and we’ll get out of your way to be creative and innovative to elevate a high performing organization. Are you a storyteller? Being able to use data to tell a story, share insights and help us pivot is a powerful skill. Being able to share your analysis will help the organization make snap decisions and pivot when needed quickly. In this role you will: Intimately know recruiting, be an effective thought partner and provide deep analysis and insights Ensure data integrity by understanding business workflows and back-end data structure Develop and maintain reports and design dashboards. Build the analytics infrastructure to identify macro and micro trends Partner with the Netflix Science & Analytics team to develop the people analytics vertical We want someone who has: 5-8 years as a people analyst within a HR or Recruiting function Strong analytical skills and ability to tell a story with insights and trends Strong ability to plan proactively and react quickly Confidence to rely on own judgment and discretion to work independently, take smart risks Proactive and contributive; takes initiative and follows-through reliably Experience working with HR leadership teams Ability to think critically and be agile, as the Netflix recruiting approach is unique across the globe and business