Overview: The Database Administrator II will install, upgrade, administer, maintain, and customize Microsoft SQL Server and MongoDB databases for both analysis and transactional environments. The Database Administrator II must be familiar with all aspects of database servers in a Microsoft-based environment. This person will work closely with other information systems staff from various departments to support and implement a variety of applications, including the corporate wide data warehouse environment, internally developed applications, and off the shelf software. Responsibilities: Build, configure and maintain Microsoft SQL Server, and MongoDB servers. Assist in implementation of internal database applications. Assist in implementation of database, backup and security standards. Monitor and optimize query and database performance. Assist with design of the Data Warehouse to ensure system availability and optimal performance of queries against the Data Warehouse. General troubleshooting. Work closely with various business users to assist in implementing database users to assist in implementing database applications. Participate in weekly on-call rotation including weekends to support all company databases. Work with various business users to understand and document data meaning. Perform duties and responsibilities specific to department functions and activities. Perform other duties and responsibilities as required or assigned by supervisor. Requirements & Skills: 3+ years in Microsoft SQL Server Experience with additional database engines and technologies (Oracle, MongoDB, Postgres, DB2, Hadoop) a strong plus. Knowledge of indexing, triggers, stored procedures, and functions. Knowledge of data warehousing practices including dimensional modeling and ETL processes. Specifically utilizing SSIS and Informatica as ETL tools. Extensive knowledge of SQL Server performance tuning techniques. Strong Transact-SQL experience. Good organization and communications skills. Strong analytical thinking and excellent troubleshooting. Ability to manage multiple, concurrent projects. Experience with third party ETL Tools (SSIS, Informatica, Sagent) is a strong plus. Knowledge of Software As A Service industry a plus. Experience with high availability/DR techniques and technologies (SQL Mirroring, Replication, Clustering, Log Shipping). Experience with SAN and NAS technologies. Experience with OLAP Reporting Tools (Business Objects, Cognos, SSAS, SSRS) is a plus. Must possess excellent written and oral communications skills and the ability to clearly define projects, objectives, goals, schedules and assignments. Must possess the ability to work effectively with business personnel at all levels as well as with outside vendors and contractors. Proficiency with varied types of computer hardware and software. Proficiency with varied computer and network operating systems. Must exercise a reasonable amount of independent judgment under a minimum of supervision. Requires strong interpersonal and organizational skills, including the ability to meet deadlines. Team player. Provide extraordinary service. Further company culture and values. Mental/Physical Requirements: The ability to learn and comprehend basic instructions; understand the meanings of words and respond effectively; and perform basic arithmetic accurately and quickly. Vision must be sufficient to read data reports, manuals and computer screens. Hearing must be sufficient to understand a conversation at a normal volume, including telephone calls and in person. Speech must be coherent to clearly convey or exchange information, including the giving and receiving of assignments and/or directions. Position involves sitting most of the time, but may involve walking or standing for brief periods of time. Dice