Req ID: 20372 Shift: Days Employment Status: AF - Active - Regular - Full Time Job Summary Reporting to the Manager of Business Technology and Data Integration, the Data Integration Developer will support the goals of the Development department by developing efficient data feeds and identifying new areas for automation that increase efficiency and productivity. The developer must be able to work in a fast paced environment and have the ability to learn new systems thoroughly and quickly. The role requires that this person should be able to define business and functional requirements, design and reengineer processes, and identify areas for better technology solutions. Job Responsibilities Work with the Manager of Business Technology and Data Integration to plan for future phased work in developing the Salesforce application. Map data from the data warehouse to new and existing modules accurately. Implement new software application integrations Data mapping between API data, SQL Server tables and business applications Design common keys in the physical data structures. Create and maintain data integration processes by developing common definitions of sourced data. Examine data applications, data models and the data warehouse schema and determine the best-fit data transformation methods. Assess middleware tools for data integration, transformation, and routing. Validate data integration by developing and executing test plans and scenarios including data design, tool design, data extract/transform, networks, and hardware. Perform other data related job duties, as assigned. Responsible for integration of data between various software applications Through extracts from the source system, transforming the data by creating SQL Server Integration Packages, database objects such as tables, views, stored procedures and then maintaining exception and action reports. Communicate effectively with analysts, developers, testers, management, and clients. Design, develop, and support complex integration processes using SSIS Develop and maintain tables, indexes, stored procedures, views, triggers and other objects in Sql Server. Collaborate with business analysts to translate client requirements into development projects Research, relate and recommend technical solutions and relevant software application tools. Required Education and Experience Bachelor’s Degree Five (5) years SQL programming and SSIS development Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic Preferred Education: Bachelors of/in Computer Science or related field Preferred Experience: Seven (7) years SQL programming, SSIS development and working in an IT department; non-profit experience Additional Technical Requirements Strong Microsoft Sql Server database skills. Demonstrated knowledge and understanding of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and Microsoft Access. Experience with API design and implementation. Experience with Salesforce – ideally the Non Profit Success Pack preferred Experience with Raiser’s Edge preferred Experience with HTTP and REST integration preferred A sincere appreciation for people and how they are each uniquely motivated. Poised and engaging, empathetic communications style based on natural warmth and enthusiasm. Fast-paced and results oriented with the ability to work in a timely manner with multiple deadlines and competing requirements. Strong written, presentation, verbal, organizational, and interpersonal skills; demonstrated ability to relate well to individuals from diverse backgrounds. Demonstration of good judgement, professionalism and the highest standards of ethical conduct. All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer). Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 866-820-9288 Email: TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu