Groups is a rapidly growing, mission-driven healthcare company that provides affordable, evidence-based treatment for opiate addiction. Our model uses two of the most powerful tools for recovery: group therapy and medication-assisted treatment with buprenorphine. Our approach takes the best parts of AA (accountability and community) and combines them with the latest medical science and technology. The Systems Administrator position will be part of the team responsible for supporting IT systems across our distributed, national organization. This position enables the efficient operation of clinics and a seamless, modern patient experience. This role works with our other IT Operations team members and reports to our IT Operations Manager. This role is a distinctive opportunity for aspiring IT professionals seeking professional development, in an innovative and high-growth start-up: we are building an organization that can scale to meet the size of the epidemic, and our systems make this growth possible and sustainable. This position supports our email, network, phone system, IT asset management, and electronic medical record (EMR) systems across these main areas: Operations and Support: Provide technical and troubleshooting assistance related to computer hardware and software, mobile devices, cloud printers, and network infrastructure. Perform regular security monitoring to identify any possible concerns. Create, change, and delete user accounts per request. Configure and update hardware, peripherals, services, settings, directories, storage, etc. in accordance with standards and project/operational requirements. Assist with new hardware and software system roll-outs. Account Provisioning: Setup and test new user accounts and ensure new employees are on boarded efficiently. Troubleshoot new employee issues and ensure smooth organizational systems introduction. Qualifications: Bachelor degree, ideally with a technical major, such as engineering or computer science 1 - 2 years systems support or systems administration experience preferred Flexible: You can juggle multiple tasks and priorities, and thrive in environments with ambiguity and rapid change all without breaking a sweat Patience: You can work with a diverse group of people with varying degrees of technical facility with a helpful, friendly demeanor Great at prioritizing: You can separate out what really matters from the noise. You prioritize ruthlessly and don’t get distracted by what isn’t mission critical A well-rounded and creative problem solver: You’re excited to tackle a range of problems, from remotely troubleshooting a network outage to effectively teaching employees how to use a new system– all in the span of an average Monday morning Passionate about our mission: You are looking to join a mission-driven team and culture, and are willing to go above and beyond to get the job done Ability to travel infrequently but as needed Ability to work remotely You are the ideal candidate if you have: Experience with Google Admin services, ChromeOS, Zendesk, AV endpoint software Experience with Windows/MAC management Comfort and familiarity with networks - WiFi/router/VPN/ISP configuration Knowledge of HIPAA and related security requirements Experience with multi-site operations and remote support Experience with EMR systems and/or clinical application support is a big plus Excellent troubleshooting skills