When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. As a senior leader in Software Engineering, you will combine your years of proven expertise with a never-ending quest to create innovative technology. You’ll lead a highly inspired and inquisitive team of technologists who are already developing and deploying applications to the highest standards. With your deep knowledge of design, analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming, your team will raise their game even more, meeting your standards, as well as satisfying both business and functional requirements. Your experience in one or more technology domains will help solve complex and mission critical problems, internally and externally. As a constant learner and early adopter, you’re already embracing leading-edge technologies and methodologies; your example encourages others to follow suit. In addition to creating solutions with your in-house team, you’ll also work alongside our team of technologists from around the world who are just as dedicated as you are. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: BS/BA degree or equivalent experience Mastery of application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines Command of architecture, design and business processes Keen understanding of financial control and budget management Expertise in working in partnership with colleagues throughout the firm, and in leading collaborative teams to achieve common goals 2 years’ experience in managing application running on Hadoop Platform (Hive, HDFS and Spark) Experience in UNIX, SQL, Spark Software, Java and Scala Candidate will be response for managing day to day operations for models running in production environment Work with Business users, stakeholders, Production support and application developers for maintainance and enhancements for the application Our Corporate Technology team relies on smart, driven people like you to develop applications and provide tech support for all our corporate functions across our network. Your efforts will touch lives all over the financial spectrum and across all our divisions: Global Finance, Corporate Treasury, Risk Management, Human Resources, Compliance, Legal, and within the Corporate Administrative Office. You’ll be part of a team specifically built to meet and exceed our evolving technology needs, as well as our technology controls agenda. .