The USC-Health, Emotion, & Addiction Laboratory (USC-HEAL) is recruiting a full-time Statistician I. USC-HEAL is a multidisciplinary team at the Keck School of Medicine Department of Preventive Medicine including four faculty Principal Investigators that conduct human subjects behavioral research on the intersection of addiction, mental health, and health behavior. More information about USC-HEAL can be found at http://heal.usc.edu. Job Description The Statistician I will work closely with the USC-HEAL Senior Methodologist in managing the databases and statistical analyses of several ongoing laboratory- and longitudinal survey-based studies. USC-HEAL has a $2 million annual research portfolio, funded by the National Institutes of Health, American Cancer Society, and Tobacco-Related Disease Research Program. In general, research projects at USC-HEAL include: (1) human behavioral laboratory experiments with mixed between-within participant factorial multi-condition designs; (2) field research studies utilizing ecological momentary assessment (EMA) intensive repeated measures multi-level designs with observations nested within participants behavior; and (3) large-scale multi-cohort longitudinal studies . Specifically, the Statistician I will: Maintain data management and quality control of diverse data sets of self-report, physiological, and behavioral drug use and other health behavior outcomes, from experimental laboratory, field EMA research, and cohort studies; Design and maintain multiple platforms for data collection that leverage modern technologies (including programming Redcap surveys and various EMA platforms); Generate reports and/or datasets for managing recruitment and other study operations; Assist with data analyses on a range of dataset types (e.g., longitudinal, cross-sectional, multilevel, within-subjects repeated measures) using SAS, STATA, R, MPlus, or SPSS; Contribute to the writing and preparation of reports, journal articles and conference presentations; and Assist in the development of new research proposals. The ideal candidate will have proficiency in one or more programming languages (e.g., SAS, SPSS), including data manipulation, documentation, and analysis. A Bachelor’s degree in a behavioral science-related field, and 2 years of experience in database management and statistical analysis are required. Candidates with practical experience and a masters degree in biostatistics, quantitative psychology, or epidemiology are also encouraged to apply. Candidates must be detail-oriented, fluent in English, and possess excellent organizational, communication, analytic, and written skills. Please include cover letter, CV, and contact information for 3 references. FTE 100% Grant Funded