Fourth is looking for a Solution Architect who’s a team player, has strong communication experience, with the ambition, drive & pride in performance to join our US, New York based, Team! The ideal candidate will be a team player, effective communicator, passionate about their work and keen on developing their career. We are looking for candidates with experience working within the hospitality and technology sectors, and must demonstrate a strong background in, and knowledge of, US best practices in business process & technologies for HR functions, including core HR, compensation, benefits, talent management & payroll. We are looking for someone with excellent communication skills with an ability to explain technical concepts to mixed audiences; some experience of working with board level stakeholders would be an advantage. If you like working in a collaborative environment, are a self-starter who can manage complex work in a rapidly changing environment & are looking for that next step in your career, this role is for you! Core Accountabilities Ensuring all qualified sales opportunities are supported professionally throughout the sales cycle, maximizing chances of sales success and delivering maximum deal size every time. Specifically providing workforce management& industry expertise to the US Sales Team within the ‘Discovery’ & ‘Proving Value’ stages of the sales cycle. Sharing knowledge and expertise within the business, interfacing to all departments to support them as a senior industry figure and solution expert. Working collaboratively with Professional Services to ensure high quality scoping and documentation is provided prior to implementation in line with agreed Fourth standards. Consolidated Wider Business Activities Complex sales product demonstrations using pre-configured portals and data loaded via a re-engineered demo portal process Management of all technical aspects of qualified sales processes Professional tender process input and management Project steering resource for Fourth’s most important projects Project handover and statement of work sign off for complex impending projects Maintenance of high level customer relationship facilitating case studies Input into product roadmaps based upon customer engagement Supporting the true articulation of the product value proposition Strong and influential participation in events and trade shows Review and sign off of complex product knowledge articles Working closely with US Payroll and HR teams Skills and Experience Extensive knowledge of (US) best-practice business process and technologies for HR functions, including core HR, compensation, benefits, talent management & payroll Hospitality and technology experience Excellent communication skills with ability to explain technical concepts to mixed audiences. Some experience of working with board level stakeholders would be an advantage Strong organizational skills with ability to manage time and resources effectively Self-starter with the ability to appropriately prioritize and plan complex work in a rapidly changing environment Collaborative team player who demonstrates flexibility and can-do attitude as part of a motivated, high-performance SA Team in a dynamic and fast-paced environment. Excellent organizational, interpersonal and oral/written communication skills Ambition, drive and pride in performance Broad range of network and desktop knowledge, including intermediate to advanced proficiency with Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, Outlook, and PowerPoint. Next Steps: If you feel that you could offer something to the role but perhaps feel you are missing a few items from the list, please DO get in touch. We invest in talent and offer developing programs. If you fit the role, get in touch - please send your CV and reference the position you are applying for. Only short-listed candidates will be contacted We’ve evolved a lot since 1999, but one thing that hasn’t changed is our genuine passion for creating an environment where people are proud to work and products that customers are proud to use. That passion for customer and employee happiness drives us forward. Happiness drives success, not the other way round. We work smart to deliver and we really do enjoy life keeping it simple and delivering quality.