Senior Data Engineer- Solution Design Senior Data Engineers will report into MapR’s Professional Services Organization. MapR Data Engineers are responsible for delivering a variety of engineering services to MapR customers throughout North America. Assignments will vary based on the candidate’s skills and experience. Typical assignments may involve cluster installation, ETL, solution design and application development. MapR’s growing customer base includes most of the Fortune 50 companies which makes the work assignments technically challenging yet rewarding. This role provides a significant opportunity to learn and apply big data technologies and solve related complex problems. MapR Data Engineers report to the Director of Data Engineering located at company headquarters in San Jose, CA. Responsibilities: Master the MapR Converged Platform, including MapR-FS, MapR-DB Binary and JSON Tables, MapR-Streams and the Hadoop Eco-System products and maintain proficiency and currency as the technology evolves and advances. Master data layout and no-SQL schema design best practices. Achieve and maintain proficiency with MapR cluster and Hadoop Framework installation, debugging, and performance measurement/optimization. Achieve proficiency in developing Big Data solutions utilizing the MapR Converged Data Platform and ecosystem tools such as Spark, Storm, Flink, and Pig. Achieve proficiency with Big Data SQL query engines such as Drill, Spark SQL, and Hive. Assist the Sales Team (Sales Rep and Sales Engineer) in positioning and selling MapR Service products and Service offerings. Work closely with MapR sales in scoping and estimating customer professional service projects. Write, deliver and present formal SOW’s (Statement of Work). Deliver SOW content in formal, hands-on, onsite customer engagements and ensure the on-time delivery and quality of MapR Professional Service engagements. Be a technical voice to MapR’s customers and technical community via blogs, Hadoop User Groups (HUG’s) and through participation at leading industry conferences. Stay current in best practices, tools, and applications used in the delivery of professional service engagements. Requirements: 5+ years of hands-on application development experience in Java, Scala or C++ 2+ years of Linux experience preferred Basic scripting skills (Bash or Python preferred) 2+ years in a customer facing, professional services software delivery role preferred but not required Bachelor's degree in CS or equivalent experience Familiarity with Hadoop and the Hadoop Eco-System framework a significant advantage (MapR is willing to train otherwise promising candidates) Strong verbal and written communication skills are required Ability to professionally manage multiple priorities with minimal supervision and on schedule Understanding of commercial IT infrastructures including storage, networking, security and systems management Willingness to travel about 70% The ideal candidate will have any/all of the following: Hadoop, Spark, Scala or Java Programming, Hive, HBase (MapR-DB), Kafka (MapR- Streams) About MapR Technologies MapR Technologies, a provider of the industry’s leading data platform for AI and Analytics, enables enterprises to inject analytics into their business processes to increase revenue, reduce costs, and mitigate risks. MapR addresses the data complexities of high-scale and mission-critical distributed processing from the cloud to the edge, IoT analytics, and container persistence. Global 2000 enterprises trust the MapR Data Platform to help them solve their most complex AI and analytics challenges. Amazon, Cisco, Google, Microsoft, SAP and other leading businesses are all part of the MapR ecosystem. For more information, visit www.mapr.com.