NRG is the leading integrated power company in the U.S., built on the strength of our diverse competitive electric generation portfolio and leading retail electricity platform. A Fortune 500 company, NRG creates value through best- in-class operations, reliable and efficient electric generation, and a retail platform serving residential and commercial businesses. Working with electricity customers large and small, we implement sustainable solutions for producing and managing energy, developing smarter energy choices and delivering exceptional service as our retail electricity providers serve almost three million residential and commercial customers throughout the country. More information is available at www.nrg.com. Connect with NRG Energy on Facebook and follow us on Twitter @nrgenergy. At NRG, we apply advanced analytics and modeling to address challenging business problems. Within our Texas mass markets retail business, which includes Reliant Energy, we aim to promote customized offerings: the right product offered through the right channel, with the right message at the right time for each current or prospective customer. To accomplish this, we leverage our data via predictive modeling, statistical analyses, and optimization. If you love data, programming, creative problem solving, and communicating results, you will fit right in. Responsibilities: Essential Duties/Responsibilities: Apply statistical modeling or machine learning algorithms to optimize marketing efforts with respect to customer acquisition, retention, and attrition Lead and help develop more junior analysts Use cutting edge Hadoop technologies to glean customer insights from mountains of data Work with the marketing team to plan and analyze A/B tests Quantify the effects of various marketing levers Help executives monitor the pulse of the business by automating reports of key performance indicators Develop useful visualizations Translate, communicate, and present results and recommendations to a non-technical audience Qualifications: Education: Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Economics, Engineering, Mathematics, or Operations Research required. Advanced Degree (MS or PhD) in a quantitative field is strongly preferred, such as Statistics, Computer Science, Economics, Engineering, Mathematics, or Operations Research. Experience: 3+ years in statistical modeling and quantitative analysis in industry or full time academic research. - At least 1 year of Hadoop experience Previous retail electricity market experience preferred Previous marketing experience preferred Experience analyzing weblog data a plus Kaggle competition experience also a plus Have you done any interesting analytics projects for fun? We would love to see them! Technical Skills: Statistical modeling and analysis skills Strong general programming skills Proficiency with R and Python SAS programming a plus Strong SQL skills / understanding of relational databases Comfortable working in Linux Data manipulation and analytics/modeling in a Hadoop environment Excel guru Additional Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Ability to translate complex business issues into achievable analytical learning objectives and actionable analytic projects Solid understanding of the use and interpretation of graduate level multivariate statistical techniques and sampling methods, such as multi-variants regression, ANOVA, factor analysis, cluster analysis, and principal components analysis Ability to interpret complex analytic results and develop practical business implications Understanding of the utility business, to include service process, market structure/pricing and competitive environment Good communication skills Strategic marketing mindset and firm understanding of key marketing and financial concepts Keen attention to detail Ability to work as a team member in a fast paced environment Demonstrated ability to learn and apply new technologies and new analytics models/techniques as needed Think critically about analyses to ensure the conclusions make sense before sharing NRG Energy is committed to a drug and alcohol free workplace. To the extent permitted by law and any applicable collective bargaining agreement, employees are subject to periodic random drug testing, and post-accident and reasonable suspicion drug and alcohol testing. EOE AA M/F/Protected Veteran Status/Disability EEO is the Law Poster (The poster can be found at http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf) Level, Title and/or Salary may be adjusted based on the applicant's experience or skills. Official description on file with Human Resources LI-AD SF-IND