Recognized as an expert within the company. Anticipates internal and or external business challenges and/or regulatory issues; recommends process, product or service improvements. Solves unique and complex problems that have a broad impact on the business. Contributes to the development of functional strategy. Leads project teams to achieve milestones and objectives. Progression to this level is typically restricted on the basis of business requirements. Key Responsibilities Manage and facilitate significant analytic initiatives in support of system strategic, operational and quality projects. Document rules and processes for business intelligence or IT reports, dashboards, change requests, projects, or other outputs; Maintain library of model documents, templates or other reusable knowledge Working in collaboration with executives and operational managers, translates the business needs into analytic and reporting strategies through the development, execution and resourcing of routine and project specific plans for analytics delivery. Analysis and interprets data for multiple product or various segments, aligns with other departments and provides decision making on report results and implementation Decides on best business design to meet reporting needs for the organization. Works with IT to ensure correct understanding and implementation of these business needs. Implements new enhancements to BI, supporting additional insight into existing products and services. Ensures correct implementation from beginning to end. Educates & trains user community on the potential uses of the business intelligence system Provides customized ad-hoc reports as requested by management by extracting data from internal databases using SQL or using Business Intelligence tools. Summarizes data in business and financial terms for management, executives, vendors, and other stakeholders, Perform and adopt best practices in testing and reporting: usability, data integrity, test design, analysis, validation, and documentation. Provides Approvals/Denials for Finance of key company data Research and document potential data integrity issues through the use of SQL querying or Business Intelligence tools. Functional Knowledge Regarded as the technical expert in their particular field Demonstrates in-depth and/or breadth of expertise in own discipline and broad knowledge of other disciplines within the function Business Expertise Anticipates business and regulatory issues; recommends product, process or service improvements Leadership Leads projects with notable risk and complexity; develops the strategy for project execution Problem Solving Solves unique and complex problems with broad impact on the business; requires conceptual and innovative thinking to develop solutions Impact Impacts the direction and resource allocation for program, project or services; works within general functional policies and industry guidelines Interpersonal Skills Communicates complex ideas, anticipates potential objections and persuades others, often at senior levels, to adopt a different point of view Qualifications Education Bachelor's Degree 10 - 15 Years of Experience Applied Materials is committed to diversity in its workforce including Equal Employment Opportunity for Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities. Primary Location : Americas-United States of America-California- CA,Santa Clara Job : Business Operations Shift : Day Job Travel : Yes, 20 % of the Time Posting Type : Internal / External Relocation Package : Domestic Lump Sum