_“Never permit a dichotomy to rule your life, a dichotomy in which you hate what you do so you can have pleasure in your spare time. Look for a situation in which your work will give you as much happiness as your spare time.” - Pablo Picasso ~_ DO YOU LOVE TO? Win Set and achieve goals Have a massive impact on a young, fast-growing startup company Thrive off of being busy and managing many tasks/details Get deep satisfaction out of being productive and making a huge contribution Experience hyper-growth and the opportunity to learn & grow Be part of a young & energetic team Compete Work under pressure Be detailed and organized Learn & grow professionally Laugh Push your limits Hustle Take initiative Have freedom If you’re thinking, “That’s ME!” — keep reading... DO YOU HAVE? PASSION - One of the most crucial elements we look for is someone who loves what they do. Life is short and there is no reason to do something you aren’t passionate about. You must LOVE working hard and getting results. Most of all, you must love winning. HUNGER - To learn, to grow, to improve, to win. A relentless hunger to constantly push your limits towards a worthy goal. We’re looking for someone who is never satisfied with mediocrity and is constantly looking to learn and improve upon the person they were yesterday. Someone whos growth we can invest in and is excited for constant challenges. GRATITUDE - We operate under a simple premise - that life is pretty great. Some days are going to be better than others, but there will always be something to be grateful for. We look for someone with a positive attitude that defaults to seeing the good in any given situation as opposed to defaulting to negativity and a victim mentality. A SERVANT’S HEART - The purpose of a business is to make the lives of everyone it comes in contact with a little better. Every interaction with a customer, vendor, colleague, provides an opportunity to have a positive influence. This can’t be done without a servant’s heart. A servant’s heart is being compassionate for others and always deploying empathy regardless of the circumstances. OUR CULTURE We’re a young and ambitious tactical gear company based in Allen, TX on a mission of enabling protectors to perform under any situation for a safer world. We hire smart, capable, highly adaptable people who have a strong drive and a growth mindset (some of your favorite people to learn from are Ryan Holiday, Gary Vaynerchuk, Jocko Willink, Jim Collins, Tim Ferriss...). And while everyone on our team is an “A-player,” our culture is very collaborative, friendly and flexible. We’re not just a highly motivated highly driven company with the desire to reach massive scale and make a big impact in the tactical gear world. We also want you to enjoy doing what you do best and we give you the autonomy and support to do it in a way that works for everyone—our customers, the company and you. The traditional 9-to-5 job is incredibly outdated. We’re doing things differently here. OUR GUIDING PRINCIPLES INTEGRITY FIRST – Everything we do from selling USA made products to customer support to marketing to product development to our warranty is rooted in the basis of integrity. We’re proud to be building a name for our company that people know they can trust to stand behind everything we do. It may not always be the cheapest way, but it will always be the right way. MAKE A DIFFERENCE – There’s more to life than making money. Yes, money is incredibly important, however, it is not the ONLY thing that is important. We pride ourselves on developing performance driven gear that can help save lives when SHTF. Our purpose as a company is to enable protectors to perform under any condition and create a safer world in the process. DELIVER EXCELLENCE - The performance of our products directly impacts the success or failure of the end users critical missions. We strive to deliver excellence from developing new products to interacting with our customers all the way down to how we package and ship out orders. EMBRACE CHANGE AND CHALLENGES – Life in a rapidly growing startup is constantly changing and bringing new challenges daily. We hire incredible people and give them freedom, flexibility, and resources to thrive under these conditions and achieve ambitious goals every day. We’re big on education and self development and provide daily reading time to always be learning. TAKE CALCULATED RISKS – We strongly believe that everyone not just the owners can come up with great ideas. The difference in most other companies is that those who come up with ideas are afraid that they will be fired if their idea fails and loses the company money. We look for free thinking people who aren’t afraid to bring up ideas and run with them. YOUR ROLE ON THE TEAM We're looking for a Customer Support Representative to be an enthusiastic and professional go-to support person for all customer service related inquiries. This is a full-time position based out of our office in Allen, Texas. What you'll expect to do and learn in your first year: Provide customer support through email, phone, and live chat Process and manage returns, refunds, and exchanges Research and answer technical customer inquiries Troubleshoot issues and solve customer complaints Reply to comments and DMs on social media platforms MUST Haves: Must be empathetic and kind in all customer engagements Must be patient and never lose temper with a customer - ever Must be a people person who is genuinely excited to help people and fix problems Must be willing to go above and beyond to make the customer happy Must be an enthusiastic go-getter that is a positive influence on workplace culture Must be an A-player with a hunger to excel Must be an exceptional written & verbal communicator Must be a self-driven, hard-working person who thrives in a fast-paced environment Must love to GROW, both personally and professionally Must be looking to make a long-term commitment with a young Texas startup Must be able to handle autonomy and accountability The Perks We Offer: Medical / Dental / Vision Insurances Paid Vacation Days Flexible Spending Account (FSA) Life Insurance and Accidental Death & Dismemberment Insurance Short Term and Long Term Disability Insurance Discounted Shopping and Entertainment Perks Flexible working hours Standing desks for work Daily reading time STNGR employee discount Unlimited growth potential for A-players Extensive opportunity to learn, grow, and advance your skills and career Snacks in office If you’re still here reading and believe you are a good fit, we would absolutely love to meet you.