Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking a Recruiting Project Coordinator to join our technical staffing team. The web is shifting from a vast encyclopedia of information to a social environment that reflects our real identities and the relationships and information we care about. Facebook is at the forefront of that change. We’re looking for dynamic people that get excited by big questions and hard problems. Sound like you? This position is located in Redmond or Seattle, Washington. RESPONSIBILITIES Provide first line support for the Candidate Debrief or Interviewer Training Program Facebook Reality Labs within Oculus Perform data analysis & consistent clean-up of tools data Execute logistical planning as needed Read and respond to Interviewer Training or Debrief inquires across Facebook Reality Labs within Oculus Work cross-functionally with Recruiting and Client Teams Work in tandem with the Recruiting Project Coordinators to maintain consistency within the Training or Debrief Program across Facebook Reality Labs within Oculus Work closely with our Global Tech Recruiting Operations Specialist on scaling the Candidate Debrief Program or the Interviewer Training & Capacity across Facebook Reality Labs within Oculus Wiki Re-Vamp/Maintenance Provide continuous training/education on Candidate Debrief or Training Program processes across Facebook Reality Labs within Oculus MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1+ years project management or coordinating experience Experience using Microsoft Outlook Knowledge of filters & pivot tables in Excel Experience managing entire projects from initiation to completion Experience tracking multiple details and data points related to a project Experience self-directing, problem solving, and focusing on multiple details simultaneously Experience prioritizing multiple priorities simultaneously and tasks while managing their work time Experience creating and sustaining relationships with external and internal clients