Technology Coordinator III ( Job Number: P060061 ) Description CLASS TITLE : Technology Coordinator III CHARACTERISTICS OF THE CLASS : Under the supervision of the school principal or his/her designee, coordinates computer technology functions at a local school, including installation, troubleshooting, maintenance, and technical support, and performs related duties as required. EXAMPLES OF DUTIES: Duties of this position include, but are not limited to: Network and LAN Maintenance: Coordinates integration of the LAN (Local Area Network) with CPS WAN (Wide Area Network) Manages Proxy, Web, Video, E-mail, etc., servers Installs and maintains network software Manages internet filtering Creates user and assign rights Establishes and monitors storage management Implements and manages backup network Utilizes disaster recovery skills Develops written documentation of all LAN operations/functions Implements and manages network security scheme Troubleshooting: Troubleshoots LAN Equipment Identifies and documents problems and contacts appropriate resources to resolve issues Troubleshoots Equipment, including, but not limited to, printers, computers, peripherals Resolves software conflicts and other related issues Maintenance: Develops maintenance schedule Manages warrantee service Sets up and manages databases Technical Support and Training: Establishes a training program for teachers based on a needs assessment provided by the Office of Technology Services Provides personalized training and support in software applications, e-mail, internet basics and other applications Conducts in-service training for teachers on LAN usage, maintaining classroom equipment, and software Schedules and conducts in-services and workshops for teachers in software applications and basic troubleshooting Trains teachers to be print managers Other Duties: Maintains supply inventory Monitors software and software licenses Maintains equipment inventory Meets regularly with school technology team Orders related supplies Stays current with trends in technology MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS : Training and Experience. Must possess a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university, supplemented by at least one year of experience in network maintenance and administration. Experience in installation of basic computer hardware components is required. Knowledge, Abilities, and Skill. Skills in providing technical support and training are highly desirable. Good oral and written communication skills. Evening and weekend work may be required. Physical Requirements. Medium Work: Exerting twenty (20) to fifty (50) pounds of force occasionally, or ten (10) to fifteen (15) pounds of force frequently, or greater than negligible up to ten (10) pounds of force constantly to move objects.