This position will perform basic aspects of technical application management for multiple enterprise applications through all phases of the application life-cycle, including but not limited to: installations, maintenance, upgrades, patching and testing. Responsibilities for handling, diagnosing and resolving assigned service tickets assigned based on team and individual metrics. Develops, maintains, and understands documentation related to management of the application, including but not limited to: installation, maintenance, upgrades, patches, and support. Ensures system documentation follows best practices, is current, accurate, and followed. Provide customer satisfaction through effectively communicating and managing customer expectations while fulfilling request requirements in a timely manner. Collaborate with other technology departments as needed for sustaining stable platforms and troubleshooting issues. This position will participate in the on-call rotation. Continually updates skills and knowledge relative to the position and the technology industry. Minimum Education and Experience Bachelor’s degree related to information technology (IT). Equivalent combination of relevant IT education and/or experience will be considered. Solid business communication skills (written and oral). Working knowledge of Office products and Windows OS. Basic Windows scripting experience. Preferred Education and Experience 1-2 years experience with workload automation tools. Experience with job scheduling tools such as task scheduler or cron. Working knowledge of BMC Control-M product. Demonstrated analysis and problem solving skills. Powershell scripting experience. Windows server OS knowledge and experience. Linux server OS knowledge and experience. Knowledge of file transfer protocols including encryption methods. Understanding of Windows and Linux permission models. Exposure to Peoplesoft. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Monitor workload automation health. Create daily customer reports. Respond to issues and problems that arise with the workload automation environment. On-call rotation including weekend and after-hours coverage. Complete assignments for new workload automation requests including building new jobs, modifying existing jobs, providing reports and deactivating jobs. Professionally and effectively interact with department staff and other university departments. Install and patch vendor applications and tools. Follow procedures and help improve team procedures. Maintain and create system and job documentation. Continue learning and gaining skills related to job duties. Understand and support University and departmental vision and goals. Physical Activities Working Conditions Additional Information No visa sponsorship available. Special Instructions Summary