Agilent inspires and supports discoveries that advance the quality of life. We provide life science, diagnostic and applied market laboratories worldwide with instruments, services, consumables, applications and expertise. Agilent enables customers to gain the answers and insights they seek ---- so they can do what they do best: improve the world around us. Information about Agilent is available at www.agilent.com. As a Sales Data Analyst Intern, you will apply your function specific coursework to a variety of hands-on projects and activities. At the same time, you will gain and apply knowledge about Agilent's industry, infrastructure and products in your assignment. The successful candidate will have an opportunity to work in the sales enablement organization delivering key reporting insights to global sales teams and projects. In the position you will: Work with sales business leaders to understand their analytical needs, including identifying critical metrics & KPIs Use analytical and problem-solving skills to deliver actionable insights to decision makers Work directly with users and management to gather requirements and support questions Develop visualizations that integrate reporting components from various data sources Support data analytics requests from global sales projects Enrolled in Bachelor's degree program in the field of Data Analytics or Data Science Strong analytical and problem-solving capabilities Demonstrated proficiency with MS Office applications with a strong focus on Excel Effective interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills Agilent Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We value diversity at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, pregnancy, race, religion or religious creed, color, gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, registered domestic partner status, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state, local law, ordinance, or regulation and will not be discriminated against on these bases. For more information about equal employment opportunity protections, please view the 'EEO is the Law' poster available here: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf, https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf Agilent Technologies, Inc., is committed to diversity in the workplace and strives to support candidates with disabilities. If you have a disability and need assistance with any part of the application or interview process or have questions about workplace accessibility, please contact +1-262-754-5030 (US and Canada only) or email job_posting@agilent.com. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled