About New York City Cyber Command NYC Cyber Command was created in 2017 by Executive Order to lead the City?s cyber defense efforts, working across more than 100 agencies and offices to prevent, detect, respond, and recover from cyber threats. NYC Cyber Command is committed to protecting NYC infrastructure and critical systems from malicious attacks through the use of the latest technologies, public-private partnerships, and regular training and exercises for City employees. Job DesctiptionData Engineers support the Cybersecurity Data Science team led by the Cybersecurity Lead Data Scientist. The Data Science team analyzes data in order to defend against cyber threats to the City. This team is integral to the defense of the City?s information environment, and works directly with the NYC3 Architecture, Engineering, and Threat Management teams. The Data Engineer and Data Engineering Specialist design, build, implement, and operate systems that ingest, normalize, correlate, analyze, and present cybersecurity relevant data from across the City.The position?s responsibilities include commitment to and compliance with the City?s EEO policy. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A master's degree in computer science from an accredited college and three years of progressively more responsible, full-time, satisfactory experience using information technology in computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, database administration, planning of data/information processing, user services, or area networks at least 18 months of this experience must have been in an administrative, managerial or executive capacity in the areas of computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, data base administration, or planning of data processing or in the supervision of staff performing these duties; or 2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of experience as described in "1" above; or 3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and six years of experience as described in "1" above; or 4. A satisfactory combination of education and experience equivalent to "1", "2" or "3" above. However, all candidates must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and must possess at least three years of experience as described in "1" above, including the 18 months of administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory experience as described in "1" above. Qualification Requirements (continued) NOTE: The following types of experience are not acceptable: superficial use of preprogrammed software without complex programming, design, implementation or management of the product; use of word processing packages; use of a hand held calculator; primarily the entering or updating of data in a system; the operation of data processing hardware or consoles. Preferred Skills The preferred candidate should possess the following: 3 years experience analyzing large, high velocity, heterogeneous datasets; proficient in using cloud-based tools for ingesting, normalizing, analyzing, and presenting data for future engineering solutions and executive decision makers; at least bachelor?s degrees in computer science and have specializations in mathematics, number theory, applied cryptography, or statistics or relevant experience. Preferred candidates will have strong practical knowledge of data structures, Java, relational database design, and familiarity with system level and distributed programming. Familiarity with Unix scripting, Web development, and automated testing is highly desirable but not required. To Apply For City employees, please go to Employee Self Service (ESS), click on Recruiting Activities > Careers, and search for Job ID 334673For all other applicants, please go to www.nyc.gov/jobs/search and search for Job ID 334673-or-If you do not have access to a computer, please mail resume indicating Job ID to: Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DoITT)Recruitment Office - 2 Metrotech Center - 4th Floor - Brooklyn, NY 11201SUBMISSION OF A RESUME IS NOT A GUARANTEE THAT YOU WILL RECEIVE AN INTERVIEWAPPOINTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO OVERSIGHTThe Department of Information Technology & Telecommunications and the City of New York are equal opportunity employers.DoITT participates in E-Verify Hours/Shift Day - Due to the necessary technical management duties of this position in a 24/7 operation, candidate may be required to be on call and/or work various shifts such as weekends and/or nights/evenings. Work Location Manhattan, NY Residency Requirement New York City Residency is not required for this position