We are searching for an Data Application Architect for our Business Intelligence team – someone who works well in a fast-paced managed healthcare setting. In this position you’ll review data warehousing application requirements, enterprise data architectures, data modeling and designs. You will develop, amend, optimize, and certify application and system design of Integrated Delivery Systems. You will be responsible for the identification and resolution of the application information flow, the application integration and the required infrastructure to support application requirements. You will also make routine decisions regarding controlling the system development process, assigning proper system development responsibilities to team members, development of analysis and design of system and programs, development and maintenance of system problem analysis and resolution techniques. You will be responsible to ensure high level of data quality through the creation and management of sound data management processes. You will need to have not only data warehousing experience and SQL knowledge, but also a good understanding of the health plan business. You will be responsible ensure high level of data quality across the enterprise through the creation and management of sound data management processes. You will be responsible for establishing metadata and registries, standardizing data naming, establishing consistent data definitions, associated business rules and monitoring overall data quality. You will sponsor the evaluation and selection of all infrastructure components (such as software) for data management systems. Sound knowledge of data reporting requirements and metrics across the Health Plan business will be a plus. You must have extensive data warehouse experience, ETL experience and experience in working with various front end reporting tools. We use Enterprise Data Warehouse and QlikView for creating our front end reports. Experience in these tools will be a plus. Will also be a plus if you have big data analysis experience. Think you’ve got what it takes? Responsibilities Analyzes and coordinates designing of new & existing applications and architectures of Integrated Delivery System concerning compliance with regulatory agencies and the TCHP strategic plan Coordinates with business areas in the development, documentation and maintenance of all data definitions for data warehouse, business intelligence tools, and clinical integration and quality reporting. Ensures that Data Governance program is aligned with the organization’s goals. Provides Leadership with measures on the effectiveness of data governance and data quality. Conducts research and makes recommendations on products, tools, services, protocols, and standards that will support the data management strategy. Creates and implements a data management strategy for achieving and maintaining high data quality Leads the effort to promote the prioritization of projects and resources; provides needed information to the corporate project portfolio management process. Controls system operations by finding and correcting errors in the system Identifies and recommend tools and technologies using best practices/industry standards to support strategic direction and to assist in deploying appropriately business initiatives Leads the architectural design, development, deployment, and technical quality of large enterprise solutions that span multiple technologies and disciplines Works collaboratively with the system architects to develop methods for synchronizing data entering company systems from multiple points Leads complex technical data warehouse discussions on modeling, integration and overall technology solutions and design Administers program and system tests Develops system documentation Ensures that new systems and/or applications adhere to existing data management practices, policies, and procedures. Qualifications High school or GED Ten (10) years major system design & implementation experience EXPERIENCE OFFSETS: Bachelor’s degree will substitute four (4) years of work experience. Master’s degree will substitute for two (2) years of work experience CLINICAL EXPERIENCE: Up to two (2) years of clinical patient care and/or clinical research experience may substitute for up to two (2) years of information systems experience on a month to month basis Ability to demonstrate logic, analytical and effective verbal and written communication skills Knowledge at expert level of current application and system development techniques - DATABASES, REPORTS, T-SQL, and SSIS Company Profile Founded in 1996, Texas Children’s Health Plan is the nation's first health maintenance organization (HMO) created just for children. We provide STAR/Medicaid and Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) to pregnant women, teens, children and adults in Houston and surrounding areas. Currently, the Health Plan has more than 375,000 members who receive care from our network of more than 1,100 primary care physicians, 3,200 specialists, and 70 hospitals. Texas Children's Health Plan is also the largest combined STAR/CHIP Managed Care Organization in the Harris County service area. To join our community of 13,000 dedicated team members, visit texaschildrenspeople.org for career opportunities. You can also learn more about our amazing culture at infinitepassion.org.