With the Healthcare industry entering an unprecedented growth period, there has never been a greater demand for talent and resources. As a business service provider in the healthcare space, Barton Associates is primed for significant growth in the coming years, and we’re looking for talented people to join our team and grow along with us. That’s where you come in! The Data Quality Analyst Intern will be responsible for driving business improvement through the integrity of our data. Reporting to the Director of Data Strategy & Analytics, you will partner with IT, Application Developers, Business Users, and Management to ensure production data hygiene & recommend solutions to data deficiencies. Utilizing data profiling & root cause analysis you will identify data irregularities, lead remediation efforts, and provide recommendations on data management best practices. A successful applicant will have a natural curiosity about data & systems, enjoy solving complex challenges, and love all things data. Responsibilities Perform data profiling & root cause analysis on system data. Assist with master data management (MDM). Create physical data flow diagrams (DFD) for transactional systems. Investigate, recommend, and implement practices to enhance & add value to existing datasets. Ensure data hygiene & best practices are maintained on an ongoing basis. Other special projects as needed. Qualifications Strong communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills. Analytical troubleshooting skills and the ability to ‘think outside the box’. Must be able to work independently as well as part of cross-functional teams. Experience with Structured Query Language (SQL). Strong data manipulation skills, including Microsoft Excel. ETL & Data Warehousing experience is a plus. Current enrollment in a bachelor’s degree program in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Analytics, Business Administration, or similar required. Company Overview Barton Associates specializes in providing the healthcare industry with best- in-class staffing ( _Locum Tenens_ ) services throughout the United States. Since its inception, Barton has prided itself on building exceptional relationships with both its clients and providers, all of which originates from their world-class training program and strong commitment to their employees. _Locum tenens_ , a latin term meaning “holding the place,” is a $3.5 billion industry that is projected to reach $6.2, billion in the next 5 years. As our industry continues its rapid growth path, Barton Associates is poised to grow along with it. In 2001, Barton Associates was founded in a small office in Massachusetts’ North Shore. Since then, the company has grown to over 600 employees in 8 offices across 6 states (Massachusetts, Florida, Connecticut, Texas, New Hampshire, and Arizona) with more on the horizon. APPLY FOR THIS JOB ONLINE EMAIL THIS JOB TO A FRIEND Share on your newsfeed Need help finding the right job? We can recommend jobs specifically for you! CLICK HERE TO GET STARTED.