While it is important you understand the job responsibilities for this position, it is equally important you understand the values critical to your being successful here. We expect our colleagues to embrace and demonstrate the following values: Serve Others: We are in the business of making our customers lives easier every chance we get. Be generous and selfless. Own Your Work: Give more than what’s expected. Set high standards, embrace accountability and care deeply. Have relentlessly high standards and never accept less than the best. Invent Something: Make things happen. Be curious, adventurous and open minded. Take the initiative to improve whatever you touch. Dream it, then do it. Never Give Up: Act fast and with fearless determination. Obstacles never get in the way of saving the day. Be an All-Star: Don’t just be a player. Raise the bar. Inspire, motivate, mentor and make an impact. Be a force of good and a source of fun. Job Summary : Provide support to any and all product based sensory and consumer research as it pertains to New Product Development as well as R &D;/Innovation, Quality Assurance/Purchasing, or other IHI entities as needed. The Sensory Technician is responsible for the preparation and execution of focus groups, sensory analyses, and consumer surveys as needed. Also responsible for helping to assure that appropriate standard sensory procedures are being followed. This position helps with kitchen maintenance as needed. This position operates with general guidance from supervision and has access to proprietary and confidential information. Key Responsibilities: 1.Support the LCE QDA program by scheduling sessions, assisting with training and panel expansion when needed, preparing reference samples and test products, setting up sessions, and processing data sheets at minimum of once per week. Includes: a.Test set-up and execution b.Conducting surveys c.Data entry and analysis 2.Communicates QDA program information to the Sensory Manager and other appropriate department colleagues. 3.Collaborates with the product developer/project leader and works with cross functional team members to implement and execute appropriate test plans and methodologies for sensory testing and/or consumer research. 4.Assist with market test and national launch follow up via store visits, consumer intercepts, and secret shopping programs. Including but not limited to surveys with store personnel, consumer acceptance, and consumer surveys where appropriate. 5.Document all work according to established procedures and guidelines and prepare various project reports to project personnel, cross functional team members and project leader to ensure complete communication of project status, progress, issues, solutions, time lines and accountability. 6.Provide Intermittent contact with the product developer/project leader, other department colleagues, cross functional team members, distribution centers, franchisees and/or company stores to give service and obtain or give information regarding the project. 7.Prepare technical reports, documentation, feedback, and results of an operational test for handing over the project to the Marketing Department. Assist Marketing Department for a smooth transition to the next phase of the project. 8.Provide assistance with the test kitchen maintenance, food orders, cleaning and organization as needed. Supplemental Job Functions: 1.Prepare food needs (dough, sauce, etc.) to be used in conjunction with the development of food and packaging items. 2.Calibrate and maintain operational status of R &D;/Innovation instruments. 3.Maintain records and reconcile expense receipts and purchase orders for R&D;/Innovation kitchens. Minimum Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: 1.Associates’ degree in Food Science or related field. Equivalent experience, with technical reporting documentation and experience, may be considered in lieu of formal education 2.Minimum of three (3) years’ of applicable experience in Sensory Research with one (1) to two (2) years’ with operational or customer service experience. 3.Evidence of effective verbal and written communication skills with the ability to translate technical information to a variety of audiences (i.e.: focus groups, external vendors, etc.). 4.Proven organization and time management skills, prioritizing multiple, concurrent tests and projects. 5.Evidence of mathematical competency, including working knowledge of algebra, geometry, and statistics. 6.Ability to comprehend technical articles, research papers, or presentation and apply technical learned knowledge to work. 7.Computer proficiency including Microsoft Office with advanced skills in Excel and the ability to create and work with spreadsheets. 8.Evidence of ability to work independently with minimal supervision, completing projects to meet assigned deadlines. 9.Proven analytical, reasoning and problem solving skills appropriate to position. 10.Demonstrated creativity, motivation and a passion for research and development. 11.Maintain a high degree of integrity and to be a strong contributor to the team. 12.Other duties and projects as assigned. Preferred Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: 1.Strong knowledge and proficiency in statistics, especially as it relates to sensory science. 2.Working knowledge of Excel, SENPAQ, XLSTAT, SAS, JMP, and/or Sims Sensory Software. 3.Knowledge and established relationships with internal and external resources and ability to utilize internal and outside resources needed to complete tasks Working Conditions: 1.Majority of the day is spent in an office/test kitchen environment, with occasional exposure to 35-40 degree temperatures. 2.Some work will be conducted at a store where there will be exposure to hot or cold temperatures and baking and hot holding equipment. Position requires up to 30% travel by various means of transportation as well as adherence to the corporate travel policy.