Who we are: We're a merry band of ridiculously hard-working folks of all disciplines who have scratched and climbed and thunk our way to doing the best work coming out of Seattle for clients all over the globe. Besides being generally asshole- free, we are a place that embraces the bold and fights for great ideas above all else. And we’re part of a global network of agencies who are fighting the same fight in Russian, Mandarin, and London-ese. Check out our work. Stalk us a bit on social. Ask someone you know about our friendly dogs and friendlier bar. Join us in believing in great. Who we are looking for: POSSIBLE is looking for an Operations Coordinator to join our Resourcing team! In this role, you will supporting time tracking, contractor setup, data entry, invoice processing and other operational support. You should be a master organizer and highly detail oriented. You'll have a passion for motivating and collaborating with others and a desire to learn and implement technical tools efficiently. Your role will support the Resource Manager and the Operations team. This is a contract opportunity in our Seattle office. What you’ll do: Track missing timesheets & pull timesheet reports. Manage contractor timesheet entry. Process contractor invoices and expenses. Point for troubleshooting/questions regarding our time & expense tool. Completing updates in our resourcing forecasting sheet (tracking vacation, holidays, training, etc.). Process employee changes in relevant systems including new hire setup and term employee. Maintain information and assist with contractor recruitment in candidate tracking system. Conduct office tours for new contractors. Manage office seating chart. Assist with various projects on the Operations team as needed. What you’ll need: 2+ years of experience working in a customer service or administrative role. Proficient in Outlook and moderate skills in Excel & Word. Ability to manage a very active inbox and respond to emails in a professional and timely manner. Attention to detail and amazing organization skills. Initiative to troubleshoot problems and find solutions on your own. Ability to switch gears quickly and handle multiple priorities in a faced-paced environment. Handle sensitive and confidential information appropriately. About POSSIBLE: POSSIBLE is a creative agency that cares about results. We back up every idea with real-world insights to create work that makes a difference—and makes a measurable impact. With more than 1,500 employees around the globe, POSSIBLE brings results-driven digital solutions to some of the world’s most dynamic brands, including Microsoft, AT &T;, Nestle, P&G;, Adidas, and Turner. By design, we are visionaries, innovators, and pioneers. If that describes you too, then by all means, get in touch—we’d love to work with you. POSSIBLE is a WPP Digital agency. Follow POSSIBLE on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/1915024 ( https://www.linkedin.com/company/1915024 ) Twitter: https://twitter.com/POSSIBLE ( https://twitter.com/POSSIBLE ) Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/POSSIBLE.com ( https://www.facebook.com/POSSIBLE.com ) We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing personal information under the GDPR for purposes of recruitment and applications for employment.