Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. The Opportunity Encompass is a growing, $1B+ business that is part of the Allstate Corporation. Encompass sells and services personal insurance products exclusively through independent agencies. It has never been more exciting at Encompass than it is today. With Encompass’ growth and exciting opportunities, the Encompass Technology Organization is also growing. The Encompass Technology Organization celebrates strategic thinking and leadership, creative problems solving, full engagement, and working together to serve our agents and policyholders, particular in their times of greatest need. Our fast-paced environment embraces innovative thinking, continuous learning, and collaboration. We are a high-performance organization that believes in celebrating our employees’ efforts with a pay-for-performance approach, a competitive compensation package as well as opportunities for personal and professional growth. At Encompass, we understand that when our employees are at their best, so are we. That’s why we offer a variety of development and well-being programs to encourage and empower our employees. We are committed to helping each employee work and live to his or her full potential. As part of the growth of the Encompass Technology Organization and to maintain our place at the forefront of the technological landscape, Encompass needs to hire the best and the brightest talent – is that you? Job Summary The Business Analyst (BA) participates in the analysis and design efforts for projects and business processes of moderate to high complexity; Establishes a common understanding of the business environment in which a complex project or solution must be defined, designed, created, deployed, used, and supported. This role guides and manages interactions with technology vendors, being able to perform enterprise and project-level business analysis that produces consistent, accurate, and complete requirements that enhances independent agency experience with Encompass. This position acts as a lead and contact for the team and technology solution providers for all aspects of needs analysis, solution identification, and vendor integration. In support of the multiple technology vendors and business areas, the BA tailors business partner and vendor engagement to influence decision making and optimize requirements prioritization. Must be able to build long-term relationships between multiple business partners to drive engagement in strategy. Key Responsibilities Provides expertise for multiple areas of the business through analysis and understanding of business needs; applies a broad knowledge of programs, policies, and procedures in a business area or technical field Provides business knowledge and support for resolving technology issues across multiple areas of the business Manages interdependencies across multiple projects and external vended solutions to minimize post implementation fixes. Uses appropriate tools and techniques to elicit and define requirements that address more complex business processes or projects of moderate to high complexity. Analyzes requirements and create or contribute to functional designs, leveraging more advanced technical skills; Assist with design application prototypes Assists with project initiation or planning for projects of moderate complexity. Plans, develops and leads requirement gathering sessions. Consults on the functional test plans and conditions for assigned applications or projects of moderate complexity; ensure that the test plans cover the testing of all defined functional requirements; supports data analysis and validation from functional tests Participates in design reviews, application design impacts between concurrent releases, and technical walk-throughs Coaches and leads other Business Analysts. Provides informal training to junior members on the team. Executes change control process to manage changes to base lined deliverables and scope for projects of moderate to high complexity Leads information gathering sessions Creates complex technical requirements through analyzing business and functional requirements _Foster and promote a working relationship with external Vendors for Comparative Raters and Agency Management Systems._ Be the primary contact for such vendors to coordinate changes on either side while working closely with the Project Manager, Application Developers, other Business Analysts, Testers and Business Product Owner. Job Qualifications Education: College degree or equivalent experience; Post-secondary degree in management / technology or related field or a combination of related experience and education a plus; 5+ years working in insurance, project management, and/or technology preferred Experienced in writing technical requirements Extensive experience working with project team following an agile scrum a must; exposure / experience to Waterfall software development lifecycle a plus. Advanced insurance industry / business knowledge Proven ability to be flexible and work hard, both independently and in a team environment with changing priorities Willingness to work outside of normal business hours Excellent English oral / written communication skills _Prior experience working with Insurance Comparative Rater and Agency Management System Vendors a plus_. The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.