Overview Fairview Health Services is looking for a Lead Reporting and Analytics Developer for our corporate IT office in Minneapolis, MN. This is a full-time position working day hours, Monday thru Friday. Our Information Technology services include over 500 employees who work to proactively support the growth of the Fairview network, applications and infrastructure, while also partnering with end-users to ensure patient care quality and safety. The Lead Reporting and Analytics Developer role is responsible to build design, develop, and maintain reports and queries for a multi-tier, high-end business application. This position will work with customers and internal subject matter experts to design reporting specifications. This position will be responsible for data consolidation, data analysis and management reporting. This role is key in leading initiatives providing reporting and visualization into system and level clinical and financial performance. Creates reports based on requirements submitted by various departments within Fairview. Identify issues and opportunities to enhance data management and reporting, and is responsible for both detailed and high-level problem solving, data analysis, data extraction and reporting. Responsibilities/Job Description Leads initiatives to various types reporting and analytic output through SAP BI suite tools (Business Objects) as requested to support the business; Crystal report development and/or SQL coding are foundational technologies critical to successful information delivery. Role will include the use of advanced analytic and visualization tools and methods Mentors Health Information Report Writers and Customer Power Users in the principles and technologies used by the Data Reporting and Analytics organization to support team member proficiency and development. Accountable to chief medical officers, nurses, physicians, and leadership to create operational analytic reports using electronic medical record data and other source systems. Work directly with the Health Information Data Analyst, Data Modelers and/or ETL Developers to create data driven reporting that is meaningful and actionable for the Fairview enterprise, and affiliated networks. Captures, cleanses, and transforms data to provide insight and actionable recommendations. Creates and leads enterprise level initiatives to produce written narrative summaries that outline project purpose, methodology, summary of findings, trends of interest, and opportunities for consideration. Leads efforts to introduce new technical and analytical tools and provide business guidance to other team members and other departments with Fairview Displays original thinking and creativity; Meets challenges with resourcefulness; Generates suggestions for improving work; Develops innovative approaches and ideas; Presents ideas and information in a manner that gets others' attention. Qualifications Required Qualifications Bachelor's Degree or certification of associate degree in related field, or equivalent work experience is required 7 to 10 years of experience in healthcare data analysis and/or report writing Preferred Qualifications Master’s Degree in a Clinical field, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or other quantitative discipline Other Required Skills Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and quality Excellent technical and interpersonal communication skills Strong organizational and time management skills Ability to effectively manage and organize multiple projects and responsibilities. SQL(PL/SQL or T-SQL) and Crystal report programming experience is required. Strong quantitative and analytic skills. Ability to think creatively and work collaboratively to address problems. Ability to write and present reports and presentations. Experience with reporting Systems Development Lifecycle (SDLC) within an enterprise Electronic Health Record