Overview: Aramark (NYSE: ARMK) proudly serves Fortune 500 companies, world champion sports teams, state-of-the-art healthcare providers, the world’s leading educational institutions, iconic destinations and cultural attractions, and numerous municipalities in 19 countries around the world. Our 270,000 team members deliver experiences that enrich and nourish millions of lives every day through innovative services in food, facilities management and uniforms. We operate our business with social responsibility, focusing on initiatives that support our diverse workforce, advance consumer health and wellness, protect our environment, and strengthen our communities. Aramark is recognized as one of the World’s Most Admired Companies by FORTUNE, as well as an employer of choice by the Human Rights Campaign and DiversityInc. Learn more at www.aramark.com or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter. Description: As a Resident District Manager you will provide overall vision, planning, direction, and control to assigned units for a defined account. This key leadership role is accountable for execution of our General Management program, with a focus on growth, cost and productivity, leading people and delivering financial commitments. Key success measures include Revenue Growth, EBIT, Margin, Consumer Satisfaction, Client Loyalty and Employee Engagement. Leadership \- Overall ownership and accountability of operational management and financial performance of multiple accounts and units. Model key leadership behaviors and ensure the highest levels of safety, quality and service excellence for employees, clients, and consumers. Coach employees by creating a shared understanding about what needs to be achieved and how it is to be achieved. Reward and recognize employees. Identify and engage top talent and develop team members to their fullest potential within the organization. Plan and lead team management meetings. Ensure safety and sanitation standards in all operations. Client Relationship \- Establish and maintain effective client and customer rapport for a mutually beneficial business relationship. Identify client needs and communicate operational progress. Facilitate and support new business and retention activities. Ensure unit managers execute customer satisfaction surveys in all locations. Financial Performance \- Build revenue and manage budget which includes cost controls with regard to food, beverage and labor. Ensure the completion and maintenance of P &L; statements for the district. Oversight and responsibility to deliver client and company financial targets. Ensure adoption of all Aramark processes and systems, eliminate custom/manual reports. Understand performance metrics, data, order and inventory trends; educate teams on key levers to improve margins. Productivity – Lead managers in implementing and maintaining corporate management agenda for both labor and food initiatives. Ensure value through efficient operations, appropriate cost controls, and profit management. Ensure consistent application of Aramark’s operating standards and processes (Operational Excellence) with particular focus on efficiencies in food and labor productivity standards. Understand end to end supply chain and procurement process and systems; ensure only authorized suppliers are used. Compliance – Ensure unit managers maintain a safe and healthy environment for clients, customers and employees. Comply with all applicable policies, rules and regulations, including but not limited to those relating to safety, health, and wage and hour. Qualifications: We are seeking a candidate with a demonstrated rapid career progression and 5+ years management experience in a multi-unit role. Total managed volume of 10 million dollars or more, and P/ L management experience in the hospitality industry is desired. Contract-managed, restaurant, or retail service experience is desirable. Critical to your success and the success of your area, the ideal candidate will possess: A high energy level that is communicated to the team they will lead. A proven track record of growing accounts. Highly developed interpersonal, analytical and communication (written and verbal) skills. The ability to manage in a diverse environment with focus on client and customer services. The ability to develop your team members to their full potential. A Bachelor’s Degree or higher is required for this position. Aramark is an EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION employer – Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran