If you are excited by the chance to solve challenging problems, work with interesting people, and be on the leading edge of a technology revolution, our team may be the perfect place for you. We are now looking for a Professional Services Deep Learning Consultant to join our team of dedicated deep learning practitioners and engineers and assist our customers in the adoption of deep learning. What you’ll do: You'll drive deep learning adoption on NVIDIA platforms through a variety of customer facing projects with a strong mentoring component. You will be the go to expert for data issues, network selection, network training, and deploying trained systems. You'll be teaching hands on Deep Learning courses and leading workshops for customers and partners. You'll collaborate with selected partner organizations to enable and expand their ability to deliver deep learning consulting services on our platforms. What we need to see: You have at least a BS in mathematics, computer science, or engineering or 7+ year of experience in the HPC field. You have prior experience in a customer facing consulting role. You bring a working knowledge of data science, deep learning and GPU acceleration. Demonstrated history of delivering projects with Python and C/C++ under Linux. Ways to stand out from the crowd: We prefer a MS or Ph.D in a computational or mathematical field. We value prior consulting sales experience. Prior experience as a pre-sales engineer or architect is a plus. You have demonstrated the ability to work in a distributed team. Your past industry experience is in finance, health care, biomedical science or retail data analytics. You have delivered projects in multiple DL frameworks. You are experienced with Spark or Hadoop data science ecosystem tools. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people on the planet working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! We welcome teammates in the following locations: SF Bay, Los Angeles, Chicago, New York, Washington DC. deeplearning NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.