Manufacturing Technician About Potrero Medical Potrero Medical is an exciting, high momentum, startup located in the San Francisco Bay Area. Our medical device, the Accuryn Monitoring System, received 510(k) clearance from the FDA in 2016 and helps hospitals accurately measure patients’ vital signs such as urine output, body core temperature, and intra-abdominal pressure. It is an exciting time for our company as Potrero Medical recently closed on $26.6 Million in oversubscribed Series C financing. At Potrero Medical, we bring together world-class experts to develop the next generation of smart sensors and artificial intelligence. Our goal is to advance Potrero's mission in Predictive Health and continue to provide accurate real time monitoring of patients’ vital signs. The team will need you to accomplish goals while being responsive, flexible, and able to succeed within an open environment built on a culture of teamwork and collaboration. Major Duties And Responsibilities Use electronics tools (pliers, screwdrivers, wrenches, cutters, soldering irons, etc.) to build/repair a variety of electronic devices. Use electronic equipment (oscilloscope, volt ohm meters, frequency counters, etc.) to troubleshoot, analyze electronic circuits and correct problems. Disassemble, repair and assemble Electronics Products. Proficient at performing solder rework at a high level - experience with surface mount components. Able to demonstrate a strong background in digital and analog electronics. Adept at troubleshooting circuit boards and wire harnesses utilizing schematics, connections, wiring diagrams and test equipment including multimeters and oscilloscopes. Capable of setting up and running functional testing on both PCBA's and system components. Establish cost estimates that may include purchased components, manufactured parts and assemblies and labor time requirements. Meet or exceed typical expectations for creativity, productivity, quality of work, and safety. Comfortable with computers both MSOffice applications (Excel, Word) and test programs (Labview, Hyperterm) - networking experience a plus. Tests, troubleshoots and repairs products that are sent in for repair. This includes diagnosis, parts sourcing, estimate creation, repair documentation, and various other processes and interactions with Engineers, Product Support and manufacturing. Education Requirements Associate's degree in Electronic Technology, Electronic Engineering Technology, or equivalent formal education beyond high school, or equivalent experience. Experience Requirements This position requires previous work experience in electronics and/or electro- mechanical assemblies. Have appropriate experience building, testing, and troubleshooting electronic assemblies and fixtures. Other Qualifications Strong work-ethic and the flexibility to work in a dynamic environment. Ability to read/understand technical drawings, manuals, and reports. Experience self-checking work to quality standards. Have a good work record of self-motivation, judgment, and productivity. Proficiency in reading schematics and related engineering information. Have effective communication skills and work well with others. Be willing to work overtime or extra hours as needed. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.