Are you a fun, energetic person? Do you have that the drive to excel? If you are motivated, energetic, and passionate about working with people in the fitness industry then a career as a Fitness Counselor may be just the fit for you. Our Fitness Counselors will actively pursue enrollment of new members through self-generated and company-sponsored programs, promotions and referrals. In this fast-paced, energy driven position, you will find success by supporting potential members in fulfilling their fitness goals. Your lively sales approach and magnetic personality will ensure that new members pursue their goals. Department: Sales Department Purpose: Generate Business by understanding people and connecting them to fitness and our fitness services. Essential Purpose: Fight hard to win to build and maintain relationships while providing an ongoing connection to fitness and our fitness services to grow our EōS Family. Other Responsibilities: Member engagement Building and equipment maintenance and safety Accountabilities: Membership Sales (Club and Individual - including services, products, programs) Membership Billing Customer Service (friendly, clean, helpful, problem resolution) Information Hub (product knowledge, programs, events etc.) Requirements for Success: Fight hard to win. Takes ownership of results. Adapts well and quickly to various situations. Communicates well with members and teammates with a customer service mentality. Team player and be willing to jump into any task and get it done. Possess strong mathematical, analytical and sales skills. Must be extremely organized. Able to work independently, multi-task in a fast pace and demanding work environment. Strong attention to detail while producing accurate and high quality work. Available to work weekdays, weekends, holidays, mornings, early-mornings, afternoons, evenings and late-night shifts. Comfortable with a computer/technology, ability to quickly shift focus, phone etiquette, and good at math. Position Type Variable Hour