Looking for Senior Application Developer within FX/Commodities Tech downstream regulator feeds. The Senior Application Developer will work very closely with the Regulatory and Ops business, Desk aligned AD, Middle Office, QR(Quantitative Research) to build feeds and migration projects and also . Responsibilities will include design, development, code review, interfacing with VCG users and mentoring junior developers. The Senior Application Developer is expected to be highly proficient in Java or Python and will be required to work closely with Desk aligned AD and production management teams and on the Athena Platform to deliver business aligned regulatory and non-regulatory reports and downstream feed The role is located in Houston. In addition to responsibilities as the Commodities/FX tech Senior Application Developer, the role will also liaise with London and Asia based business and technology counterparts during the requirements as well as UAT/PROD/Post-Production phases of the projects. Key Requirements of the Role: 1\. Strong Python or java or C++ skills, in addition to development using agile techniques, test-driven development, and Object Oriented programming concepts. 2\. Follow appropriate design standards, methods and tools and ensure they are applied effectively. 3\. Ensures that appropriate standards (corporate, industry, national and international) are adhered to. As a strong communicator work as part of a global team Develop a good understanding of End to End business processes and the associated technical blocks. Working with production support teams to ensure smooth transition of software developed. Willingness to take ownership of tasks and the ability to work on their own initiative while being a strong team player. Understand the technical environment and look to continually promote increased knowledge in the team. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, able to communicate accurately, concisely and with tact and diplomacy when appropriate. Be conscientious, reliable and inquisitive with a keen desire to learn, not just gain the knowledge necessary for the job but also the underlying reasons and drivers. The ability to work under pressure within agreed timelines and to support multiple tasks in parallel. The candidate will be expected to continually look at improving the processes and procedures in the development life cycle and challenge areas that they see inefficient. Qualifications Polyglot - proficient in one or more languages like Java, C++ or python. preferably Python/ Good understanding of Object Oriented programming concepts Solid grounding in agile developments practices and test-driven development. Experience in Object Oriented Databases and replication Front-office/risk management business knowledge would be a definite plus Good years in the industry preferably within Investment Banking Knowledge of financial instrument features and trade processing Full SDLC experience Degree graduate, specialized training, and / or equivalent work experience Polyglot developer who has worked in one or more programming language with proficiency in multi-threading/multi-processing and object databases, UI programming concepts Good communication and management skills to lead projects independently. Our Corporate & Investment Bank relies on innovators like you to build and maintain the technology that helps us safely service the world’s important corporations, governments and institutions. You’ll develop solutions for a bank entrusted with holding $18 trillion of assets and $393 billion in deposits. CIB provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk, and extends liquidity in markets spanning over 100 countries around the world. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. _@2017 JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran_