Job Description Starcom Ad Tech Chicago is the heart of digital advertising here at 35 West Wacker, and the team is expanding like crazy (not from the free cereal and free beer). Ad Tech continues to grow because we are experts in the art of trafficking digital ad campaigns, skilled at fighting ad fraud, and outstanding optimizers. We need more people like us - who love tech, are intellectually curious, can work well with others and on their own, and prefer proactive over reactive. As the Human Experience Company, we are a global media agency that believes in the alchemy of people and technology to create experiences people love and actions brands need. It’s in our DNA. We’re powered by the strength of our innovative, driven and intelligent people who are deeply passionate about achieving best-in-class results on behalf of our clients – some of the world’s leading marketers. We value you and the work you do. We work hard, but also enjoy scores of perks rooted in our legacy of having one of the strongest agency cultures. Our top- notch health insurance plans and very generous paid time off allow you much- needed time to recharge and achieve the work-life balance you need to bring your absolute best self to work. If you’re an ambitious goal-setter who’s obsessed with the art and science of data, technology and innovation, we want you! Why you want to work for us: Our teams are expanding like crazy, and we want you to join us if you are passionate about connecting brands and people. Joining Starcom automatically means that you are a key member of a team who drives and advocates for the global reputation and differentiation of the Starcom brand through a clear and consistent story, spanning communications and brand marketing platforms. What you’ll do: In Corporate Speak: Flawlessly execute digital campaigns using a variety of ad servers, DSPs, DMPs, and VVF tech In Ad Tech Talk: Be on the front lines of the digital advertising universe and help solve some of the toughest industry problems our clients face Support the Associate Director and Manager on campaign execution and process documents Interface regularly with partners; resolve issues that arise including reporting discrepancies, creative policing, trafficking requirements Troubleshoot internal and external ad server system issues Point of escalation for global Ad tech queries between Chicago and Mumbai office Work side-by-side with the media and creative teams to activate digital campaigns (display, video, social, mobile, and programmatic) Manage campaign launches and ad technology integrations (we’ll show you how we do it here) Handle all aspects of the trafficking process, including connecting placements to creatives, setting up consistent configurations, and collecting clean data Share your expertise with the media team on ways to work faster and smarter, to prevent errors, to build process, to create a bomb-proof QA checklist. Become a Subject Matter Expert on any number of technologies; keep yourself and the team up to date on the ever-evolving media landscape. We may even ask you to write a POV if you really know your stuff What you’re like: In a word: organized. Highly detail oriented, good with time management, obsessed with accuracy, a strong critical thinker, and able to juggle multiple tasks (if you can juggle oranges, too, we’ll be impressed) Good at building relationships – a creative problem solver, a customer service expert, a great team player A good communicator – able to write clearly, speak professionally, and translate complex technical concepts to a non-technical audience Excited by the idea to work in new technology and eager to take on the challenges of a constantly changing industry