HelloFresh Adventures Since the digitization of the grocery and meal delivery industry, HelloFresh has been at the forefront of revolutionizing the way we eat by making it more convenient and exciting to whip up mouthwatering meals from home! Over the past 5 years, we’ve seen this mission spread beyond even our wildest dreams. So, how did we do it?? Our locally sourced ingredients and exciting recipes inspire your inner chef and cultivate your culinary skills! We’re a group of fiercely passionate foodies on a mission to shake up the food world and change the way people eat...forever! Come see what’s cookin’ at HelloFresh! Hello Quality, HelloFRESH! As Associate Quality Manager, you will have a direct hand in ensuring ingredients of the highest quality are dished out to our customers! You will be in the trenches helping to build and maintain Food Safety Quality standards by approving incoming materials, in-process production, and finished products while recording quality results. You will... Partner with the Quality Manager to oversee Quality, effectively motivating, engaging, and leading a team of Supervisors, Leads, and Associates Ensure adherence to OSHA, GMP, SQF, food safety and facility compliance while meeting operational goals and continuously driving improvements Develop and/or adapt inspection equipment to meet quality control standards, make suggestions to procedures, standards and equipment to facilitate work and maintain product quality Compile and maintain inspection reports and records Investigate and determine cause of faulty work; consult and advise other departments as to corrective measures. Work closely with Purchasing to ensure adequate quantities and ingredient quality meets expectations Maintain discipline, morale and harmonious relations among Quality team Effectively recommend as to hiring, promotions, wage adjustments and terminations. Create a positive team dynamic that encourages all employees in the facility to provide feedback and drive change from within, adapt to the ever-changing business, and stay focused on the customer experience You are… Foodie: you have a strong appreciation for flavor, a knack for sourcing fresh ingredients, and an eye for quality Bold: you have an entrepreneurial spirit and are a passionate leader that listens to your team and values their ideas Analytical: numbers are your friend; you translate numbers/data into action and pave the way for efficiency Agile: proven ability to adapt quickly and deliver results in a fast-paced environment; you don’t get overwhelmed easily and thrive with autonomy Results-driven: natural problem solver with excellent prioritization skills and a focus on quality Customer-focused: you understand the importance of highly satisfied customers and are committed to delivering a product and experience that is second to none You have... Bachelor’s degree strongly preferred; high school diploma or GED required 3+ years managing food safety/quality within a production-based, manufacturing environment Versed in food safety programs and procedures - GFSI/SQF, HACCP, GMPs, auditing, sanitation, etc. Strong performance management and demonstrated success in motivating, engaging, coaching, and developing teams of 20+ employees Knowledgeable in Lean manufacturing principles a plus Excellent time management; tracking, monitoring, and maintaining productivity Superior communication and presentation skills with ability to influence across all levels of an organization Proficiency in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Power Point) and Google app (Gmail, drive, sheets, etc.) Technical Capacity-recording information and tracking data on ingredient quality, food safety, product quantity, etc. Flexible to work nights, weekends and/or holidays (schedule will include weekends) We offer: Competitive salary + great benefits, team-building events, heavily discounted HelloFresh meals, and more! Our team is diverse, high-performing and international, helping us to create a truly inspiring work environment in which you will thrive! It is the policy of HelloFresh not to discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability or because he or she is a protected veteran.