Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Seattle, WA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA Developer Advocates for Google Cloud Platform (GCP) are experts who are passionate representatives of our technologies to our communities and vocal proponent of those communities back within Google. Our goal is to increase awareness, mindshare, and adoption of GCP. Advocates accomplish this by creating impactful and relevant content (blogs, presentations, demos, etc) and engaging with communities (developers, people doing data science, etc) online or at events. To drive feedback back into the product teams and improve our offerings, Advocates work closely with Product Managers and Software Engineering teams to help drive strategy around Developer Relations. You’ll help developers and architects understand how Google’s products can be used individually and together to support a wide range of legacy and “born in the cloud” workloads in a variety of enterprise and consumer areas. In this role, you'll focus on Data Analytics on Google Cloud Platform, covering products and technologies such as: BigQuery, Dataflow, Apache Spark/SparkML, Hadoop, and use cases/scenarios involving data warehousing, data processing, streaming, analytics, pipelines, and data science. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Create plans and initiatives that create momentum and drive the success of Google Cloud Platform through your knowledge of, and interactions with key third-party technical communities. Advocate for a specified community internally and influence Google Cloud product strategy and craft narratives around new products and features by working with Product Management, Engineering, PR, Marketing, Business Development and other cross-functional teams. Build and foster an external ‘community ecosystem’ of influencers, meetups, experts that amplify our messages and extend our reach. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a similar technical field or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of software engineering or development experience, with coding experience. Experience working with data analytics technologies and on-premise and cloud technologies data. Experience working directly with partners or third party developers, and advocating or mentoring for new and existing technologies and programming languages. Preferred qualifications: 7 years of software engineering or development experience, with coding experience. Experience as a Software Developer, Architect, Technical Advocate, Consultant, Community Manager, Product Manager, Chief Technical Officer, or Consultant working with various platforms. Relevant work experience speaking at technology conferences, blogging/writing technical articles with an existing follower base, or contributing to an open source project. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.