Customer Data Analyst Are you curious, creative and love data? If so, Logitech is currently seeking highly motivated Data / Financial Analyst to become part of a Collections team. The ideal candidate would be a self-starter with great interpersonal, organizational, and analytical skills, who is looking to contribute significantly to a strong and fast-paced group. Your Contribution: Move fast. Speak up. Decide and own. Drive change. Exceed customer needs. These are some of the winning behaviors you'll need for success at Logitech. In this role you will be responsible for: Develop and analyze comprehensive and detailed reports as the business continues to grow (i.e. building dashboards, tracking KPIs, etc.) Prepare trending, variance analysis, forecasts and performance reports that improve the quality of decision making. Perform daily collections duties for assigned customers, improve the aging by proactively investigating and collecting outstanding accounts receivables in a timely manner, and process credit requests as needed. Collaborate with internal and external teams on deliverables. Build strong relationships and foster teamwork within the department, overall finance, and business partners Complete ad hoc requests as they arise Key Qualifications: 2+ years of progressive development in Finance Expert in using MS excel to automate processes and create new models. Manage large amounts of financial data with the highest degree of accuracy; experience in building/maintaining/ improving financial models preferred. Ability to understand various systems and integrate/automate information extracted Detail-oriented and highly organized Customer driven with good oral and written communications skills and strong analytical, problem-solving and project management skills. Position requires routine interaction with directors, managers and staff across the organization as well as external interface. A passion for problem-solving, identifying trends and turning confusion into comprehension Bachelor degree in Finance, Accounting or Economics, or equivalent Logitech is the sweet spot for people who are passionate about products, making a mark, and having fun doing it. As a company, we’re small and flexible enough for every person to take initiative and make things happen. But we’re big enough in our portfolio, and reach, for those actions to have a global impact. That’s a pretty sweet spot to be in and we’re always striving to keep it that way. “All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.” If you require an accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at +1-510-713-4866 for assistance. LI-JM21