Job Description At Ford Motor Company, we are dedicated to designing, manufacturing and selling high quality vehicles that meet the diverse needs of our customers. We believe our employees and the different perspectives that they bring to the business are the driving force behind our success. Come discover a company that is focused on the quality of our vehicles, the environment, the community and the world in which we live. Position Duties: Ensure the delivery of quality products meeting engineering/legal specifications and customer acceptance standards Oversee the plant’s product confirmation process performing audits and inspections as required to ensure the process is performing to specification Analyze and manage internal and external quality data, guiding teams in achieving robust interim containment and permanent corrective actions for quality concerns Liaise with external suppliers and customers to deliver Zero Defects Knowledge of Control Plans and Failure Mode & Effects Analysis Apply engineering principles & analytical techniques to establish and continuously improve manufacturing processes and products Implement interim and permanent corrective actions to resolve quality issues using 8D tool, 6 panel, etc. Manage and direct statistical process control activities Knowledge of and ability to execute measurement systems analysis & variable data analysis Identify sources of variation within a production environment effectively and efficiently Establish and monitor quality target levels for each build Provide input for design and assembly concepts which will yield nominal variations Establish critical characteristics for gauging and measuring data collection methods Support expedited concern resolution with cross functional teams including the Quality Department, Production and Suppliers Review internal/external suppliers for critical characteristics process compatibility Review incoming quality concerns to maintain quality with assigned area; must have experience with initiating containment, determining root cause and implementing corrective actions Demonstrated experience in accomplishing tasks and objectives Proven problem solving ability Familiarity with Six Sigma principles Minimum Requirements: High School Diploma or GED 1+ years of experience in a Quality or Process Manufacturing Engineer experience 1+ years’ experience in Microsoft Office knowledge (Word/Excel/Outlook) Preferred Requirements Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering Previous automotive and quality analysis experience Green Belt experience preferred Experience with assembly, machining, joining, and testing Successful candidate should be able to demonstrate leadership in ONE FORD (leadership) behaviors combined with outstanding interpersonal, teambuilding, and communication skills The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.