The Central Texas Food Bank is working hard to close the hunger gap and we want you to join us! Our mission is “to nourish hungry people and lead the community in the fight against hunger”. We are accomplishing this not only with our amazing programming and fundraising events but by hiring motivated, mission-driven employees who have the drive to end hunger. The Central Texas Food Bank is looking for a dynamic USDA Commodities Specialist in our Operations Department. We are in need of an experienced USDA Commodities Specialist. The primary objective of this position is to provide a high level of customer service, administrative, clerical, and project management support for the USDA School Commodities Account. This includes, but is not limited to maintaining account relationships, correspondence, account billing, paper and electronic files to ensure timely and efficient administration. As a USDA Commodities Coordinator, your responsibilities are but not limited to Excellent written and verbal communication skills (both in person, via telephone and email communication). Demonstrated experience in dealing with difficult situations with a customer service oriented acumen. Must be highly organized, able to be precise and accurate in all data entry and be proficient in dealing with multiple situations at a time. Maintains and creates distribution and billing documents on a daily basis. Responsible for generating and tracking invoices on Texas Commodities website and Ceres system. Responsible for reconciling distribution documents in the Texas Commodity System. Responsible for attending recurring TDA software training. Responsible for maintaining constant communication with key kitchen personnel at CE sites. Demonstrated ability to drive a company vehicle to make product deliveries to CE sites when needed. Responsible for generating reports for storage, distribution and inbound commodity product (daily). Demonstrated ability to arrange and schedule school deliveries to schools in region 4. Acts as an ambassador of the CTFB when conducting business with participating schools, donors, potential donors, partner agencies and donation recipients. Oversee Ceres training to the Administrative Ops team Coordinate and assist with Ops cap-ex proposals documentation Cross train Ops administrative team Document revisions to operations processes Create USDA receiving sheets for schools and core Responsible for receiving USDA school commodities in Ceres As needed assist the warehouse manager with shipments and deliveries Additional duties as assigned by Supply Chain Management. You are a great candidate if you have Graduated from an accredited high school or equivalent plus six (6) months of experience in a related field. Possession of a current valid Texas driver's license; ability to provide proof of liability insurance (Minimum of $500,000 Coverage). Must be able to drive company vehicles in the execution of the essential functions of the position. Bonus points for this position Demonstrated knowledge of warehousing, inventory procedures and audits. Knowledge to organize and manage multiple projects, setting priorities and working independently under aggressive timelines with a strong attention to accuracy and detail. Excellent written and verbal communication skills (both in person, via telephone and email communication). Demonstrated knowledge of Microsoft Excel and Word Applications along with strong computer skills. Demonstrates good judgment and discretion under constrained timelines and external factors. Demonstrates the ability to work independently, manage time effectively and work cooperatively with other Food Bank staff and volunteers. Ability to represent the Food Bank in a professional manner under a variety of conditions. Demonstrated ability to manage time efficiently and to work independently with minimum supervision while utilizing good judgment and discretion. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS WITH OR WITHOUT REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION Ability to walk, stand, sit, kneel, push, stoop, reach above the shoulder, grasp, pull, bend repeatedly, identify colors, hear with aid, see, write, count, read, speak, analyze, alphabetize, repetitively lift and carry up to 25 lbs., perceive depth, and operate a motor vehicle. Conditions may include working inside, working around machines with moving parts and moving objects, working closely with others, working alone, working protracted or irregular hours, and traveling by company vehicle. Equipment (machines, tools, devices) used in performing only the essential functions include computer and related equipment, typewriter, calculator, copier, fax machine, telephone, and automobile.