Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Are you passionate about helping those around you be more effective? Do you have a background in running Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AML) at scale to improve performance, reliability, and efficiency? We are looking for candidates that share our passion for tackling complexity head-on, to optimize and help scale our AML Infrastructure. As a Technical Program Manager, you will play a key role within infrastructure engineering, driving huge projects that span the organization. Our team is comprised of varying levels of experience and backgrounds, from new grads to industry veterans. Facebook's infrastructure is constantly redefining what is possible, and we need Technical Program Managers who can do the same. RESPONSIBILITIES Manage cross-functional infrastructure software engineering programs in a matrix organization covering a range of areas Develop and manage end-to-end project plans and ensure on-time delivery Provide hands-on program management during analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, and post implementation phases Perform risk management and change management on projects Provide day-to-day coordination and quality assurance for projects and tasks Drive internal and external process improvements across multiple teams and functions Interface with Engineering and business owners for project requirements and scope Help drive product decisions to align with higher company initiatives MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent experience. 8+ years of Software engineering, Systems engineering or similar experience, in addition to 2+ years of project/program management experience. Experience in Infrastructure and performance work. Communication experience and experience working with technical management teams. Organizational, coordination and multi-tasking experience. Experience motivating and focusing a collaboration to reach goals. Interpersonal experience, including relationship building and collaboration within cross-functional team. Analytical and problem-solving experience, experience to large-scale systems and writing code. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Knowledge of Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence. Experience with Product and Program Management. Knowledge of large-scale distributed systems. Experience in configuration management tools. Knowledge of capacity, migration, and management. Experience in distributed performance tracing and critical path analysis. Experience with Disaster Recovery and business continuity.