Known for being a great place to work and build a career, KPMG provides audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today's most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It's also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it's no wonder we're consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you're as passionate about your future as we are, join our team. KPMG is currently seeking a Data Visualization Software Engineer to join our Advanced Data Analytics Organization. Responsibilities: Work in cross-disciplinary teams with KPMG industry experts, data scientists, and software engineers to gauge client needs for consuming analytics, understand user profiles, competencies, and priorities Utilize analytics to explore data, and identify key trends and insights from multi-faceted, and high-dimensional data, and work with data scientists to create diagnostic, predictive, and prescriptive insights Rapidly iterate, prototype, and implement visualizations that meet client visualization needs, considering composition, color, texture, and optimizing the depth and information density for the target user Utilize interactive drill-downs, movements, and highlights to add layers of insight and engage users to explore data Explore a variety of visualization methodologies, from Data Discovery, custom JavaScript methods (such as d3.js, raphael.js), and multichannel/mobile deployment Qualifications: Minimum of four years of professional Business Intelligence experience; including at least one year of hands-on work experience utilizing Microsoft Power BI to creating visuals, building dashboards and customizations to meet the needs of the end-user Bachelor's degree from an accredited college/university in Information Design, Interaction Design, User Experience, Human Computer Interaction, Informatics, Data Science, Computer Science or similar field Ability to perform data tasks, working with a variety of SQL, NoSQL, and HDFS data stores and preparing data for visualization Solid understanding of visual composition and visualizations; familiarity with ethnographic research preferred Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex/gender, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, physical or mental handicap unrelated to ability, pregnancy, veteran status, unfavorable discharge from military service, genetic information, personal appearance, family responsibility, matriculation or political affiliation, status with regard to public assistance, or other legally protected status. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192). No phone calls or agencies please.