We are a 100+ person team funded by top-tier firms, based in Santa Monica, CA with satellite offices in San Francisco. We are a low-key but tight-knit group of hard-working people working to fix America's broken healthcare system. Americans spend over $400 billion per year on prescriptions and too many people simply can't afford the medications they desperately need. Join GoodRx and help us solve meaningful problems that help us make people’s lives better every day. About the Role: GoodRx is looking for extremely smart and curious data engineers, who are deft at working with a wide variety of languages, such as Python and SQL, a variety of raw data formats, such as JSON and CSV, in a fast-paced and friendly environment. Previous work with Python-based ETL solutions, such as Luigi or Airflow, is a huge plus. Responsibilities: Manage data warehouse plans for product and marketing teams Work closely with product managers to understand the data needs of product and marketing Act as an internal expert in each of the data sources so that you can own overall data quality Design, build and deploy new data models and ETL pipelines into production Experience contributing to full life cycle deployments with a focus on testing and quality Define and manage overall schedule and availability of all data sets Work closely with other engineers to enhance infrastructure, improve reliability and efficiency Make smart engineering and product decisions based on data analysis and collaboration Act as in-house data expert and make recommendations regarding standards for code quality and timeliness Skills & Qualifications: Degree in Computer Science or a related field or a minimum of 3 year’s working as a Data Engineer 2+ years professional experience in the data warehouse space Expert Proficiency with Python and AWS Services (e.g. Redshift, S3) 2+ years’ experience in custom ETL design, implementation, and maintenance In-depth knowledge of how to write and optimize SQL statements. Deep familiarity with distributed processing (Map Reduce, MPP, etc.) 2+ years’ experience with schema design (logical and physical) Ability to quickly learn complex domains Innately curious and organized with the drive to analyze data to identify deliverables, anomalies, and gaps and propose solutions to address these findings Ability to manage and communicate data warehouse plans Thrives in a fast-paced startup environment About GoodRx GoodRx is America’s leading prescription price transparency platform. More than 8 million people use the GoodRx website and our mobile apps each month. GoodRx helps consumers save up to 80% on their medications by delivering prices and available discounts at nearly every pharmacy in the U.S. Thousands of physicians and employees use GoodRx, and its services have been positively reviewed by Good Morning America, the American Heart Association, The New York Times, ABC News, AARP, Forbes and many others.