Scientist, Applied Machine Learning & A rtificial Intelligence BI.18.004 Kaleido Biosciences is a clinical-stage biotechnology company engaged in the development of novel chemistries that unlock the power of the microbiome to revolutionize health. The Company has built the first R&D engine to systematically create, discover, and develop interventions that activate metabolic processes in the microbiome to treat disease and maintain health. Since its founding in 2015 by Flagship Venture Labs, Kaleido has advanced candidate products into clinical studies across programs for rare genetic diseases, oncology and infectious disease. The Company is also creating consumer products that optimize the microbiome's natural roles in promoting health. Overview : Kaleido is seeking an exceptional, highly-motivated, and creative data scientist / machine learning researcher to address cutting-edge challenges in a new and exciting field of microbiome biology that will lead to novel therapeutic treatments. This individual will help establish and advance our integrated data analytics and machine learning platform that will set new standards in the computational discovery of novel treatments. The goal is to combine machine learning, text-mining, and prior knowledge in medical ontologies to discover hidden trends, drive data driven decision making, and derive emergent knowledge. A desire to learn new tasks and enjoyment of sharing insights and expertise with colleagues are critical skills needed to build knowledge at the leading edge of science that will revolutionize how medicines are discovered. Summary of Key Responsibilities: Work at the intersection of biology, chemistry and clinical studies in cross-functional teams Combine data from different domains and use a variety of cutting-edge ML, AI and statistical methods to generate new scientific insights Work equally well individually and in a group Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of team members and stakeholders Effectively communicate concepts and ideas with scientists less familiar with data science Develop new ways to derive knowledge from heterogeneous data using novel ML techniques Qualifications: An advanced degree (a PhD) in computer science or mathematics with a clear focus on medically-related research data. Experience with relevant research applying modern machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques to biological and/or clinical data Experience using modern tools for ML and expertise in python and/or R Proven ability to apply statistical and machine learning techniques to analyze large unstructured data sets Experience in the use of medical metadata to annotate, index and analyze Big Data in biomedicine for enabling data-driven decision making Skilled in effective communication of complex data and methods to a non-expert. Effectively contributing to collaborative projects involving cross-disciplinary teams A solid understanding of statistical and mathematical approaches and principles. Predictive machine/deep learning, with a focus on techniques revealing actionable biological insight from feature use and predictive rules Proficiency using Amazon web services Kaleido Biosciences is an EEO employer committed to an exciting, diverse, and enriching work environment.