Job Information Job Summary: The CIBMTR Data Manager will perform a variety of data management duties of a complex and technical nature in support of clinical research studies conducted by principal investigators (PIs) for the clinical research program to ensure adherence to protocols and quality of information received. Maintain a close, collaborative working relationship with the PIs in your department to effectively manage research studies, with the department, with the administrative team, and the department staff. You will build and maintain effective relationships with key study personnel, clinical resources and colleagues throughout. Responsibilities: Maintaining on-going communications with Information Services and physicians and staff for data collection needs. Reviewing and abstracting the medical records for patients. Entering the clinical data into the REDCap database. Accessing patient demographic and clinical information from the clinical systems. Entering information into the database. Reviewing data for quality and completeness using reporting software. Assist principal investigators and staff in the creation of data reports for quality assurance measures. Reviewing and abstracting the medical records for patients and the monitoring of patient status pre- and post- transplant. Responsible for maintaining long-term outcomes data and locating past transplant patients who are long-term cancer survivors Reviewing data for quality and completeness and assisting with QI/QA of the transplant data base. Competencies: Demonstrated ability to abstract subject data from medical record/source documentation and enter into care report forms and/or databases required. Experience generating and resolving queries and/or monitoring data required. Ability to handle competing demands with diplomacy and enthusiasm required. Ability to perform research data management with minimal supervision required. Strong data management skills and attention to detail required. Ability to work collaboratively and with divisional research offices required. Knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel and Adobe Acrobat required. Ability to maintain a high degree of confidentiality with clinical data and client's proprietary data required. Adaptability to changing working situations and work assignments required. Ability to work independently and as part of a team required. Analytical skills required. Strong attention to detail required. Excellent multi-tasking skills required. Knowledge of medical and/or /clinical trial terminology required. Knowledge in relevant scientific field required. Ability to train junior data managers required. Additional Requirements Education and Experience: Bachelor's degree and one year of experience or five years of relevant experience required. Technical Knowledge or Skills: Knowledge of medical terminology/environment preferred. Required Documents: Resume Cover Letter NOTE: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application Benefit Eligibility Yes Pay Frequency Hourly Pay Range Depends on Qualifications Scheduled Weekly Hours 40 Union Non-Union Job is Exempt? No Drug Test Required? Yes Does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job? No Health Screen Required? Yes Posting Date 2018-07-23-07:00 Remove from Posting On or Before 2019-01-23-08:00