Requisition ID: 162740 Work Area: Consulting and Professional Services Expected Travel: 0 - 100% Career Status: Professional Employment Type: Regular Full Time COMPANY DESCRIPTION As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries innovate through simplification. From the back office to the boardroom, warehouse to storefront, on premise to cloud, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. LOCATION: Anywhere in US with travel as needed to clients’ site. ROLE DESCRIPTION: Key member of the SAP Oil and Gas Practice that helps define our client’s core strategic road map and provides leadership in their transformation journey. Help our customers understand how SAP fits into their roadmap and what functionality should be leveraged to meet their business requirements. Provide our customers key insight and direction related to industry trends, best practices, and world-class solutions. Broad knowledge of the SAP IS-Oil Solutions and deep industry expertise (i.e. Upstream Operations Management, PRA and JVA). Deep product expertise/business experience across multiple SAP solution areas (i.e. Tax and Royalty, Check Write, Production and Contract Allocation, Ownership, Revenue and Valuation, Joint Venture Accounting, etc.). Extensive functional and/or solution experience with the ability to facilitate, implement, and support SAP’s products to enhance our clients’ business functionality and overall performance, while maintaining a high degree of customer satisfaction. Ability to provide thought leadership and resolve complex issues in escalated projects. Performance of feasibility studies, solution and quality assurance reviews. Support of pre-sales activities (license and services). Ability to handle multiple customers/assignments at the same time. EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS: Ensure clear understanding of clients’ transformation strategy/programs and how SAP will fit into their roadmap. Close alignment to both software and services sales to provide solutions and architecture support/guidance to clients to help position the proper SAP products. Thought leader in the Oil and Gas Industry and deep knowledge of industry best practices. Facilitate communications between business and technology stakeholders to ensure desired business outcomes are met. Ability to scope requirements and develop detailed project plans to meet customer’s business requirements. Ability to lead teams and develop/mentor less experienced resources. Ensure the value realization of SAP products is realized during the implementation/transformation. Broad Industry /corporate process implementation knowledge across all related applications (SAP/non-SAP). Stay informed of the SAP roadmap, solutions, service offerings and market trends. WORK EXPERIENCE: Minimum seven years consulting experience in Oil and Gas Industry. SAP Product Expertise across multiple key areas for the Upstream O &G; Industry: Tax and Royalty, Check Write, Production and Contract Allocation, Ownership, Revenue and Valuation, Joint Venture Accounting, etc. Proven ability to communicate with C level executives within an organization. Has experience with multiple full cycle implementations with hands-on SAP experience in leadership roles within the project. Deep understanding of Oil and Gas industry business processes. Experience in pre-sales and customer facing sales roles is required. EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATION / SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES: Bachelor’s Degree – Master’s degree preferred but not required. Strong knowledge of the Oil and Gas Industry business processes and deep expertise across multiple core areas is required (Tax and Royalty, Check Write, Production and Contract Allocation, Ownership, Revenue and Valuation, Joint Venture Accounting, etc.). 100% Travel. English: Fluent. sapind SAPDBS SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Additional Locations: Virtual - USA