PwC/LOS Overview PwC is a network of firms committed to delivering quality in assurance, tax and advisory services. We help resolve complex issues for our clients and identify opportunities. Learn more about us at www.pwc.com/us. At PwC, we develop leaders at all levels. The distinctive leadership framework we call the PwC Professional (http://pwc.to/pwcpro) provides our people with a road map to grow their skills and build their careers. Our approach to ongoing development shapes employees into leaders, no matter the role or job title. Are you ready to build a career in a rapidly changing world? Developing as a PwC Professional means that you will be ready to create and capture opportunities to advance your career and fulfill your potential. To learn more, visit us at www.pwc.com/careers. It takes talented people to support the US firm of the largest professional services organization in the world. Not all of us work directly with external clients. Some of our best people choose to apply their talents inside PwC. As part of Internal Firm Services, you're serving an organization on par with many of our external clients. Our Internal Firm Services team consists of first-rate marketers, human resource professionals, computer technologists, knowledge managers, accountants, financial planners, administrators and leaders. Internal Firm Services staff are the people who make it work for the people who make it work for our clients. Job Description PwC is driving major change across information and cyber security by building a centralized model to provide security services across the entire member firm network. Mandated at the network level, Network Information Security (NIS) operates outside Information Technology (IT) and is responsible for this major program initiative, from definition of the security strategy to the execution of the global Cyber Readiness Program, moving from local to globally-provided services. Our mission is to identify, control, and reduce the attack surface across the member firm network while increasing our adversaries cost of attack. In order to deliver the Cyber Readiness Program, the NIS team is structured into the following Pillars: Information Security Risk and Compliance (ISRC) Chief Information Security Office (CISO) Security Architecture, Engineering, Innovation and Transformation (SAEIT) Cyber Security Services Strategy and Alliances Chief of Staff NIS is building the first global cyber security function at PwC. Our mission protects 223,000 PwC members across 157 member firms worldwide, as well as our global clients. If you are seeking an exciting career with the scope to grow your cyber security skills through major change on a global scale, then NIS will empower you to do so. The SAEIT pillar within NIS is responsible for the following services: Security Architecture Security Engineering Innovation Security Transformation Application Security If you love designing and building security technology this is the place to be. Within SAEIT we work closely with the business to define the NIS 5 year security roadmap. Gathering business requirements to combine PwCs goals with conceptual long term security trends to create a target architecture for NIS to deliver against. From this future state plan the Security Engineering team break down long term goals into manageable projects and look to technical security solutions to solve business problems. Designing and building security technology that span the wider PwC network of firms. Once security technologies are built the security engineering team work closely with Cyber in order to highlight the capability of the technology to ensure maximum impact as it is transitioned into an operational environment. The Security Architecture team is responsible for the following tasks: Identifying long term security trends and developing proof of concept designs to establish feasibility of execution within the business; Engaging business and technology stakeholders at all levels to gather long term goals and requirements; Mapping long term business requirements to complex security architecture frameworks; Defining the NIS Security architecture roadmap and documentation of enterprise security framework; and Engaging with Security Engineering to ensure solution design and build in line with long term security strategy. Position/Program Requirements Minimum Year(s) of Experience: 5 years in progressive professional roles involving information security and/or IT management. Minimum Degree Required: High School Diploma or GED Degree Preferred: Bachelor's degree Knowledge Preferred: Demonstrates intimate knowledge and/or a proven record of success in security architecture as applied in the support of and integration with key business and strategic priorities including the following areas: Contributing new intellectual capital through deep specialization in a subject matter area or technical domain within Security Architecture; Translating pillar strategy by leading or managing others and performing work with significant independence; Influencing both internally and externally through building and leading a large team or complex project, or multiple teams or projects, within Security Architecture; Managing efforts within the Security Architecture space; and Building and maintaining large-scale, multi-part programs while supervising teams to execute against overall strategy. Skills Preferred: Demonstrates intimate abilities and/or a proven record of success in the following areas: Engaging business and technology stakeholders at all levels to gather long term goals and requirements; Mapping long term business requirements to security architecture frameworks such as TOGAF, SABSA, Zachman etc.; Designing and building security technology solutions aligned to a global central service environment; Engineering experience with enterprise security technology; Contributing to a central technology service organization; Navigating a matrix organization; and Collaborating with multiple stakeholders across functional and technical skillsets. Program Overview Cloud Access Security Broker (CASB) solution design, implementation and configuration File Encryption/Data Rights Management (DRM) solution design, implementation and configuration Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) logging design, implementation and configuration Continuous Cloud/SaaS application (Salesforce, Workday, Oracle, SAP, G-Suite, ServiceNow, etc.) data model review to determine sensitive data elements that should be encrypted at-rest At-rest Cloud/SaaS application (Salesforce, Workday, Oracle, SAP, G-Suite, ServiceNow, etc.) encryption solution design, implementation and configuration Continuous review of Cloud/SaaS application (Salesforce, Workday, Oracle, SAP, G-Suite, ServiceNow, etc.) integrations and add-ons for security controls Cloud/SaaS application (Salesforce, Workday, Oracle, SAP, G-Suite, ServiceNow, etc.) hardening such as Identity and Access Management (I&AM;), privileged access management, secure integrations, etc. Cloud/SaaS application (Salesforce, Workday, Oracle, SAP, G-Suite, ServiceNow, etc.) testing support to ensure minimal impact from security controls Partnering with Cloud/SaaS application (Salesforce, Workday, Oracle, SAP, G-Suite, ServiceNow, etc.) vendors to further develop their security roadmap and security enhancements Security design, policy, best-practices, etc. consulting Project/program management Stakeholder management Reporting