Who is Eventellect? Eventellect is the go-to partner for data-conscious sports and entertainment executives seeking to optimize ticket yield, revenue, and brand equity. We manage ticket inventory in real time across multiple online sales channels via our proprietary software platform, market trend analysis, and pricing algorithms. We create value for our various partners through our custom ticket management solutions. What are we looking for? We are looking for passionate, innovative, and driven people who want to be part of our growing company. We are actively expanding our Data Science team and are looking for an experienced Data Engineer. The Data Science team partners cross-functionally with departments (especially Pricing and Software) to drive actionable insights and solutions from rich, varied datasets. The _perfect_ candidate will have an excellent data engineering background, ability to efficiently procure and wrangle disparate datasets, manage ETL processes on an ongoing basis, and perform data analyses as needed. What would you do? Monitor and maintain existing data infrastructure with keen oversight of ETL processes Lead novel data ingestion in tandem with Data Scientists Design, model, and develop datasets/databases to support reporting and analytics Dive into publicly-available APIs, querying data and configuring for use in relational databases by other team personnel Recognize and manage technical dependencies/or limitations that impede Data Science work; debug issues with automated data flows/ETL processes Conduct investigations on new products to improve data integrity/processing/automation Assist the Data Science team in unearthing novel insights, serving as a “storyteller” Educate junior team members on best practices What do you bring? Penchant for critically assessing business processes and developing high-impact improvements or solutions Excellent technology skills that are used as a tool to maximize productivity and quality Disciplined decision-making and analytical skills with the ability to adapt and collaborate in a competitive and evolving environment Ability to work well under pressure and manage multiple tasks simultaneously; agility in a high-paced work environment Effective communication tactics for technical and non-technical audiences Enthusiasm for sports and live events Solid command of core business principles Commitment to safeguarding confidential information What is required to succeed? Bachelor’s Degree (B.A., B.S.) or graduate degree (preferred) Technical background in statistics, computer science, math, engineering or other technical field Strong grasp of Microsoft Azure tech stack or similar analogs (Amazon Web Services, etc.) At least 2-5 years of experience in data engineering/data strategy/data management At least 2-5 years of programming in C or an equivalent object oriented programming language At least 2-5 years of development experience with MySQL or MS SQL Server Extensive experience with common analysis tools – SQL and R/Python with demonstrable familiarity with code and programming concepts Experience collecting data points on various distributed platforms Experience with performance optimizations at database and application level Proficiency in Microsoft Office Bonus: Experience with data visualization (i.e. ggplot, Tableau, Looker, MicroStrategy, etc.) Bonus: Experience with Big Data tools (i.e. Hadoop, Hive, Kafka, MapReduce etc.) What are the perks of working at Eventellect? A fast-growing company that’s respected in Houston (Houston Business Journal’s Best Places to Work 2017) and nationally (INC 5000 list of fastest-growing companies 7 years in a row). A competitive salary and bonus potential A comprehensive benefits package, including 90% employee medical coverage, as well as dental and vision coverage, basic term life insurance and short-term disability coverage Unlimited paid vacation policy A $1,000 annual ticket budget to spend on sports and other live events