REF: 30103 CBS BUSINESS UNIT: CBS Television Network JOB TYPE: Full-Time Staff JOB SCHEDULE: Full-Time JOB LOCATION: Los Angeles, CA ABOUT US: CBS was established in 1928, when founder William Paley purchased 16 independent radio stations and christened them the Columbia Broadcast System. Today, with more than 200 television stations and affiliates reaching virtually every home in the United States, CBS's total network lineup was watched by more than 130 million people a week during the 2012/2013 season. The Network has the 1 drama/scripted program, NCIS; 1 sitcom, THE BIG BANG THEORY; 1 newsmagazine, 60 MINUTES; and 1 daytime drama, THE YOUNG AND THE RESTLESS. Its programming arms include CBS Entertainment, CBS News and CBS Sports. DESCRIPTION: The Video Operator is a member of CBS Television City's technical operations team which is responsible for the productions of live and recorded television programs. The Video Operator’s job responsibilities include the set-up, configuration, diagnosis, calibration and operation of a various types of television camera systems, video monitors, and associated equipment. Thorough knowledge in the operations of broadcast camera systems, selections of lens/pedestal/pan head combinations and associated equipment throughout the camera chain is required. Equipment experience with the Sony 900/1500/2500/4300 cameras, a variety of lenses, master set-up units, remote control units, routing switchers, viewfinders, camera pedestals, pan heads, tally systems, intercom systems, as well as video testing equipment and scopes, is required. The Video Operator must be knowledgeable in the basics of various video signal formats/frame rates, video processing, and the usage of waveform monitors. The ability to manage the camera chain and monitoring in the control rooms, colorimetry, hue, saturation, luminance, contrast, color space, color temperature, white level, sync, and the understanding of the interdependencies of these parameters directly related to iris, lighting, lens type, and focal length is also required. The VO will need to work closely with other members of the production team. The ability to communicate effectively and to resolve technical issues in a timely manner is essential to the success of both live and taped productions. Other than the main job responsibilities as described above, the technician at times may be required to perform other general duties such as, and not limited to, equipment maintenance, camera/audio utility, shift coverage, and equipment installation/relocation, etc. This position may require prolonged sitting or standing periods. It may also require light to medium lifting of a variety of equipment. QUALIFICATIONS: Candidates with experience working as a video operator in broadcasting, media production and operations, or a related technical field will be considered. EEO STATEMENT: Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled