The Division of Finance is undergoing significant change with existing technology and application infrastructure, including the harmonization of two disparate, highly complex technical environments that were recently merged under a single IT support function. To help our team realize successful harmonization of both legacy computing environments, the division’s IT Services team is seeking to hire an experienced systems administrator. The Senior Systems Administrator in this position assists with evaluating, recommending, troubleshooting, and maintaining back-end server and virtualized infrastructure. The Senior Systems Administrator will also be responsible for establishing various server and application configurations, the design and management of infrastructure security and incident response, and lead or contribute to a wide array of IT projects necessary to support nearly 300 customers in 12 technically complex business areas. The Senior Systems Administrator will develop and modify application scripts, manage MS SQL databases, track data storage trends, and research next-generation cloud solutions, where applicable. Ongoing management of the division’s virtualized environment and imaging systems (Perceptive Content, Kofax, OnBase, etc.) will also be key responsibilities of this position, in addition to supporting any number of more than 50 software applications used to manage the division’s financial operations. As part of the IT Services infrastructure team, the Administrator will also be responsible for implementing interfaces among servers, plan operating system upgrades, manage system performance in response to changing environment and usage patterns, disaster recovery planning, and response to problems reported out of the division’s server room facilities on and near the main university campus The Senior System Administrator will lead multiple server projects, serve as subject matter expert on multiple technologies, and mentor the junior staff. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree and 3-5 years of back-end application and server infrastructure deployment and maintenance, or an equivalent combination of education and experience, are required; 5-7 years of experience strongly preferred. The successful candidate will have strong writing/communications skills, and a solid command of common programming languages, user interfaces, integration methods, and development life cycles. Demonstrated expertise in systems analysis, design, and the ability to quickly learn and apply new technologies is required. Extended experience with Active Directory and Windows OS servers and workstations is also desired. The ability to work independently with limited direct supervision in a self-motivated and self- directed manner required; ability to work as a member of a team required. Affirmative Action Statement Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.