Job Summary: The Web Applications Engineering department is seeking a talented Solutions Architect that will lead platform and architecture design for our global web application portfolio including our North American eCommerce site: shop.lululemon.com. In this role you will own our frontend web application architecture and work with our other architects and enterprise architecture practice to drive evolution of our capabilities to deliver business results in high growth direct to guest business. By partnering closely with application owners and business leadership you will design innovative, highly scalable and secure solutions to drive growth in our business capability to deliver world class guest experiences in web, mobile and omni-channel and more. Your experience designing solutions in mixed on-premise, vendor hosted, SaaA and cloud environments will be your foundation in guiding our continuing migration to cloud solutions. You are an independent leader who is comfortable supporting and communicating with diverse technical and business teams. As a leader for the technical roadmap you will support the delivery of major initiatives on clear timelines. You identify areas of strategic technical debt, do the cost/benefit analysis for resolving this debt and integrate into your roadmap for the management team. Core Accountabilities: Own our proven front-end foundation that facilitated $500 million in e-commerce sales in 2016 Evolve our roadmap for long-term growth in business capability and capacity Design platform capability in sync with business objectives Design the best digital experience to our e-commerce guests directly and in concert with retail brick & mortar guests through our OMNI programs Set our vision and lead our cloud architecture enhancements and evolution to our proven foundation Enroll and leverage the experience of development, operations and business partners Inspire and educate technical and business teams Support delivery programs and product teams implementing change Champion knowledge sharing and enrolment in modern technologies and approaches Required Skills, Experience: 5+ years experience in technical development 3+ years experience as a designing solutions Deep familiarity with the web platform and referenceable experience designing high-scale mobile and desktop browser application architectures Ability to work comfortably across browser and server environments with the expectation and understanding that your expertise is biased toward frontend concerns Comfortable working in complex and large-scale production environments Nice to Haves: Prior experience in the retail industry Our “must haves”: Proven work ethic with utmost integrity Desire to excel and succeed Actively live and breathe the lululemon culture and lifestyle Self-awareness, with a desire for constant self improvement (goal –oriented) Entrepreneurial spirit and an egoless nature Self motivated, passionate, empathetic, approachable Outgoing, energetic, upbeat and fun! NOTE : Only those applicants under consideration will be contacted. Please accept our utmost appreciation for your interest. lululemon is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Employment decisions are based on merit and business needs, and not on race, color, creed, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, military service, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions or any other classification protected by federal, state or provincial and local laws and ordinances. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This Equal Employment Opportunity policy applies to all practices relating to recruitment and hiring, compensation, benefits, discipline, transfer, termination and all other terms and conditions of employment. While management is primarily responsible for seeing that lululemon equal employment opportunity policies are implemented, you share in the responsibility for assuring that, by your personal actions, the policies are effective. L1-AC1 Job : Information Technology Organization : Store Support Center Schedule : : Full-time Unposting Date : Ongoing