Business Summary: VMware is the leader in virtualization and cloud infrastructure solutions that enable our more than 350,000 enterprise and SMB customers to thrive in the Cloud Era/ A pioneer in the use of virtualization and automation technologies, VMware simplifies IT complexity across the entire data center to the virtual workplace, empowering customers with solutions in the software-defined data center to hybrid cloud computing and the mobile workspace. Our team of 20,000+ people working in 50+ locations worldwide is committed to building a community where great people want to work long term by living our values of passion, innovation, execution, teamwork, active learning and giving back. If you are ready to accelerate, innovate and lead, join us as we challenge constraints and problem solve for tomorrow today. Job Role and Responsibilities: Are you ready to work for one of the top Information Technology teams in the industry and set the standard for all other enterprises to follow? The Endpoint Engineer works on a team based in Austin, TX. They report up through the award-winning CIO organization. The Endpoint team is proud of our dedication to delightful customer service and strives to improve our colleague experience in an ever-changing enterprise environment. We also advocate crafting a mentorship with other team members to share lessons learned and IT knowledge. You will be responsible for providing Tier 2 and 3 troubleshooting and ongoing operational support including operating systems releases, upgrades, service pack installations, bug fixes, and security updates to both remote home office colleagues and local office colleagues. You will help solve critical issues and be a point of contact for other members of the team. In addition, you will build new endpoint systems (laptop and desktop), support smartphone configuration and synchronization, and assist other IT teams (networking, telecom, client engineering) with local projects and tasks. Sharing your knowledge and training peers will also be a part of daily responsibilities. As an Endpoint Engineer, you will provide support in person, over the phone, or via email in a timely and accurate fashion and consistently log all work completed in our ticketing system. You will also communicate consistently with your peers on the team, management, and with the colleagues you assist. We expect you to implement and follow departmental policies and procedures. Required Skills: IT experience. Minimum 5+ years experience supporting Microsoft systems (Win 10), Mac OS X and Linux based operating systems. Completed a minimum 3-year degree in Computer Science or related field OR degree from Technical Trade School. Knowledge of network implementation, server hardware, software installation, and maintenance, in coordination with other corporate IT teams. Have a proven aptitude to successfully work as part of a team. Proven knowledge and experience supporting Microsoft desktop operating systems and Mac operating systems. Have knowledge of PC hardware architecture. Ability to support and fix typical desktop applications, (i.e., MS Office, virus scan, web browsers, mac apps etc.). Experience supporting modern day collaboration technologies and corporate AV essentials – projection, audio conferencing, video conferencing, web conferencing, streaming, and Skype for Business Have knowledge of desktop architecture build methodologies. Have an understanding of other IT disciplines (i.e., Telecom, Networking, Messaging, Server operations, etc.) Experience with integrated audio systems (wireless mics, sound reinforcement, etc) Experience with comprehensive AV deployments, and support management Basic understanding of webcasting and web-video delivery Excellent written and oral communication Experience with VMware desktop products (Fusion, Player, Workstation etc.) would be a distinct advantage Preferred Skills: Our team looks for individuals who embody our values of humility, compassion, collaboration above isolationism, respectfulness, integrity, and good-natured fun. Additionally we would like: You have experience in Software, Cloud, or Infrastructure such as Compute, Network, Storage ITIL foundation certification Preference will be given to applicants who have completed and maintained basic industry certifications (COMPTIA A+, etc.) and/or Microsoft certifications (MCSA, MCSE, VCP).