Main Line Health is currently looking for a Kronos Application Administrator to be a member of the Human Resource Information Services Team in Radnor, PA Main Line Health , with over 11,000 employees and 2000 physician practices, is suburban Philadelphia's most comprehensive health care resource, offering a full range of medical, surgical, obstetric, pediatric, psychiatric and emergency services. We are composed of five hospitals, a medical research institute, physician practices and other specialized facilities and services. Main Line Health is committed to the highest standards of patient care, education and research. Main Line Health has achieved numerous honors and awards and has been nationally recognized by Press Ganey, Truven Analytics, The Joint Commission and other health care ratings organizations for its high quality patient care. We have received Magnet® designation by the American Nurses Credentialing Center (ANCC), the nation’s highest award for recognizing excellence in nursing care. At Main Line Health, we have made it our mission to provide patients with a superior patient experience. This translates to the consistent delivery of safe, high quality clinical care in the absence of preventable harm Why Work for Main Line Health? We are committed to providing exceptional care with empathy and compassion for people at all stages in life. Our Diversity, Respect and Inclusion Initiative celebrates our differences and our similarities. Ultimately, we want everyone to feel respected for who they are. Turn your job into a career by joining Main Line Health! This position reports to the System Director of HR and Financial Applications. The Application Administrator must have experience with configuring and maintaining Kronos, experience with Advanced Scheduler and FMLA modules is preferred. The Administrator will: Work closely with the Staffing Office and the FMLA Administrators to troubleshoot issues as they arise. Be responsible for the configuration, maintenance and accuracy of the Kronos database. Be involved in the testing of proposed enhancements and upgrades. Keep will keep current with the developments/enhancements to the Kronos application to ensure that MLH is up to date with service packs and advisories. Serve as the liaison between the business community and the technical team. Design and deliver training programs for end users. Education: Bachelor's degree required; emphasis in Human Resources or computer sciences preferred. Experience: 2-5 years of experience in Kronos application administration. Requires strong quantitative, statistical, and analytical skills, as well as verbal and written communication skills. In addition, demonstrates initiative and organizational skills. Strong working knowledge of MS Excel required. Proficiency with other MS Office applications (Word, Access) also needed. We offer competitive compensation and outstanding comprehensive benefits including tuition reimbursement, 403B matching savings plan, a pension plan, and a generous paid time off program. To be considered, please apply online with your resume at https://www.mainlinehealth.org/careers Enter Job ID 18000013 in Keyword search box. _Applicants must certify that they have not used tobacco products or nicotine in any form in the 90-days prior to submitting an application to Main Line Health. This will be verified during pre-employment testing. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. Please, no agency calls._ Primary Location : United States-Pennsylvania-Radnor Job : Human Resources Organization : Main Line Services Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Job Employee Status : Regular Job Posting : Aug 10, 2018, 9:46:30 AM Shift Details : 1