FreeWheel, a Comcast company, has superior end-to-end technology, premium marketplace, and best in market advisory services that power the advertising businesses of the largest media and entertainment companies in the world, including DIRECTV, Fox, NBC Universal, Turner Broadcasting System and Viacom in U.S., and Sky and Channel 4 in Europe. From our unique position at the center of the premium video economy, we enable our clients to unify audiences across desktop, mobile, OTT, and traditional STB devices, and profitably monetize their content. Headquartered in New York, with offices in San Francisco, London, and Beijing, FreeWheel stands to advocate for the entire industry through the FreeWheel Council for Premium Video. RESPONSIBILITIES: Design and develop optimization solutions for advertising applications Design and develop machine learning algorithms for predictive services Research and prototype new optimization and machine learning solutions for new ad scheduling and forecasting initiatives Evaluate, visualize and compare different machine learning and optimization algorithms Work with product team and other engineering team to build a holistic advertising solution across all environments.ABOUT YOU: Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics or similar fields of study 2-5 years of relevant working experience Good with SQL and database general concepts Good with Linux commands and environments Proficient with Python and/or Golang. Familiar with software development life cycle and able to produce product quality code and test cases. Hands-on experiences with machine learning and optimization algorithms is strongly preferred. Experiences with software engineering tooling such as Git, Jenkins, Docker is strongly preferred. Experiences with AWS and cloud infrastructure is preferred. Known for being a smart, analytical thinker who approaches their work with logic and enthusiasm. Detail oriented, flexible and can work well in a global team-oriented environment. Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer