Huntington Beach,California,United States DAPAN1 Boeing Defense, Space, and Security is seeking an Entry Level Government & Cap Property Specialist to support our Operations division within Vertical Lift and Integrated Systems in Huntington Beach, CA. Position Responsibilities: Assists with administering the terms of contract provisions that specify the company's obligations to acquire, control, use, care for, report and dispose of property. Learns to establish a property record for company or government property by entering pertinent property data into a tracking system and maintaining accountability from initial acquisition to final disposition. Assists with tracking the movement of property by coordinating, preparing and documenting applicable forms to indicate a change of ownership, accountability or location of property in accordance with applicable government regulations, customer contracts or corporate policy. Conducts physical inventory of property and learns to reconcile results to ensure compliance with regulations and to verify that property records accurately reflect inventory on hand. Assists in verifying that equipment servicing requirements are performed by responsible organizations. Following pertinent procedures, assists in the disposition of property identified by company, legal or contractual requirement Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position requires the ability to obtain a US Security Clearance for which the US Government requires US Citizenship Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): Builds positive relationships with co-workers other organizations and direct management. Communicates well with others to ensure message is received. Identifies more critical and less critical items and prioritizes. Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Skill and ability to collect, analyze data and summarize findings Typical Education/Experience: Bachelor's degree This position is located in Huntington Beach, CA and does not offer relocation assistance. Applicants must reside in area or be willing to relocate at their own expense. No Operations Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company