Avanade now has Digital Studios in Chicago, Seattle, Atlanta and NYC. The Digital Studio is a standalone, agency-like, cross functional team of individuals, who will deliver end-to-end digital projects from strategy and design, through build and on-going support and optimization. Studio team members work side by side in the Seattle office four days a week (and one day from home) on cutting-edge projects that add a layer of creative, world class delivery, on top of repeatable technology solutions. Our Studio is made up of UX and Visual folks, Digital Strategists, Content Strategists, Business Analysts, Tech Leads/UI Developers, and Delivery Managers—most of whom have lots of experience working at Digital Agencies. If you’re looking for a fast- paced, highly creative environment, where people work hard and play hard, please apply! We’re growing fast, and we’d love to talk with you in person. A Sitecore Developer, is responsible for assessing the customer environment and requirements of assigned Sitecore clients. This job develops components of new applications using Sitecore and other .net based languages. Our developers write code for Sitecore Content Management Solutions and assist with overall digital strategy in order to meet client needs. This job ensures that solution efforts are appropriately prioritized, that solutions are integrated, and that the Digital Studio has defined the right solution. You’ll keep your skills current as Avanade offers 80 hours of paid training per year. As you grow your career at Avanade you will build strong management, technical and planning skills. You will improve your abilities to think creatively, design turn-key solutions, and interact with customers. You will also hone your technical, management and consulting skills by participating in large cutting-edge projects and benefiting from the vast knowledge of a collaborative team. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: Experience working as a member of a creative team Experience working in a digital studio or digital agency Designing, developing and testing enterprise solutions Sitecore certification a plus. 6+ years of IT industry experience 6+ years of consulting experience 6+ years in Microsoft .Net Development 2+ years Digital Agency experience (preferred) Ability to travel 20% of the time to the customer location Must have legal right to work in the US Experience in a Sitecore Migration. Experienced in Sitecore CMS a must, 8 XP preferred Bachelor's Degree Required. Preferred majors: Computer Science or related field Additional Area, Region or Service Line specific requirements: Travel: This position works four days per week in the office and one day per week from home. Occasional travel to the customer should be expected (10-20%). Requisition ID - 55401 Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.com.