Summary The candidate will perform duties in the R&D team of iRobot. The candidate will participate in the optimization, improvement, enhancement, and benchmarking of iRobot technologies. In particular, the focus will be on iRobot's ViPR (Visual Pattern Recognition) and vSLAM (visual Simultaneous Localization and Mapping) systems. Alternative activities will involve the development of novel navigation algorithms based on iRobot's NorthStar sensor. Additionally the candidate will participate in prototyping and evaluating novel sensors and robot assemblies. Essential Functions/ Job Duties The candidate will perform duties in the R&D team of iRobot. The candidate will participate in the optimization, improvement, enhancement, and benchmarking of iRobot technologies. In particular, the focus will be on iRobot’s vision technologies for object recognition and SLAM(vSLAM: visual Simultaneous Localization and Mapping). Alternative activities will involve the development of novel navigation algorithms based on other available sensors in the robots under development. Additionally the candidate will participate in prototyping and evaluating novel sensors and robot assemblies. The candidate’s project would be selected according to skill level and interest of the applicant. The following list presents some of the current projects: Comparison and benchmarking of the state-of-the-art feature detectors and descriptors for object recognition. Enhancement of the current object recognition algorithm by the inclusion of alternative visual cues such as color or shape. Development of clustering techniques for efficient storage and retrieval of feature points. Evaluation and implementation of the state-of-the-art object class recognition algorithms. Evaluation of the latest classification algorithms based on convolutional neural network or deep networks. Implementation of algorithms on cloud-enabled platforms. Evaluation and implementation of the state-of-the-art RGBD recognition algorithms. Development of fusion algorithms for a variety of sensors (cameras, IMU, odometry) Development of robot navigation primitives for path planning, obstacle avoidance, and visual servoing. Development of SLAM systems using information from a variety of sensors (cameras, RGBD, IMU, odometry). Prototype, interface, and integrate alternative sensors (e.g., inertial motion sensors, deadreckoning sensors, RGBD cameras) into novel robot assemblies. The typical work cycle involves research and algorithm development (typically in Python/Matlab), algorithm testing, refinement and benchmarking, followed by C/C++ code implementation and integration into the final application. Alternatively, the development cycle entitles the assembly of an electro-mechanical system, implementation of SW for integration of different components, and evaluation of the desired application. Qualifications 3rd or 4th year BS student or graduate student. Excellent mathematical background, with solid foundation in probability theory, systems theory, multivariate calculus, nonlinear optimization. Proficient in C/C++ and Matlab (or Python), with good documentation and code organization habits. Experience with pattern recognition and computer vision a definite plus. Experience with robotics and control systems a definite plus. Creative and independent thinker, willing to take on challenges and learn new fields. Work well in a fast-paced, small team environment. If you’re looking for a job where you can exercise your mathematical and algorithmic skills, and are interested in doing work that can lead to graduate studies in computer vision and/or robotics, this is it! Interested candidates should send email to dl-pas-careers@irobot.com About Us We are the leading global consumer robot company, designing and building robots that empower people to do more, both inside and outside of the home. Founded by MIT roboticists who had the vision of making practical robots a reality. To date, we have sold over 20 million robots and globally employ more than 600 of the robot industry’s best and brightest. iRobot is committed to fostering invention, discovery and technological exploration in the pursuit of practical and valuable robot products for the home. iRobot stock trades on the NASDAQ stock market under the ticker symbol IRBT. Our Pasadena office is in the heart of Old Town, set against the San Gabriel mountains. iRobot is headquartered in Bedford, Massachusetts. We also have offices in Europe, Japan, China & Hong Kong. Imagine the future you could help us build as a fellow iRoboteer! Instagram: @irobotcareers Check out LifeAtiRobot and follow us on Instagram: _iRobot is an Equal Opportunity Employer_