Graduation with a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university with major coursework in a related field plus four (4) years of human resources experience in the human resources specialty assigned. Experience may substitute for one (1) year of the required education up to a maximum of four (4) years substitution. Licenses or Certifications: None. Notes to Applicants This position will develop and implement Workers’ Compensation (WC) procedures; provide training to all departments on completion of City workers’ compensation procedures and the accurate and timely completion of all state mandated WC forms; provide departments with access to the WC claims database and coordinate departmental training on the WC claims system; coordinate and oversee quarterly WC representative meetings to include agendas, speakers and topics; run reports and analyze data in order to locate unusual or significant claim anomalies; review claims with significant lost time and work with departments to ensure all options have been considered; provide assistance to injured employees that have contacted the division with questions or concerns regarding their claim; review individual WC claim files if injured employees have brought forth concerns or complaints and interact with both the department and the claims adjuster for a resolution; monitor surgery and other complex medical authorizations to ensure pre-authorizations have been received in a timely manner and that the cost and level of pre-authorizations is within acceptable thresholds. Please be sure to detail on the application all previous employment that you wish to be considered as part of your qualifications. A detailed, complete employment application is required. It helps us to better evaluate your qualifications and will be used to determine salary if you are selected for this position. Be sure to provide job title and employment dates for all jobs you wish to be considered. A résumé is required, but will not substitute for a complete employment application. Pay Range $27.34 – $35.41 Hours Monday – Friday 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. Hours may vary due to operational needs Job Close Date 08/22/2018 Type of Posting External Department Human Resources Regular/Temporary Regular Grant Funded or Pooled Position Not Applicable Category Professional Location 505 Barton Springs Road, Austin, TX 78704 Preferred Qualifications Four years of experience working in the workers’ compensation arena as a claims adjuster for a third party administrator or an insurance carrier Current Texas Workers’ Compensation adjuster license Ability to speak in front of large groups Experience reviewing current workers’ compensation procedures and developing new procedures and forms Experience developing workers’ compensation training materials/modules and providing training Experience with the Texas Workers’ Compensation system Proficiency with Microsoft Office including Excel and Power Point, and a variety of databases Experience planning, coordinating, scheduling and organizing logistics for large meetings Duties, Functions and Responsibilities Essential duties and functions, pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, may include the following. Other related duties may be assigned. 1\. Plans, designs, develop, implements, and evaluate major human resources programs within the area of specialization for city wide use. 2\. Provides advice and counsel to management and other employee groups on a broad range of human resources issues and decisions within the area of specialization. 3\. Identifies, analyze, and recommends solutions for various human resources problems within the area of specialization, monitoring implementation of agreed upon actions until the problem has been resolved. 4\. Advise and influence management in making sound human resources related decisions within the area of specialization. 5\. Analyze morale indicators and other personnel measurements such as but not limited to surveys, turnover, and grievances, and present recommendations within the area of specialization for corrective action programs. 6\. Ensures compliance with federal and state laws, including reporting requirements. 7\. Conducts training to departments in changes in policies, personnel procedures and classification programs. 8\. Observes, interviews, and survey employees and conduct group meetings to collect job, organizational, and occupational information. Responsibilities \- Supervision and/or Leadership Exercised: Provide leadership for groups including other professionals and support staff in the area of specialization. May manage entire program or programs. Periodically act as a team leader to special task forces or teams. Provide direction and/or guidance to less experienced human resources personnel. Provide training to managers and others on human resources issues. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Must possess required knowledge, skills, abilities and experience and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Knowledge of assigned human resources areas. Knowledge of Federal, State, and Local laws and ordinances governing personnel activities. Knowledge of city practice, policy and procedures. Skill in oral and written communication. Skill in planning and organizing. Skill in data analysis and problem solving. Skill in using computers, related software and large databases. Skill in handling multiple tasks and prioritizing.. Ability to handle hostility, conflict, and uncertain situations. Ability to mentor and train. Ability to work with frequent interruptions and changes in priorities. Ability to develop and maintain current knowledge in the assigned Human Resources areas. Ability to establish and maintain good relationships with other city employees and the public. Does this job require a criminal background investigation? This position does not require a criminal background investigation EEO/ADA City of Austin is committed to compliance with the American Disabilities Act. If you require reasonable accommodation during the application process or have a question regarding an essential job function, please call (512) 974-3210 or TTY (512) 974-2445. Information For City Employees: If you are an employee within the department, are in good standing and meet both the minimum and preferred qualifications, then you will receive an initial interview.