The front desk clerk performs routine clerical, secretarial and administrative work in answering telephones, receiving the public, providing customer assistance, data processing, and record-keeping. Duties and Responsibilities Maintains office procedures and assists with administrative tasks. Answers central telephone system and directs calls accordingly. Receives the public and answers questions, in person and by telephone; responds to inquiries from employees, patients and others and refers, when necessary, to the appropriate manager, co-worker, healthcare giver, or department. Operates office machines and computers as required to ensure patients are processed correctly and effectively. Duplicates and distributes materials as necessary. Composes, types and edits correspondence, reports, memoranda and other material. Assists patients with the use of the practice / clinic facilities or services. Adheres to all safety policies and procedures in performing job duties and responsibilities while supporting a culture of high quality and great customer service. Additional Information Education, Licensure & Certification Requirements High School or GED Experience Requirements One (1)+ year of retail or clinical front desk experience, _preferred_ Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Requirements Detail oriented, professional attitude, reliable Management and organizational skills to support the leadership of this function Ability to follow or provide verbal & written instructions with sufficient grammar and spelling skills to avoid mistakes or misinterpretations Interpersonal skills to support customer service, functional, and team mate support needs Able to communicate effectively in English, both verbally and in writing Mathematical and/or analytical ability for basic to intermediate problem solving Basic to intermediate computer operation Proficiency with Microsoft Excel, Word, and Outlook Specialty knowledge of systems relating to job function Knowledge of state and federal regulations for this position; general understanding of HIPAA guidelines Supervisory Responsibilities: This position has no supervisory responsibilities.