Kronos is seeking a Big Data Engineer to work jointly with our Advanced Research Group and Production Engineering to implement cutting-edge Data Science, AI, and Analytics solutions for workforce management using state of the art Big Data technologies. This position allows remote flexibility and will sit in our Lowell, MA. headquarters. Responsibilities: Design and implement Big Data software applications to support diverse Machine Learning and Analytics features in workforce management products. Scale multi-tenant solutions enabling production use cases involving hundreds of millions of records and larger datasets. Rapidly prototype data science and AI applications for internal and customer evaluations. Interface with product teams and analyze the tests/data resulting from Big Data activities. Apply machine learning and AI algorithms to analyze data and generate models that can be applied to the workforce management domain. Communicate insights and findings to internal and external stakeholders. Enjoy working and learning in a fast-paced, collaborative, and rapidly evolving environment. Qualifications BS Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent; MS highly desired. Strong software engineering and object-oriented development skills. 3+ years' experience developing Big Data software applications (for example, a software developer or applied data scientist) though exceptional junior candidates will also be considered. Professional experience with relational databases and NoSQL database technologies. Hands-on experience applying Big Data technologies, including Spark and Hadoop distributed-computing platforms, to real-world problems. Ability to rapidly develop in various programming languages, such as Java, Scala, or Python Practical ability to visualize data, communicate meaningful business insights, and utilize them effectively. Ability to communicate clearly in writing and presentation. Must have a high level of initiative and sound independent judgment. Preferred Qualifications: Experience or knowledge of machine learning or other AI subfields. Hands on experience designing and implementing software on flexible public cloud platforms. Statistical or quantitative background for data analysis a plus. LI-POST Corporate overview _You’re empowered when you’re a Kronite._ Want to be part of an elite group of highly skilled professionals? We think our employees are a special group of talented, energetic, and innovative people. And for that reason, we refer to ourselves as Kronites. Kronites care about more than just work. We recognize the need to maintain a healthy work- life balance – to live inspired. In fact, it’s expected! You’ll soon learn that we take work and fun seriously. No matter what position you hold at Kronos, you’re a Kronite. And we want you to feel like you have the power to make a difference in your life and the lives of others, at work and beyond. Want to learn more about our culture? Follow us on Twitter @work4kronos. MyWorkInspired Kronos is a global provider of workforce management and human capital management cloud solutions. Kronos’ industry-specific workforce applications are purpose built for businesses, healthcare providers, educational institutions and government agencies of all sizes. Tens of thousands of organizations – including half of the Fortune 1000® - and more than 40 million people in over 100 countries use Kronos every day. EEO Statement Kronos is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and is committed to maintaining a diverse and inclusive work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, physical or mental disability, age, or veteran status or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law.