This position requires the eligibility to obtain a security clearance. Except in rare circumstances, only U.S. citizens are eligible for a security clearance. Raytheon BBN Technologies is one of the nation's premier research and development laboratories, awarded the 2011 National Medal of Technology and Innovation by the President of the United States "for sustained innovation through the engineering of first-of-a-kind, practical systems". Opportunity for entrepreneurial scientists to start and lead new R&D; areas as a Principal Investigator at Raytheon BBN Technologies. Successful candidates will have the opportunity to explore their own research agendas, organize and direct teams of bright scientists and engineers, and do important work. We're looking for experienced, creative, entrepreneurial, and highly motivated research leaders who can hit the ground running, interact with customers and potential customers, obtain funding for projects, organize and lead project teams, and lead the growth of current and new research areas. Our key requirements are creativity, a strong entrepreneurial streak, and ability to rapidly create and grow cutting-edge research projects. Interacting with potential customers, writing excellent, winning proposals, and successfully executing cutting-edge R&D; projects are essential for this position. BBN excels at very high-end R&D.; Our areas of technical interest and expertise are: Networking and Communications Distributed Systems Cyber Security / Cyber Physical Sensor Systems Quantum Information Processing Speech, Language & Multimedia Machine Learning Computational Imagery Mission Aware Networking Biotechnology Synthetic Biology Positioning, Navigation and Timing Radar Artificial Intelligence Autonomy Analytics/Forecasting Command & Control Our creative teams take pride in their work and tackle exceptionally hard problems to provide useful, practical solutions for our customers. The nation has recognized BBN’s exceptional track record by awarding us the 2011 National Medal of Technology and Innovation by the President of the United States “for sustained innovation through the engineering of first-of-a-kind, practical systems”. BBN provides an excellent work-life balance with bright and friendly colleagues and comprehensive benefits. Required Skills: Outstanding record of technology innovation and leadership. Demonstrated excellence in interacting with customers and decision-makers. Proven track record in writing successful proposals, standing up research teams, and executing projects successfully. Education Required: Advanced degree required. 116298BR 116298 Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.