Overview The CSE is our field representative that performs service for our customers at their sites. The CSE is responsible for repair and care of equipment under contract, for relationship management with the site customers and assuring SLAs are met within their defined area. The Primary responsibilities will be as a Level 2 Technical Services rep performing remote troubleshooting and assistance to Field Engineers and customers. Essential Duties & Responsibilities Required Principal Responsibilities: Assists customers with technical solutions. Provides hardware and limited software support across multiple supplier/product lines converged solutions, specific focus on server, storage and networking for HPE and EMC. Any certifications related to HPE, Data Domain and Avamar are beneficial. Provides resolution of all technical and process related issues, using appropriate escalation points when necessary. Reviews and consults with customers and technology group to clarify and/or resolve problems, review and evaluate log files to review operational and performance requirements. Reviews and consults with customers concerning design, development and maintenance of products/services. Communicates complex information and ideas clearly, concisely, and persuasively to target audiences. Participates in products, solutions or services training to maintain technical knowledge, active certification and competence. May assist in determining the feasibility of proposal, conferring with customers and technology group to clarify and/or resolve problem. Support Tech Data related projects. Job Level Specifications: Foundational knowledge of technical principles, concepts and standards acquired via academic instruction and/or relevant work experience of substantially the same level. Develops solutions to defined tasks, typical problems and projects appropriate in scope and complexity. May be solved by the application of specialized technical knowledge, concepts or theories. Work is usually performed independently and requires the exercise of judgment and discretion. Receives initial direction and work may be reviewed for accuracy and quality. Interacts mostly with immediate management, project leaders and other professionals within the department or function. Actions typically affect own work assignments and department but erroneous decisions or failure to accomplish work may require some assistance or resources from within the department to remedy. Qualifications, Required Knowledge Skills & Abilities and Working Conditions Experience: 3 to 5 Years of relevant work experience. Education & Certifications: Technical with IT/ Operations Field of Study preferred. Technical with IT/ Operations Mgt field of study required. Other Education / Certifications: A+ and Server+ certifications preferred Working Conditions: Occasional non-standard work hours or overtime as business requires. Consistent non-standard work or overtime as business requires. May be located at the Clearwater corporate office or at the reseller location. Professional, office environment. Some travel required. Frequent Travel Required (Select from dropdown list:) Required Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: Able to use a 10-key quickly and accurately. Possesses strong data entry skills. Able to recognize and attend to important details with accuracy and efficiency. Able to communicate clearly and convey necessary information. Able to converse and write effectively in English and Spanish. Able to negotiate skillfully, promote/sell ideas persuasively, and close transactions with mutually beneficial results. Possesses strong leadership skills with a willingness to lead, create new ideas, and be assertive. Able to adjust readily to change and adapt as needed. Able to maintain and promote social, ethical, and organizational standards in conducting internal and external business activities. Able to work independently with minimum supervision. Able to maintain confidentiality of sensitive information Able to be immobile for long extended periods. Able to build solid, effective working relationships with others. Able to exhibit ability to be sensitive to the needs, concerns, and feelings of others. Able to quickly learn new systems and technology. Able to use relevant computer system applications at a basic level. Able to use relevant computer system applications at an intermediate level.