Responsible for providing leadership to a team committed to achieving specified goals of a project. Provides high quality and cost effective project management, analytic support services and technical expertise for a broad array of issues. This is the first job in a three (3) level Project Manager Ladder. At the entry level, a Project Manager may lead projects that impact a single functional area or service area. It is responsible for working on problems of moderate scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors. Position will exercise judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action. Essential Functions: Leads and provides technical leadership to projects. Sets strategic direction of projects. Develops project plans which identify key issues, problems, approaches, performance metrics and resources required. Designs processes to address identified problems. Establishes team membership and negotiates time commitments and resource allocation. Provides staff leadership to multi-disciplinary teams. Motivates team members and facilitates team meetings. Acts as liaison, problem solver, and facilitator. Cultivates and reinforces appropriate group values, norms, and behaviors. Provides guidance to team on performance and productivity issues. Designs research plans for data gathering and analysis. Actively participates or may lead in analyzing data and developing recommendations and action plans. Accountable for the development of project documentation for senior executives and other key clients to facilitate sharing of project outcomes and best practices. Plans and facilitates meetings. Makes formal presentations to various senior level audiences. Assesses project impact on the workforce. May include developing training program for different levels of audiences. May develop and manage a department, including recruiting, coaching, performance evaluation of staff. Performs other related duties as assigned by management.