The NFL is looking for a highly-motivated Club Operations Coordinator to assist the Digital Media Account Management team. The NFL Digital Media Account Management team is responsible for managing relationships with all clubs on the NFL Club Site platform, providing personal consultation, analysis and best practice recommendations, as well as daily support in terms of website maintenance. Additionally, Account Managers are responsible for leading club-specific online initiatives and representing the needs of the clubs within the NFL's product development process. Essential Functions: Provide daily support, guidance and expertise to NFL club digital contacts, including: Implement overall digital solutions across all digital assets and serve as the day-to-day digital account manager. Provide clubs with all available digital strategy opportunities to help achieve business goals Assisting clubs in driving online revenue through optimized advertising/sponsorship, ticketing, subscription product and merchandise campaigns. Provide best practices across the management of analytics, including standard web, advertiser, video, mobile and social Work collaboratively with club digital teams on implementation, support and training for current and new products, platforms and monetization opportunities Communicating with club contacts on a daily basis to provide a forum for updates, questions and insight. Work closely with internal departments (including NFL, Strategy, Monetization, Business Development) in a collaborative manner to support clubs' digital needs Instituting process for clubs to tracking and report the effectiveness of all recommendations on monthly basis. Ensuring that clubs' brand, business and user needs are translated effectively to internal team at the outset of each project. Providing comprehensive training on use of Content Management Tool and other digital platforms Troubleshooting, escalating and resolving issues reported by club contacts in a timely manner. Using Content Management Tool to configure site pages to meet clubs' specific needs. Informing the product development process as the internal representative of club needs and requirements BS/BA and 1+ years of experience in business, marketing, communications, computer science, or related field required. Familiarity with digital ticket sales/e-commerce a plus. Ability to work all NFL Game Days, including Preseason, Regular Season and Playoffs is required. Must be able to work on holidays (e.g. Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Year's) when games are scheduled. Excellent client facing communication skills, both oral and written, with experience in communicating to audiences with varying levels of technical understanding. Experience building strong relationships with key client contacts required. Must be passionate about the NFL and its clubs. Self-motivated and deadline-oriented with excellent organizational and communication skills. Strong analytical thinking and problem-solving skills. Dedicated to high quality and strong attention to detail. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. Understanding of basic website usability and interfaces preferred. Preferred Education and Experience: BS/BA and minimum 1 year experience working in online advertising Other Key Attributes / Characteristics: Ability to work all NFL Game Days, including Preseason, Regular Season and Playoffs is required. Must be able to work on holidays (e.g. Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Year's) when games are scheduled. Self-motivated and deadline-oriented with excellent organizational and communication skills Supervisory Responsibility: Meet weekly with manager to go over assignment progress and team goals. Travel: 0-5% Expected Hours of Work: Required to work shifts during the football season (Sunday -- Thursday) which may include holidays Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled