The Quality/Food Safety Manager is responsible for leading the manufacturing facility with quality assurance, quality control and food safety areas. The QFS Manager is responsible for ensuring compliance with regulatory, corporate, customers and 3rd party audit requirements. The manager will oversee the quality control laboratory and quality control technicians. This role will be responsible for implementing and improving quality management programs and procedures and will watch over the day-to-day facility operations to ensure adherence to all quality and regulatory standards. This position reports directly to Regional Quality Manager. Job Responsibilities: Ensure compliance with regulatory, corporate, customer and 3rdparty audit requirements Ensure that all products meet all specifications and requirements Manage plant HACCP food safety program and associated prerequisite programs Ensure that all employees are properly trained in quality related procedures by developing and/or presenting training materials Participate in the establishment of quality specifications and standards for raw materials and for in-process and finished products Team with sales, commercial and technical services to respond to customer complaints and inquiries in a proactive manner Responsible for implementing solutions to quality problems through inspection, CAPA investigations, and audits Perform or lead investigations on quality deviations or other concerns Responsible for the ongoing development, implementation and improvement of the Quality Management System Implement plant policies and procedures and be a driver for continuous improvement in the facility Establish performance goals for the quality assurance department staff, making certain key objectives of the business unit are met Encourage project/process designs that simplify compliance with quality requirements Conduct or direct supplier and internal food safety/GMP audits, and handle third party customer and regulatory food safety/GMP audits Develop and maintain documentation to comply with record keeping requirements Job Description (Continued) Assess product quality risk as needed in determination of final product disposition Perform other duties as needed for the successful operation of the manufacturing facility Job Requirements: BS degree in science related field preferred Previous supervision of QC/QA department in the food processing industry required Solid understanding of QA methodology and processes. Knowledge of GFSI, FSMA standards preferred PCQI certification preferred Technical competence in analytical chemistry or microbiology Understanding of HACCP/HARPC and Quality Management Systems Strong analytical and problem solving skills and attention to reporting accuracy Ability to effectively communicate (verbal and written) to all levels and functions of employees and customers Experience in computer data bases and Microsoft Office applications Physical Requirements: The physical requirements of the job requires ability to climb stairs, lifting up to 55 lbs, prolonged periods of standing and sitting, computer work, meeting deadlines, providing calculated information, working in confined spaces and from heights, bending, kneeling, working adjusted hours, and working as instructed. Prompt attendance is a must. Physical qualification to wear a respirator is required. Relocation assistance is available with this position. This position offers a complete benefit package, including 401K/ESOP, pension, health, life and dental insurance. ADM requires the successful completion of applicable pre-employment drug screen, medical questionnaire and a background check. ADM is an EOE for minorities, females, protected veterans and individuals with a disability. EEO ADM is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability and veterans status. Ref ID LI-NA3