Responsible for the design, development, release and support of application and data integrations related to various services at Boston University. These integrations include data extraction, transformation and loading (ETL), application interfaces, data warehouse/data mart population, ODS population, data synchronization, provisioning, migration, profiling and cleansing. Participate in projects that require data and/or applications integrations, therefore some academic or work experience related to integration concepts and techniques is beneficial. Responsible for operational support and maintenance of various integrations currently enabling university processes and systems. This is an entry level role. Required Skills B.A./B.S. in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field; Masters preferred. One to three years of work experience in data and application integration. • Solid analytical and computer/technical skills • Knowledge of data and application integration/middleware tools such as SnapLogic, Informatica, Webmethods, Tibco, SSIS, etc. is desirable • Knowledge of EAI, SOA, ESB, Web Services, SOAP, REST, Messaging Services, API Management and other related integration concepts is desirable • Knowledge of data warehousing concepts and Operational Data Stores (ODS) is desirable • Knowledge of relational databases such as Oracle, SQL Server, My SQL, AWS RDS is desirable • Basic SQL skills are required • Experience with data analysis is desirable • Knowledge of Cloud Computing fundamentals; specifically iPaaS, IaaS, SaaS, PaaS, is desirable • Knowledge of Cloud Service Providers; specifically Amazon Web Services and MicroSoft Azure, is desirable • Experience with fundamental programming concepts, frameworks, languages and technologies such as Java, C, .NET, XML, and JSON is required • Experience with agile development methodologies is desirable • Basic computer skills in the following software packages is required: MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Visio. • Effective oral and written communication skills to work with subject matter experts (SMEs) and business partners within the University to elicit the information necessary for project technical design. • Deadline driven • Team player; professionalism and self-confidence • Exceptional learner of new technologies and processes Required Experience We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We are a VEVRAA Federal Contractor.