It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they are doing! _We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business._ Job Description HAMILTON - Technical Product Support Specialist - (CNX00054272) Description Technical Product Support Specialist Are you looking for a rewarding career with the opportunity for growth and development? Well, you've found the right company. Our company is fanatical about its customers and employees, we are disruptive in the marketplace and hire people with varying backgrounds to ensure we are constantly tenacious in our pursuit of excellence. We value knowledge, openness and transparency and we are committed to communicating at all levels and supporting you in your success! We are 100% customer service focused, we want to give customers the best solution the first time by researching their concerns, giving options and resolving their issues all while providing the best service in a super chill way. If you are the 'go to tech person' for friends and family, you love solving technical problems, you're all about the customer and you're looking for growth opportunities in roles like quality, training, team leader and much more, apply today and work on our premiere team. Perks: Above average starting wages, $14.50/hour. Potential to earn up to $16.50/hour within one year. Hours of operations: 8am - 11:30pm 7 days a week. Benefits – vision/medical @ 6 months. Incentives as soon as you start taking calls. Employee engagement. Work Perks/Discounts. RRSP Matching Program. Key Qualifications Minimum 1 year contact centre expertise and proven technical ability Minimum 1 year experience supporting customers via phone, e-mail, chat Passion for customer service and ownership of the customer experience including comprehensive issue resolution Able to effectively tailor communication and style to differing audiences Able to self-manage and work independently in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment Thrives on a team where expertise is shared and feedback is welcomed Effective time management including ability to multi-task, organize and prioritize Able to research and grasp technical information across multiple tools while talking with customers Aptitude for acquiring skills in technical troubleshooting and an eagerness to learn and take on new challenges Additional Requirements Available to attend 6 weeks of required training on a fixed schedule that may include weekends. Flexible to work between the hours of 8:00am and 11:30pm including weekends and holidays, with the possibility to flex up or down hours depending upon business needs. Successful completion of a pre-employment assessment and background check. Successful completion of initial training. Ability to meet minimum typing speed of 26 WPM while talking with customers Effectively prioritize and manage your time Excellent verbal and written communication skills Concentrix is an equal opportunity employer. Concentrix evaluates qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, disability status or any other legally protected characteristic .