Title: Database Analyst Location: Minnetonka, MN Department: Vusion Trimble Transportation Mobility (TTM) The Transportation Mobility Division of Trimble exists to make the roads safer, greener and better for everyone. Our employees bring this to life through imagination, teamwork and a true passion to disrupt the status quo and drive the future of the industry. By using innovative thinking and technology, we create software solutions that protect fleet drivers and the people out on the road. We share a relentless ambition to find new ways to improve a fleet’s bottom line, while making the world a greener place. Join some of the most brilliant minds in the transportation field, working together, to make a difference for our customers and the communities we serve. Position Overview Vusion, a division of TTM, is expanding its technology organization and is looking for an individual with strong technical foundation and willingness to learn to join an exciting, high-growth environment. The ideal candidate will be comfortable supporting the suite of Vusion environments and applications with existing tools while providing constructive feedback on new tools. The Database Analyst will be responsible for the maintenance, performance, support, and stability of Vusion’s production environments. This role will participate in all support and monitoring activities with high focus on TSQL development and troubleshooting. 75% SQL Server Data Investigation and Manipulation (TSQL) 15% Application Support 10% Incident Management Required Skills: 2+ years MS SQL/TSQL Development Experience 1+ years Design of Database objects and relational tables and stored procedures 1+ years Microsoft SQL Server performance tuning Familiar with production Change Management process Effective communication (written, verbal and listening), organization and time management skills. Preferred Skills: Experience with production environment monitoring and tuning in a 7x24 environment Production support experience including on premise MS SQL Server and MS Azure environments Data integration and ETL experience Strong organizational skills to handle changing priorities, tight schedules, and correction of critical systems outside of normal working hours Working knowledge of Tableau Trimble Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, age, color, religion, national origin, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws, or any other protected factor. EOE/M/F/V/D