Take your career to new heights. Come join us at MORI Associates and help us support the most exciting projects at NASA/Johnson Space Center. As a Jr Systems Administrator you will be part of a dedicated team of diverse professionals creating and supporting cutting edge solutions for our client’s critical missions. MORI is a mid-sized nationwide company founded in 1997 with the ideals that creating an agile organization full of innovative and passionate people will progress science and technology for all life on earth. We focus on offering a complete range of services from strategic consulting to the development of Information Systems and providing advanced engineering solutions. Now, let’s see if this opportunity is the right challenge for you. POSITION DESCRIPTION The Infrastructure and Operations Section (IOS) Jr. Systems Administrator will provide engineering, implementation, and maintenance of a server and storage infrastructure. The ideal candidate is team oriented with strong interpersonal and communication (verbal and written) skills. Candidate must be self- motivated and customer focused with excellent communication and time management skills. Essential Functions are as follows: Perform system administration duties on Windows servers and Linux servers. Analyzes, designs, develops, tests, installs, configures, operates, patches, secures, maintains, and administers IT, or application/software systems . Responsible for a variety of duties such as; design, development, installation, maintenance, and administration of complex devices and systems; or analysis, design, development, installation, configuration, operation, maintenance and administration of IT hardware and software components and systems; or design, development, modification, testing, and implementation of software programming applications including web applications. Proficient technical knowledge of commonly used concepts, practices, and procedures within the IT domains. Participate in technical test reviews and analysis of developed and implemented systems. Relies on experience and pre-established guidelines to perform functions of the job. Follow and enforce system administration best practices. Contribute to the best practices effort by documenting new standards as needed; attention to detail is critical. Responsible for the accuracy and timeliness of projects published/released. Follow and monitor project/maintenance schedules and meet project/maintenance deliverable. Meet with team leads to ensure coordination of project/maintenance goals, objectives, priorities, status, and concerns; reporting also required. Works under an immediate supervisor. Must have the ability to adapt to a fast paced environment. Must possess a high degree of initiative and self-motivation Perform other duties as assigned. This position requires US Citizenship. BS degree in computer science (or related) with one year of experience or an Associates degree in computer science (or related) with three years of experience; all experience must be relative to the position including experience with a variety of operating systems including Microsoft client/server operating systems or variety of Linux operating systems. Windows Server 2008 and 2012 experience or Linux/Unix experience is required. Must have a demonstrated proficiency in system administration, system testing, and maintenance implementation. Must have the ability to analytically solve problems that may arise and determine preventative measures. Applicant must be willing and able to work weekends and/or evenings as projects demand Desired Specify:Industry Standard Microsoft, Linux, Unix, Cisco and/or WMWare Certifications