We have a new opening for an innovative Big Data System Infrastructure Engineer. You will apply your knowledge and experience in the development and improvement of our high performance and Big Data Intensive (e.g. Hadoop/Spark) compute infrastructure in AWS Cloud. Who we are Since 2006, 23andMe’s mission has been to help people access, understand, and benefit from the human genome. We are a group of passionate individuals pushing the boundaries of what’s possible to help turn genetic insight into better health and personal understanding. What you'll do Provide solutions for the design and implementation of Hadoop EMR Cluster/ Big Data Infrastructure. Deploy and maintain Hadoop/Big Data/Spark and database storage Infrastructures in AWS cloud. Monitor installation of HDFS/Hadoop/Spark and related software releases, third-party utilities with emphasis on overall system performance. Monitor and implement Sumologic ( similar to Splunk) and/or other performance/monitoring technologies. Troubleshoot and determine root cause of complex data provenance, metadata issues and engineering questions that may involve interfacing with various technical staff in multiple organizations and with differing levels of expertise. Investigate, evaluate, test and recommend technical solutions for future systems. Develop tools and procedures to monitor and automate system tasks on servers and clusters. Solve abstract and highly complex data issues and user questions. 24X7 rotational support. What you'll bring Experience with AWS/Cloud Big Data computing design, provisioning, and tuning. Significant experience with and knowledge of Big Data technologies such Hadoop, Spark, HBase, HDFS, Presto, Apache Phoenix, different data file formats, NoSQL engines. Knowledge of scripting and programming languages such as Python, Java, Scala, bash/csh/ksh. Good verbal and written communication skills necessary to effectively collaborate in a team environment and present and explain technical information and provide advice to management. Substantial knowledge / experience in one or more of the advanced areas: local, parallel and distributed file systems, SQL/NoSQL database systems and IaaS technologies, data modeling. Expert communication, facilitation, and collaboration skills necessary to present, explain, and advise senior management and/or external sponsors. Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, or a related field, or the equivalent combination of education and related experience. Related AWS certification, preferred About Us 23andMe, Inc. is the leading consumer genetics and research company. Our mission is to help people access, understand and benefit from the human genome. The company was named by MIT Technology Review to its “50 Smartest Companies, 2017” list, and named one of Fast Company’s “25 Brands That Matter Now, 2017”. 23andMe has over 5 million customers worldwide, with ~85 percent of customers consented to participate in research. 23andMe is located in Mountain View, CA. More information is available at www.23andMe.com ( https://www.23andme.com/ ). At 23andMe, we value a diverse, inclusive workforce and we provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to an individual’s race, color, sex, gender identity, gender expression, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you are unable to submit your application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at accommodations-ext@23andme.com ( accommodations- ext@23andme.com ). 23andMe will reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities to the extent required by applicable law. Please note: 23andMe does not accept agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Thank you.