Job Information Job Summary: The Systems Administrator is responsible for developing, implementing and maintaining technologies for the University of Chicago Booth School of Business (Chicago Booth). The environments include Microsoft Windows, Linux, and VMware. The Systems Administrator keeps abreast of technology trends and information and recommends appropriate hardware and software upgrades. Responsibilities: The Systems Administrator’s responsibilities include: Supporting VMWare, Windows Servers, Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange, and Office 365 Evaluating, installing and configuring new hardware and software Answering technical inquiries and assisting users within established service level agreements Monitoring and tuning system performance Participating in special projects Analyzing system logs and identifying potential issues Troubleshooting reported problems Applying operating system updates, patches, and configuration changes Performing routine audits of systems and software Documenting technical environment and system configuration Creating, updating, or deleting user accounts Additional Requirements Education, Experience or Certifications Education: Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field required. Experience: A minimum three years of systems administration experience required. Experience managing networked servers with knowledge of system utilities, hardware installation, switches, firewalls, networks, and operating/application system installation required. Experience in a multi-platform network environment including mail server and client support, RDP, VPN and Cloud environment support. Technical Knowledge or Skills: Expertise with system administration issues in a large and complex server environment required. Knowledge of backup technology, monitoring and other automated systems management technologies required. Outstanding deductive and investigative skills to identify and diagnose complex, technical problems required. Excellent written and verbal communications skills required. Ability to work well with others and in a team environment required. Ability to work independently and take initiative required. Ability to quickly learn new techniques, concepts, and procedures required. Integrity and credibility to work with sensitive data required. Required Documents: Resume Cover letter Note: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application. Benefit Eligibility Yes Pay Frequency Monthly Pay Range Depends on Qualification Scheduled Weekly Hours 37.5 Union Non-Union Job is Exempt? Yes Drug Test Required? No Does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job? No Health Screen Required? No Posting Date 2018-05-14-07:00 Remove from Posting On or Before 2018-11-14-08:00