About Narrativ Narrativ [https://narrativ.com/] is a NYC-based, NEA-backed tech startup that is building a better internet for shoppers. We do this with machine learning technology that rewires links at massive scale so that: Advertisers unlock a $25B monopoly by converting Amazon’s static link empire into a competitive CPC marketplace Publishers get paid like Google rather than like a coupon site. Narrativ boosts yield 4X on link inventory with competitive bidding in content. Consumers find what they want at the best prices online and will never land on an out of stock or 404 page. With more than one billion links rewired, Narrativ partners include Conde Nast, New York Magazine, Ulta Beauty and Nordstrom. We launched out of stealth in August 2017 and are on pace to deliver $600M in advertiser revenue in 2018. In June 2018, The World Economic Forum honored Narrativ as a Technology Pioneer for our commitment to digital sustainability. The Job Narrativ is looking to hire a data scientist whose work will improve the products and technology solutions that continue to drive higher revenues for our partners and make it easier for consumers to find the best products at the best prices. As a technology company that powers more efficient advertising and marketing, we collect large amounts of data. We feed this into our real time bidding system and use it to match products across retailers so that our users have seamless shopping experiences online. In this role, you will be expected to explore the data we have collected, present key findings about the data to relevant stakeholders, develop models that explain trends in the data, and help use those models to build new features into our products. You will be our first data scientist, so you’ll have the opportunity to help define what that role looks like in a tight and talented team. Core Responsibilities Include: Explore and visualize clickstream and product data Develop models and theories to explain trends in the data Design and execute experiments to question assumptions and validate theories Clean, analyze, and select data to achieve project goals Build production systems using modeling or machine learning to exploit data trends and track impact over time; ability to accurately determine cause & effect relationships Present clear proposals and results that combine data and actionable solutions Ensure data quality through the processes of sourcing, collecting, normalizing, transforming and aligning/mapping through all stages of data acquisition. Collaborate with colleagues on the engineering and business teams to improve our data querying infrastructure for both off and online use cases. Requirements Relevant degree with academic experience in high level math or statistics. Proven track record of data dives that discover hidden patterns or enable error/deviation analysis a huge plus. 5+ years experience using various machine learning techniques to model large data sets and knowledge of the parameters that affect their performance Proficiency in command line usage and Python to implement models Ability to work independently on data exploration and visualization tasks Motivation to achieve results in a dynamic, fast-paced environment Exceptional level of organization and strong attention to detail Why Narrativ? We offer incredibly competitive salaries and cover 100% of health, dental and vision. We are challenging monopolies and architecting a new business model for media- the work you do here will have meaning We are a profitable company that is growing rapidly without throwing cash out the window. We have weekly happy hours, monthly company outings and our Slack meme game is the best in the business We are committed to making a societal impact by building sustainable technology to EndThe404 [https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2018/06/end-the-404-broken-links-rotting-web] and open-sourcing many of our projects to contribute to the broader digital community.