AutoCAD, Web Software Architect 18WD29605 Americas-United States of America-California-San Francisco AutoCAD, Web Software Architect Location: San Francisco, CA- United States Job ID: 18WD29605 Position Overview As a Software Architect working in the AutoCAD Web team, you will be building AutoCAD for web using JavaScript, Typescript, React, Redux and latest web browser technologies. You will design and build a development platform for building web-based CAD applications, build efficient and reusable front-end abstractions and systems, identify and address performance bottlenecks and push the envelope on cutting edge web browser technologies and front-end engineering best practices. The Web Software Architect will be responsible for the features on the Web engineering domain in the AutoCAD product line. They will also provide insight / feedback / recommendations regarding the development, performance, capabilities, and future potential of assigned software projects. You will join a team of software development professionals who take pride in delivering products that reach hundreds of thousands of customers, generate hundreds of millions of dollars in annual revenue, and create tools used in the Building, Mechanical and Infrastructure industries. Responsibilities Define and drive the product/technology’s strategic direction from a technical perspective, serving as both an information resource to executive management regarding existing performance/capabilities, and as the product/technology’s “visionary”, providing executive management with a grasp of its future capabilities and technical potential Comprehensive responsibility for the product/technology’s overall architecture to include ongoing reengineering and modification of the existing architecture and for creating and developing architectural advances to accommodate future features and capabilities while maintaining architectural adaptability. Evaluate the feasibility of alternative directions in future architecture/platform development through the creation of models and prototypes. Ensure that the architecture achieves the desired quality attributes such as security, scalability and resilience, from the end system, product, service or module Provide strategic and tactical direction to the product/technology’s systems development team. Create technology roadmaps, making assertions about technology directions and determining their consequences for the technical strategy and hence architectural approach. Work with tech leads to communicate technical direction to developers Guide the product/technology’s performance management team in identifying performance issues, consulting with technology leads regarding work priorities and systems performance cost – benefit analysis. Evaluate identified pre-release performance issues and consults with Project Management regarding the business impact of delaying the product versus the technical impact of repairing it Team with Project Management regarding future platform and technology issues and the effect of decisions on current and future projects. Proposes the creation and/or development of advanced foundational architecture that will enable future feature expansion. Explores the feasibility of product/technology modifications through new releases in response to identified user needs/interests/priorities and/or competitor capabilities. Provide consulting support in the identification and development of competitive product strategies to maintain and enhance product differentiation in the market place Align the technical direction with business needs, leading the team to make the correct compromises between short-term business opportunity and long-term technical vision Work with legal to formalize licenses or other relationships Mentor new developers on new technologies and career paths (May) participate on standards committee or board (May) develop, identify or promote technology patents to protect the company’s intellectual property Minimum Qualifications B.S. or M.S. degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field 6+ years of professional software development experience Industry experience of delivering at least 2 major software title releases Experience with design, architect & developing web applications and components Software development experience in a web and cloud environment, using JavaScript Experience with Agile/Scrum development methodologies Strong written and communication skills Superb skills in supporting other developers Experience in working on software projects across different geos and time zones Formal training in software engineering Experience with modern web development frameworks (Node, React, Redux, Angular) is a plus Experience with Test Driven Development and continuous delivery Experience with AWS is a plus Familiarity with CAD software (Architectural, Mechanical, or Civil design) preferred About Autodesk With Autodesk software, you have the power to Make Anything. The future of making is here, bringing with it radical changes in the way things are designed, made, and used. It’s disrupting every industry: architecture, engineering, and construction; manufacturing; and media and entertainment. With the right knowledge and tools, this disruption is your opportunity. Our software is used by everyone - from design professionals, engineers and architects to digital artists, students and hobbyists. We constantly explore new ways to integrate all dimensions of diversity across our employees, customers, partners, and communities. Our ultimate goal is to expand opportunities for anyone to imagine, design, and make a better world. At Autodesk, we're building a diverse workplace and an inclusive culture to give more people the chance to imagine, design, and make a better world.