We are searching for a Security Architect. In this position, you’ll be responsible for ensuring the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of Security information assets, and protecting them from unauthorized disclosure, modification, and destruction. This position will develop and promote the Information Security Strategic Plan and Information Security Policies, audit compliance with Security Policies. This role will be primarily responsible for reviewing all technologies (not just security technologies) that security team is responsible for, such as risk assessments, finding security gaps, and making technical security recommendations. This person would also help draft technical security standards. Think you’ve got what it takes? Responsibilities Job Responsibilities: Leads in identification, design, documentation, configuration & troubleshooting as well as ongoing maintenance of security technology architectures. Plan, research, and design robust security architectures based on current security best practices and industry frameworks. Prepare and document security standards and protocols for products and architectures, both cloud and on-premise. Lead and assist in security technology projects. Write comprehensive reports including security assessment-based findings, outcomes and propositions to further system security enhancement. Participate in application and infrastructure projects to provide security planning and guidance. This position will be responsible for provide security architecture guidance for cross-organization needs and designing solutions that meet organizational requirements while maintaining confidentiality, integrity and availability of information and systems. Create Security Architecture Specifications for multiple Information Security Domains including but not limited to; Governance, Cloud, Application, Network/Wireless, Collaboration. Collaborate directly with the network team, infrastructure team, and other IT teams to develop recommendations concerning security architecture. Qualifications Bachelor's degree in computer science, information assurance, or a related field. Four years of related experience may be substituted for Bachelor's degree. 7 years of experience in information security. Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) certification is preferred. SysAdmin, Audit, Network, and Security (SANS) certification is preferred. Knowledge of technical platforms and network/communication systems. Analyze complex technical problems and communicate solutions to diverse audiences, including executive management, technicians, and end-users. Risk analysis of computer network systems and applications with Management level reporting. Government and regulatory guidelines such as PCI, GLB, SarbOx, HIPAA. Analyze complex technical problems and communicate solutions to diverse audiences, including executive management, technicians, and end-users. Operate independently within the framework of security policies and procedures. EXPERIENCE IN: Application Security Cloud Security EndPoint Detection IDS/IPS Specialization in 2 or more following areas: HIPAA PCI Wireless/Mobility Remote Access Company Profile Since 1954, Texas Children’s has been leading the charge in patient care, education and research to accelerate health care for children and women around the world. When you love what you do, it truly shows in the smiles of our patient families, employees and our numerous accolades such as being consistently ranked as the best children’s hospital in Texas, and among the top in the nation by U.S.News & World Report as well as recognition from Houston Business Journal as one of this city’s Best Places to Work for ten consecutive years. Texas Children’s comprehensive health care network includes our primary hospital in the Texas Medical Center with expertise in over 40 pediatric subspecialties; the Jan and Dan Duncan Neurological Research Institute (NRI); the Feigin Center for pediatric research; Texas Children’s Pavilion for Women, a comprehensive obstetrics/gynecology facility focusing on high-risk births; Texas Children’s Hospital West Campus, a community hospital in suburban West Houston; and Texas Children’s Hospital The Woodlands, a second community hospital opening in 2017. We have also created the nation’s first HMO for children, established the largest pediatric primary care network in the country and a global health program that is channeling care to children and women all over the world. Texas Children’s Hospital is also academically affiliated with Baylor College of Medicine, one of the largest, most diverse and successful pediatric programs in the nation. To join our community of 13,000 dedicated team members, visit texaschildrenspeople.org for career opportunities. You can also learn more about our amazing culture at infinitepassion.org.