Shire is the leading global biotechnology company focused on serving people with rare diseases and other highly specialized conditions. We have best-in- class products available in more than 100 countries across core therapeutic areas including Hematology, Immunology, Neuroscience, Lysosomal Storage Disorders, Gastrointestinal / Internal Medicine / Endocrine and Hereditary Angioedema; a growing franchise in Oncology; and an emerging, innovative pipeline in Ophthalmics. Our employees come to work every day with a shared mission: to develop and deliver breakthrough therapies for the hundreds of millions of people in the world affected by rare diseases and other high-need conditions, and who lack effective therapies to live their lives to the fullest. A subsidiary of Shire, BioLife is an industry leader in operating high quality plasmapheresis centers throughout the United States. At BioLife Plasma Services, we excel at caring. Caring for the quality of our lifesaving services, caring for the donors who help make it happen, and caring for the communities we call home. Improving Lives. Improving life for everyone. BioLife's employment opportunities are among the best, offering competitive pay, immediate benefits, paid time off, on the job training, advancement potential AND an environment full of fast-paced fun all while working to save lives. Monitor waiting room for children whose parents/guardians are donating plasma and provide a safe and clean environment. Child Experience: Perform ID card and child/parent coordination for services related to supervised waiting room. Maintain and monitor child attendance log. Plan for and provide appropriate activities for each age group. Maintain effective communication with management to ensure safe and clean supervised waiting room. Provide a clean and safe atmosphere for children through continuous monitoring and multi-tasking when room has more than one child. Coordinate replacement for breaks. Compliance and Safety: Perform daily maintenance of room, toys and play surfaces. Perform universal precautions and wear appropriate PPE when caring for child/children. Report suspected child abuse, of any form, to Management. Follows guidance through Playroom Training on child illness and behavioral concerns. Complete the Supervised Playroom Statistic sheet daily and turn into Management quarterly. Qualifications Essential: High School Diploma or equivalent required. Desired: Previous childcare experience desired. Responsible for providing exceptional customer service to donors (external) and fellow employees. (internal) Refers to center management team for all abuse/neglect concern. (Internal) Regularly monitors and determines if child is able to utilize the supervised playroom. Reports to Plasma Center Manager. (Internal) Consults center management teams to effectively problem solve, ensure safety of staff and donors, and provide an exceptional customer experience. (internal) Supports the center management team in identifying operational opportunities for continuous improvement, initiating changes to center processes as needed, through use of company approved procedures (including but not limited to 5S, Value Stream Mapping and Kaizen). Frequently lifting up to 26 lbs.; occasional lifting up to 50 lbs.