As an Angular2+ Developer you will have the opportunity to be part of digital transformation while being surrounded by people who are passionate about building modern applications that leverage the industry’s leading technologies. You will learn our client’s business, organization, systems, challenges and goals, and then utilize that knowledge to work with a team to deliver exceptional results. Day-to-day, you will: Deliver exceptional client results and project success Consistently develop and deliver high-quality, low-defect features on schedule Lead by example through the implementation of challenging and complex components Ensure quality through adherence to technical best practice, mentorship, feedback and paired programming About Avanade Avanade leads in providing innovative digital services, business solutions and design-led experiences for its clients, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Our professionals combine technology, business and industry expertise to build and deploy solutions to realize results for clients and their customers. Avanade has 27,000 digitally connected people across 23 countries, bringing clients the best thinking through a collaborative culture that honors diversity and reflects the communities in which we operate. We welcome all, and seek talented individuals who can bring their whole self to work, build inclusive teams and encourage diversity inside and outside the organization. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation. Learn more at www.avanade.com Qualifications Your technical and Business skill set likely includes programming experience in the following: Strong development funcatmentals, including OOP Angular2 or later TypesScript JavaScript HTML5 CSS Node.js Client facing experience You likely have a Computer Science degree or equivalent background and 2 or more years of web development experience. MUST be available to potential MON – THUR travel schedule as needed Strongly desired: Experience in in visualization (charts (D3, highcharts etc), spatio-temporal / GIS) Experience with RESTful Web Services Experience in Azure, AWS, or Google Cloud Personable, enthusiastic, strong communicator, and are detail oriented. Avanade® Is An Equal Opportunity Employer. Avanade prohibits discrimination and harassment against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, veteran, military or marital status, genetic information or any other protected status. Requisition ID - 55488 Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud-enabling services, business solutions and design-led experiences, delivered through the power of people and the Microsoft ecosystem. Majority owned by Accenture, Avanade was founded in 2000 by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has 30,000 professionals in 24 countries. Visit us at www.avanade.com.