Job Description: Assist in the planning, coordination and implementation for internal security organizations to regulate access to data files and prevent unauthorized modification, destruction or disclosure of information. Responsibilities: Perform security, compliance, and risk assessments on projects throughout project lifecycle using SDLC, waterfall or RUP methodologies Lead information security review of new technologies, designs, and remediation planning efforts Maintain visibility inside and outside of info security, interfacing with groups such as billing ops, application support, engineering ops, finance, legal, privacy, risk management, etc. Investigates and/or leads identifying security needs and recommends plans/resolutions. Implements, tests and monitors info security improvements Support info security policy lifecycle throughout, including intake, creation, review, approval, implementation, publishing, communication and maintenance Lead security projects driven by groups both internal and external to info security Mentor peer analysts, in enterprise solution design, SDLC, facilitation and effective customer interaction Also responsible for other Duties/Projects as assigned by business management as needed Qualifications: Bachelors’ Degree in Computer Science or Information Technology 4-7 Years in information security technology or related field Strong communication skills Able to create and deliver presentations to internal employees at all levels of the organization Knowledge of digital security/information security technology and practices Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) preferred Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) preferred Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) preferred Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.