Who we are At Criteo, we connect 1.4 billion active shoppers with the things they need and love. Our mission is to create an open, transparent and fair marketing ecosystem. With more than $600 billion in annual commerce sales and 600 terabytes of daily shopper data, we deliver performance at scale. And, with over 30 offices across the world, our company DNA is truly international. Do you want to have an impact on more than half of the world’s internet users? Join us and be part of something big. Do you enjoy working on real-world business problems that can be solved using data? It’s not just about crunching numbers – we work with cross-functional business units and transform business problems into business solutions through the use of data. We use these statistics to tell stories that are used to make strategic decisions. As a Data Analyst in the Customer Experience & Strategy team you will be working closely with the largest Mid-Market clients to optimize their campaigns, present actionable insights, and answer challenging analytical questions. This role involves dealing with a considerable amount of complex, real-world data and requires a candidate who is comfortable thinking of new and innovative ways to analyze data and solve problems. The ideal candidate will be able to properly convey the business impact of their analysis to both technical and non-technical audiences. What will you do? Develop a deep knowledge of Criteo’s technology, products, and position in the marketplace Partner with internal stakeholders to determine opportunities to have a positive impact on client performance Manage controlled A/B test design, execution, analysis and presentation of results Collaborate with cross-functional business units to provide strategic recommendations to the commercial teams. Act as a business partner to strategic leadership teams, to help drive client strategy and direction. Effectively communicate complex analysis to multiple levels of stakeholders. Identify and develop innovative analysis to address business challenges and client needs. Who are you? Bachelor’s degree or higher in a quantitative field (Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Business, Economics, etc.) 2+ years of advertising technology/related industry experience OR a proven track record of working with complex big data and communicating with business stakeholders Proficiency in SQL, Tableau & Excel (experience with Python, R, Hive/Hadoop is a plus). High level of comfort in working directly with Criteo’s customers or prospects. A data visualization expert – someone who can take a business question and visualize the results to impactfully tell a story with data. The ability to work in a fast-paced environment, which often requires the ability to manage multiple projects and priorities. Outstanding analytical, interpersonal and communication skills. Ability to present analytics to a wide range of constituents in a relatable and understandable manner. Ability to participate in project scoping and planning for a large program of work. LI-BD1 At Criteo, we dare to be different. We believe that diversity fuels innovation and creates an energy that can be seen and felt all over Criteo. We champion different perspectives and are committed to creating a workplace where all Criteos are heard and feel a sense of belonging. Criteo collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Criteo's recruitment related activities. Consequently, Criteo may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants. Your information will be accessible to the different Criteo entities across the world. By clicking the "Apply" button you expressly give your consent.