Position Summary: The New York County District Attorney's Office (DANY) has an opening for an Analyst for its Counter Terrorism Program. DANY's Counter Terrorism Program investigates domestic and international threats to the citizens of New York with an emphasis on disrupting those individuals who recruit and inspire others to engage in acts of terror, and those who finance terrorist activities. The Analyst will work closely with NYPD and federal law enforcement agencies, and will be responsible for assisting with data- collection, organization, and analysis. Additionally, the Analyst will perform various other administrative and investigative functions including creating and presenting briefings on related case and subject matter topics. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Read and review ISIS propaganda posted online. Review written and verbal communications, social media posts, and other documents. Prepare transcripts from recordings. Compile and analyze data into reports, spreadsheets, charts, and a variety of documents for use in presentations. Create and maintain various in-house databases, filing, and records management systems. Perform a variety of administrative and executive support tasks including preparing agendas and collecting materials for meetings, speeches, and conferences. Perform a full range of investigative duties. Special projects as assigned. Perform related tasks as assigned by supervisor. Qualifications: Excellent organization, communication, writing and creative problem solving skills are essential; must be detail oriented. Proficiency with data collection and analytical/web-scraping software. Proficient in presentation software such as PowerPoint, Photoshop, Avid, Premiere, and other presentation software. Must possess a general fluency with computer applications and electronic devices and a readiness to quickly learn about and adapt to rapid changes in technology and computer systems. Must have the ability to effectively communicate investigative results to others and be very comfortable giving briefings and presentations. Ability to work with a high level of confidentiality and diplomacy. Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of staff, various institutions, regulators, and law enforcement agencies to build institutional relationships. Educational Requirements: Bachelor's Degree required. Preferred Requirements: Fluency in written and spoken Arabic, with an understanding of the nuances between various regional dialects preferred. One year experience in the criminal justice field preferred, specifically in the area of Counter Terrorism initiatives/investigations. Commitment: Two (2) year commitment to the hiring unit. The New York County District Attorney's Office is an Equal Opportunity Employer