Business Analyst II - 18001344 Basic Purpose - The IT Business Analyst role at US Foods partners with our business to define areas of functional need and translate those needs into requirements for project execution. The primary areas of responsibility include: • Understand and document business requirements • Analyze current state and provide gap analysis to support roadmap • Translate business needs into actionable technology requirements • Develop and describe business benefit • Create and cascade reference and training material • Create and execute procedures to ensure quality supportable product Description - ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: Interview and shadow business stakeholders to observe the way that work is done, noting gaps and opportunities for future technology improvements; Create business process documentation using established standards and identify and update related documentation; Attend workshops and document As Is and To Be work process flows. Identify potential process improvements for consideration; Use the best fit development methodology to turn pain points into either user requirements or user stories; create appropriately detailed documentation within the right tool; Considers known problems as well as requested enhancements; Provide data to support business case development; Develop simple user or training documentation and provide one-on-one user support; Provide input into and feedback of testing scripts. Develop and implement data cleansing and environment set-up. Supports QA and business resources during testing effort and refines testing and scripts as needed; Works with the Command Center(s) on production support during warrantee phases. EOE Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Protected Veteran/Disability Status Qualifications - Education/Training: Bachelor’s Degree, preferred. Related Experience: Previous experience in a US Foods IT Business Analyst role, or minimum 2 years' experience in Product Master Data or MDM technology. Specific requirements for this department: Foodservice, CPG or distributor experience a plus; Enterworks MDM or Endeca search tool knowledge a big plus. Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: Excellent written and verbal communication skills; Strong group facilitation skills; Familiarity with project management concepts and tools include waterfall and Agile; Ability to model business process. Familiarity with standard flowcharting tools such as Visio or Lucidchart is preferred; Ability to manage application/product backlogs. Familiarity with JIRA is preferred. Physical Requirements Ability to travel up to 10% per year Primary Location : IL-Chicago Metro-Rosemont Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Job Job Function : Business/System Analyst Job Level : Individual Contributor Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time