Stability meets Agility. With more than $2 billion in revenues, CDK Global (NASDAQ:CDK) is a leading global provider of integrated information technology and digital marketing solutions to the automotive retail industry. CDK Global provides solutions in more than 100 countries, serving more than 27,000 retail locations and most automotive manufacturers. CDK Global’s solutions automate and integrate critical processes from pre-sale targeted advertising to the sale, financing, insurance, parts supply, repair and maintenance of vehicles, with an increasing focus on utilizing data analytics and predictive intelligence. From data scientists to sales and operations experts, we’re hiring to support your growth and ours - Green light your career . This is a senior-level, client facing position that will focus on retail/OEM projects. Must be able to travel 1-2 times per quarter. PMP certification preferred. The Program Manager position is responstbte for generating incremental revenue for CDK Global by development of new product and service offerings for sale to either traditional CDK global clients or CDK business partners. This position will manage projects ranging from multi-million dollar manufacturer programs to multiple smaller projects that target revenue opportunities in the sub million dollar per year range. Employees in this position will be expected to manage P &L; on the programs that they have responsibility for. While this position will not carry any direct reports, the role will be required to direct activities in all areas of CDK (i.e: Product Marketing, Support, Installation and Consulting, Contract Development, Software Distribution, etc.) MAJOR ACTIVITIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: . Identify and analyze potential business opportunities . Analyze potential technological solutions to the differing opportunities . Identify required services for each engagement . Ensure that the appropriate resources (both internal and external) are focused on the initiative(s) . Ensure that the scope of the program and expectations are clearly defined . Develop business models . Manage relationship at program level . Work with internal CDK business units and external CDK business partners to define key business requirements for new application and program initiatives . Prepare program assessments by evaluating program market opportunity against organizaional readiness . Perform program cost analysis based on requirements for management approval . Work with business unit General Managers to manage and control costs of all aspects of program development . Develop project plans for program implementations coordinating all internal and external resources as required . Act as primary CDK contact with business partners on assigned projects . Work with R &D;, Product Management and other internal business partners to ensure that mutually acceptable hardware, software, and network architectures are established and deployed . Organize and manage multiple projects adhering to project budgets and schedules . Manage CDK, customer, and vendor resources and track project deliverables . Provide project status reports which include open issues, budget, resource, and schedule details . Participate, as required, in presentations and discussions with customers . Establish and maintain an effective level of communication with project team members . Assist in developing Business Partner relationships and deployment processes . Maintain a thorough understanding of CDK products, processes, and customer needs REQUIREMENTS: . BS/BA in Business Administration, Engineering, or equivalent experience/education preferred . PMP Certification preferred. . A minimum of 6 years of program/project work experience . Automotive dealership workflow understanding . Experience with project management software . Ability to travel 1-2 times per quarter to client locations . Prior experience in a client-facing role CDK Global knows you have passions outside of work. You have family, friends, sporting events, and lots of things going on. That’s why we offer a comprehensive benefits package to not only take care of you but your family as well. All of our benefits are effective the first day of employment including 401K matching, paid time off to re-energize, donate your time to volunteer in your community, and tuition reimbursement to name a few. CDK Global is an Equal Opportunity Employer; Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled. We believe that diversity in all aspects of business leads to strength.