POSITION SUMMARY The Data Analyst position is responsible for consolidating, sharing and helping to interpret data from several internal business systems and customer- focused products to provide insights to virtually all departments, including our senior management team, customer success team, product management and sales teams. The successful candidate will be able to focus on data quality to ensure the accuracy of reports and dashboards, as well as work through integration challenges when dealing with different data sources, formats and conventions. Primary aspects of the job are: 1\. Working with internal production systems to extract data necessary to report on KPI's and produce operational dashboards. 2\. Working with data extracted for our products to support our customers success team with analyses of individual customer success stories, ROI and future opportunities. 3\. Working with historical consumer activity and demographic data to identify behavioral trends and classifications. 4\. Assist internal users with interpretation of reported data, and provide general support for data integration needs across the organization. Experience in the health care industry is desirable. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND BASIC DUTIES 1\. Produce high quality reports and analytical dashboards, using existing data visualization and reporting tools. 2\. Contribute to and enable a data-driven culture and decision making process. 3\. Be a self-motivated team member who is willing to identify and respond to needs. 4\. Manage time and priorities across multiple initiatives. 5\. Provide documentation on reporting systems, dashboards, etc. 6\. Respond to requests from various departments regarding data integration and reporting needs. 7\. Ability to work in small collaborative teams with minimal supervision. 8\. Maintain and improve technical skills over time, taking advantage of new technologies and methodologies when appropriate. EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/KNOWLEDGE 4-Year Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field 2 + years of data reporting or analytics experience Experience with multiple analytics software packages EO/AA