Site/Program: Client Data Administration Manager Reports To: Client Data Administration Manager Approved Date: November 2015 POSITION SUMMARY: Under the direction of the Director of Client Data Administration (CDA), this position is responsible for supervising the CDA Regional Managers and monitoring the accurate and timely data collection and data entry into the Electronic Health Record System (EHRS), to enable accurate and timely billing of Pacific Clinics services rendered. This Manager provides support to the Clinical Operations and each Division Director of Clinical Programs, by monitoring their data and providing corrective actions and other recommendations to increase their service to claim ratios, avoiding unbilled services where possible. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Ensure that the client related billings data is collected and entered into the EHRS and/or clinical records, accurately and on a timely basis, to support billing and compliance. This data includes, but is not limited to the following: Open/Close client record Financial Screening data (PFI) Set-up of Client Paysources Outcome Measures (OMA) data entry Client data for IBHIS Web Services data exchange with LAC DMH Ensure adequate documentation is obtained and filed for all clients with third-party billing. Ensure the updates are made to the Medi-Cal Eligibility batch files, to reflect new client cases and by removing discharged cases. Support the agency and programs with billing related audits: Internal Chart Audits and External Financial Audit support Prepare IS Void/Correction requests per procedure and monitor site deletion or addition activity. Participate in and maintain ongoing internal audit of sites’ compliance with monthly updated member financial records. This includes 3rd party revenue chart financial requirements. Depending on the program needs and site location, this position may be required to: Monitor the accuracy and timeliness of entering Outcome Measure Data, Community Outreach Services (COS), and other billing or client related data in specific systems. Propose and recommend EHRS system changes and enhancements to support CDA needs. Communicate any identified data anomalies to the CDA Director in a timely manner. Maintain an organized work area and follow Pacific Clinics standards. Provide backup support within the CDA Team when requested. Backup all data entry duties in the event of staff absences and vacations. Attend appropriate site meetings, activities, and staff meetings upon request to provide input towards client data administration, billing procedures, program development and staff training. Attend job related, management, HR training as applicable. Interact with other internal programs, clinical/support staff and external sources such as school or community personnel as applicable. Follow HIPAA policies. Perform all duties and work projects as assigned. Report to work on time and maintain reliable and regular attendance. Model Pacific clinics’ approach, mission and core values in all communication and correspondence. Communicate effectively in a competent and diverse consumer population and promotes favorable interaction with managers, co-workers and others. Maintain the confidentiality of all business documents and correspondence. Ensure the timely submission of all performance appraisals, new hire and termination paperwork and other employee status changes within the division including informing HR of employee leaves of absence, work-related injuries and employee incidents. Effectively and consistently communicate contract and compliance directives to staff. Encourages interactive discussions and maintains an open-door policy. Ensures that all staff within the department are properly educated and informed about matters relating to the agency, department, and division. Provide supervision, training and support to the and staff, as well as program staff that are performing data entry duties that impact claims processing and claims compliance. Coach and develop CDA staff skills and knowledge for career advancement. Maintain data entry accuracy in compliance with the established Client Data Operations Key Performance Indicators (KPIs). Provide Client Data Operations training to program staff, and monitor their adherence to training, for client record documentation that enables billing and compliance, e.g. PFI records, UMDAP records. Standardize CDA workflows and assists in designing program workflows that impact billing, and monitor adherence to these workflows. Design, document, and maintain functional workflows. Ensure effective staffing of all CDA roles and identify issues that interfere with staff effectiveness and provide training, guidance or problem resolution as needed. Identify, communicate with, and hold staff accountable for meeting performance expectations / KPI’s; monitors/appraises the job results and performances and promote a positive, team-oriented work environment. Ensure that assignments are completed in a timely manner and within budget; focus self and others on achieving results. Ensure staff is trained on new work methods in response to new information, changing conditions, or business / KPI issues. Monitor key performance indicators for the CDA Department. Ensure all staff follow the Health Insurance Portability Accountability Act (HIPAA) policy, maintain organized work areas and follow Pacific Clinics standards. Perform other duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS : To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. ORGANIZATIONAL RELATIONSHIPS/INTERACTION: Supervise employees and perform supervisor responsibilities in accordance with the Clinics’ policies, procedures and practices. Initiate and maintain professional interactions and communication with Clinics’ employees and/or others. Work as part of a multidisciplinary team and interact with staff, Supervisors, Department and/or Executive Management. Interacts with all levels of corporate staff and management in various program departments. Position may represent agency at external meetings in the school, communities, and county and/or funding source meetings. Maintain professional and effective working relationships, following all policies and procedures and approaching challenges with a proactive and positive attitude. Develop strong, trusted relationships with colleagues and customers. Leadership Communication – Effectively and consistently communicates contract and compliance directives to staff. Encourages interactive discussions and maintains an open-door policy. Ensures that all staff within the program are properly educated and informed about matters relating to the Agency, program, and division. Relationships and Attitude – Models professionalism by maintaining effective working relationships, following all policies and procedures and approaching challenges with a proactive and positive attitude. Also develops strong, trusted relationships with colleagues and customers. Attendance –Models good attendance by adhering to their regular work schedule and at times working additional or varied hours to accommodate workflow. Problem Solving – Ability to analyze problems and implement acceptable solutions. Confidentiality \- Maintains the confidentiality of all business documents and correspondence Staff Development \- Identifies opportunities to cultivate leadership among all staff, including developing and enhancing mentoring and communications systems to coordinate the promotion of shared learning and best practices among managers. Requirements KNOWLEDGE, SKILL, AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS: Knowledge: Knowledge of use of Windows OP/SYS, MS WORDS, EXCEL, Outlook, etc. Knowledge of the healthcare service claiming workflow, preferably in Behavioral Healthcare using the Welligent EHRS. Basic knowledge of the healthcare claim payors, and the payor waterfall, including third party payors; preferably in Behavioral Healthcare. Knowledge of an Electronic Health Record System (EHRS) used in Healthcare for billing clinical services; preferably in the Welligent EHRS and in Behavioral Healthcare. Skills: Skilled in the use of the Windows file system, as well as Microsoft Word, Outlook, Access, and Excel applications with moderate to intermediate proficiency. Skilled in making decisions; using good judgment; dealing with ambiguity and change; producing high quality, detailed work; deductive reasoning, data analysis, and problem solving. Skilled in multi-tasking; improvising, with a creative approach to problems and obstacles; very detail and results oriented and approaching tasks methodically. Skilled in following through on projects to achieve results; organizing and prioritizing competing deliverables; customer service, by phone and in person. Skilled in professional verbal & written communication. Skilled in managing, leading, directing and supervising staff towards meeting an organization's objectives. Abilities : Ability to analyze problems and implement acceptable solutions; identify issues, recommend appropriate resolution and to ensure corrective actions have been implemented. Ability to prioritize extremely time sensitive documentation submissions; must be flexible, organized, and conscious of these timelines Ability to communicate effectively with a competent and diverse population and promote favorable interaction with managers, co-workers, subordinates and others; both orally and in writing. Ability to adapt and be flexible in a rapidly changing environment; Ability to be patient; accountable; proactive, and take initiative. Ability to work effectively on a team; willingness to learn new topics, systems, and methods. Ability to independently problem solve, as well as analyze and resolve complex issues related to billing; Ability to work effectively and professionally in a multi-task and fast-paced environment with diverse staff and Agency demographics. Ability to effectively organize staff and work; demonstrate departmental leadership; appropriately handle conflict, based on the situation. Ability to develop strong team members and team, including hiring and/or terminating staff. Ability to effectively facilitate and lead efficient meetings, including time keeping, use of agendas and documenting follow-up items. Ability to develop and deliver effective staff training. Ability to take independent initiative, and follow through with minimal direction. Ability to supervise, plan and direct the work of a subordinate staff. Ability to manage financial and personnel resources in such a manner to ensure fulfillment of established goals and objectives. EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE/POSITION REQUIREMENTS : College degree or five (5) years previous data entry experience in health care industry preferably at supervisor or equivalent capacity required. Minimum of five (5) years of experience in areas of staff supervision, recruitment and performance management required Experience working with electronic health systems, including generating reports and identifying system issues claims processing and submission. Must possess a valid California driver's license and maintain an insurable driving record under the clinics' liability policy (if driving two or more times per week on company business) OR if driving is not required, demonstrated ability to use public transportation or other means to travel between sites, if requested. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: While performing the duties of this job the employee is frequently required to stand or sit. The employee is required to use hands to produce records and/or documentation in manual or electronic format. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 5 pounds and occasionally move or lift up to 10 pounds. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to moving mechanical parts and outside weather conditions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. Local business travel is required. SITE SPECIFICS: A review of this description has excluded the marginal functions of the position that are incidental to job performance of the fundamental job duties. All duties and requirements are essential job functions. This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by this employee. The employee will be required to follow any other instructions and to perform any other duties requested by his or her Manager and/or Supervisor. Qualified applicants with arrest and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with Federal, state and local laws, including but not limited to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring.