We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About JUMP JUMP is building the future of urban mobility: shared electric vehicles that are the quickest, most enjoyable, and most empowering way to get around a city. Cheaper than most public transit and faster than cars in traffic, JUMP is a game-changer for local transportation. Founded in 2010, JUMP pioneered dockless bike share and has deployed more than 14,000 bikes in 6 countries. This year JUMP is launching the next generation of e-mobility options in San Francisco, Washington DC, Chicago, and other top tier US markets. Our goal is to transform cities, making them more sustainable, equitable, and livable through electric mobility. To make this vision a reality, we need to grow our team. We place tremendous value on our company’s roots and culture: a mix of ingenuity, controlled chaos, hard work, and sense of purpose. This is a great opportunity to join a rapidly growing team that is shaping the future of transportation. About the Role Operations are the heart of every JUMP system - ensuring our e-mobility vehicles are maintained and charged - exactly when and where our customers need them, 24/7/365. As the Operations Manager, you will work with the Senior Operations Manager to help create and implement operational strategies, refine processes, and drive the innovation that will determine the continued success of not only JUMP in this market, but will lay the blueprint for future JUMP systems everywhere. The Operations Manager role demands a self starting, challenge-seeking problem solver. We’re looking for someone who is process-driven, detail-oriented, and organized, but also excited to roll up their sleeves and get their hands dirty. The role will split time behind a computer and in the warehouse / field, as you will be responsible for owning and refining operational processes. You will report to the Senior Operations Manager. What You’ll Do: Build and staff the operations and/or mechanic team, from defining hiring needs, executing on those needs, and training new team members. Manage scheduling, attendance, and general administration of our operations team. Create a fun, inclusive, and safe work culture. Above all else, you will be responsible to ensure the safety of your team and our riders. Problem Solve. We operate a technology platform and capital assets in dynamic urban environments. All kinds of obstacles, barriers, problems, and snags happen on a daily basis and you must be ready to solve them as fast as they happen. Create & Optimize Process. We are a new company launching a new product in new environments - we not only need to create and constantly optimize our own processes for this operation, but for the many JUMP systems that are to follow in the near future. Balance attention to detail with swift execution - we need to do things quickly, and we need to do them well. Balancing those can be challenging, and this should be a strength. Wear many different hats. This role will have ownership over areas including managing a large and diverse team of field technicians and/or mechanics, overseeing our operations in the field or the warehouse, facilities and vehicle upkeep, workplace safety, parts inventory, charging infrastructure, process creation, project management, etc. Ability to learn new skills and grow with the role. As JUMP continues to expand, this role will be charged with directing and overseeing additional operational processes and projects. What You’ll Need Minimum of 2 years of relevant experience. The ideal candidate will have leadership experience in a fast-paced work environment. Experience solving complex problems, exercising good judgement in ambiguous circumstances, and effectively communicating across a diverse team. Comfortable learning and using new software tools. Strong interpersonal skills. Ability to build relationships, lead a team, manage employees, and create a hard-working but fun workplace Proven to be self-motivated, self-directed, and eager to take ownership of tasks to ensure solution. Black belt in problem-solving. Excellent organization and time management systems for yourself and your team. Valid driver’s license and ability to pass MVR check required (No more than 2 minor violations, and no major violations, in past 3 years) Knowledge or passion for any of the following a plus: the local market, mobility, mechanics, and data/analytics. Equal Opportunity Employer It is the policy of SoBi/Jump to provide employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, creed, ethnicity, national origin, alienage, citizenship status, age, marital status, partnership status, disability, sexual orientation, gender (sex), military status, prior record of arrest or conviction (except as permitted by law), predisposing genetic characteristics, or status as a victim of domestic violence, sexual offenses and stalking, and to maintain an environment free of harassment on any of the above-noted grounds, including sexual harassment or retaliation. SoBi strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply.