QuEST Global is a diversified global engineering services company with elite Fortune 500 OEM customers in the hi-tech sectors of Aero Engines, Aerospace & Defense, Transportation, Oil & Gas, Power & Smart Grid, Healthcare and Communication. QuEST Global has around 10000 professional’s turbo charging our 40+ global delivery centers spread across in continents like - APAC, North America and Europe. The Transportation domain at QuEST Global takes pride of its unique delivery model that helps customers in reducing development costs, shortening lead times, extending capacity and maximizing engineering resource availability. The group focuses in creating an ecosystem of solutions uniting ports, rail and transportation system yards, terminals and all their connection points to enable the most optimized, cost-efficient and environmentally sustainable transportation network. There is a strong emphasis on bringing modern technologies or innovative ways to use technologies to solve the immediate challenges in these markets. Since the globalization process has raised a series of challenges for companies around the world, our management practices are firmly anchored on the cultural pillars that include accountability and ownership, continuous development, customer focus, being intrapreneurial, openness and transparency, passion for engineering, team work and speed. The Transportation team works to strengthen the depth and breadth of engineering service offerings to our customers in terms of engineering software and embedded systems being offered so far. We work to emerge as the most trusted and long-term engineering solutions providers for our customers, we are constantly on the lookout for assets with outstanding engineering capability. Skills/Requirements: Hands-on experience with requirements analysis, design, coding and testing patterns Has experience in engineering (commercial and open source) software platforms and large-scale data infrastructures. Hands-on experience building data solutions using Kafka/Spark, HDFS/Cassandra/NoSQL or comparable technologies. Experience working with cloud computing environments, preferably AWS. Exceptionally strong in Java (5+ years of experience) and Python /Scala/Node.js Exceptional hands-on experience with Talend tool Min. Qualification: B.E/B.Tech/M.C.A Years of Experience – 5+ Years Work Location: Chicago Domain/ Industry Rail/Transportation Job Type (Permanent/ Contract) Permanent/Contract Linguistic Capability: English