The challenge Adobe is seeking a versatile and passionate Quality Engineering (QE) Developer to help strengthen and define quality as part of the Adobe Creative Cloud Products team focused on product engagement features and the tech stack that powers those features. Help us build and extend the automation infrastructure that our engineers use every day to test our extensible multi-platform framework that natively renders the UI for new features in Adobe XD, Photoshop, and many other Creative Cloud products. Ideal Candidate Passionate about Quality Engineering & Test Automation Expert in automated testing of web applications and associated services Expert in Javascript testing frameworks Detail oriented and quality conscious. Self-motivated problem-solver Works well both on his/her own and with small groups and teams Understands when to change direction/technologies, as needed, to address the issues at hand Gets excited about solving large problems for real-world scenarios What you'll do Develop and maintain tooling, api, unit, automation, and performance tests Review Product Requirement Documentation and Technical Specifications to develop test plans Continuously maintain, innovate, and improve automation and test processes Troubleshoot and document clear, concise bug reports as needed Communicate effectively with product owners, developers and quality engineers. Work closely with team to help engineers build out customer features, end-to-end Stay current with the latest test, development, and deployment best practices and share your findings with the team and community What you need to succeed 4+ years of professional development experience / whitebox QE experience Experience writing BDD / TDD style tests based on node and frontend testing frameworks (Mocha, TAP, Jasmine, Selenium, ...) Experience with git / jenkins / docker / npm / node Understanding of supporting APIs, cache layers Experience with testing/using JS frameworks (React, JQuery, etc.) BA/BS in computer science, or equivalent work experience Experience creating and maintaining unit tests and continuous integration. Experience performing Performance testing is a plus Code Coverage or Code Analysis Experience is a plus Demonstrated strength in computer science fundamentals Excellent communication skills Experience leading a QE team is a plus At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age , sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.