A mutually rewarding experience. Work. Realize your ambitions. And realize there’s more to being in business than just making a profit. That’s the Mars philosophy. And the opportunity we offer every one of our Associates. An opportunity to take what you do and make it mean more for you, for those around you and for the planet. What you get here is challenging, interesting work. You get the tools you need to do a great job and you get to have the best possible people on your side to help you do it. And at the same time as getting to find ways to do business better today than we did it yesterday and driving a great career, you also get to build a more enlightened business and drive sustainability. Because it’s never just about a single person, a single project or a single brand. It’s about how you can grab everything that’s within your reach here and use it to pursue mutual, long-term gain. It’s about having ideas. And ideals. Being prepared to risk failure because the promise of success means we’ll all be a little better off. It’s that mix of integrity and ambition that makes Mars such a special place to work. And why working here is always about more than just a job. About Mars, Incorporated Mars is a family-owned business with more than a century of history making diverse products and offering services for people and the pets people love. With almost $35 billion in sales, the company is a global business that produces some of the world’s best-loved brands: M &M’s®, SNICKERS®, TWIX®, MILKY WAY®, DOVE®, PEDIGREE®, ROYAL CANIN®, WHISKAS®, EXTRA®, ORBIT®, 5™, SKITTLES®, UNCLE BEN’S®, MARS DRINKS and COCOAVIA®. Mars also provides veterinary health services that include BANFIELD® Pet Hospitals, Blue Pearl®, VCA® and Pet Partners™. Headquartered in McLean, VA, Mars operates in more than 80 countries. The Mars Five Principles – Quality, Responsibility, Mutuality, Efficiency and Freedom – inspire its more than 100,000 Associates to create value for all its partners and deliver growth they are proud of every day. Role can sit in Chicago, IL or Mt. Olive, NJ Job Purpose: As an increasing number of business activities are conducted in real time, or on an up-to-the-minute basis. IT leaders will need to anticipate and include real-time characteristics in their data Integration architectures. Because access to "up-to-the-minute" or "real-time" information is becoming a critical business requirement, many emergent use cases for generating more business value from an enterprise's information — for example, online channel optimization, advanced analytics and context-aware computing — will require flexible latency in order to make data available for use. The Data Senior Architect develops and maintains data architecture for the organization to enable associate productivity, improve customer experience, and business decision making with accurate, timely, and consistent information, structured and unstructured, internal and external. The role works with enterprise, application and service architects, technology brokers, business partnership, and external service providers, to ensure new capabilities comply with the Data architecture. The Data Senior Architect will be responsible for determining the strategic reference data architecture for all IT initiatives across the MARS business, assist and direct the Core Capability organization in making the right data architectural choices in both tools, data flow and implementation roadmaps. This architect will deliver the Global Master Data Management platform as a single global platform to be leveraged x-applications. Key Responsibilities: Advice on and direct the Core Capability Work closely with the Business Stakeholders and Strategic functional Capabilities organization across the Mars Segments to support their application roadmaps and help with their business processes evolution & optimization. Demand a disciplined approach to data architecture that considers short-term and long term costs and evaluates the benefits and risks for each program. Actively manage guidelines for each data elements (customer, product, vendor…) from their As-Is to the To-Be strategic data landscape with the aim of simplification and improved efficiency Determine and Sign off the data structure every data & application across the Mars Segments for both the SFC and Business Partnership initiatives. Drive the adoption of the strategic Master Data Management platform across Mars to ensure maximum re-use and scale can be achieved. Actively drive the simplification of the Data landscape in working with the Core Services technical architects and drive decommission plans for all non-strategic components of the data architecture. CO-Develop the data Strategy Take ownership of the x-functional Data strategies which will be co-developed with the Core Capabilities (e.g. Product) Build Data Roadmap for the Functional specific data and meta data with his/her peers, defining the key IT strategies and initiatives for the next 3-5 years, in line with the overall Mars IS Strategy. Collaborate with Strategic Functional capabilities to ensure the Data strategy is documented consistently and that local units comply with those strategies. Develop the Data integration Strategy Drive innovation in Master Data Management (MDM) portfolio and develop a longer term view of where the technologies are moving to and how they can be of use at MARS. As the market is changing rapidly in terms of Data integration products, managing this complex and changing environment and define a strategic approach to acquiring, managing and maintaining business data integration Ensure the data integration strategy is communicated and understood by all segments and regions and no separate strategies are developed independent of the corporate application integration strategies. Manage the wider Data and Integration Architecture professionals in MARS Build and manage a virtual network of data architects. Work closely with the Enterprise Architecture function to ensure alignment with the Enterprise Architecture initiatives. Work closely with the Strategic Functional Capability, Core Capability Development team, Core Services Technical infrastructure architects on capacity and infrastructure planning. Context and Scope: This role will support and guide the development and design of solutions in strategic functional capabilities through the provision of guidelines and architectural patterns and strategic technology choices. This role will be the gate keeper for any solution design developed by the development organization and ensures it is designed according to the highest quality standards. It works with the strategic functional capabilities community to design and deploy sustainable technology platforms to ensure data consistency, accuracy and real time exchange. Job Specifications/Qualifications: Education & Professional Qualification: Bachelor’s degree in IT Candidate should have a minimum of ten years of experience in IT, with at least two years in ERP system design Candidate should have in-depth experience in designing and implementing ERP and Cloud solutions Three to five years' experience as a ERP Enterprise Information/Data architect is highly desirable Three to five year of experience in architecture and strategy of BigData, AI/ML and Information Value Streams. Managing Vision and Purpose is critical in ensuring an appropriate and effective communication to key stakeholders Demonstrated Leadership skills, with proven management experience within a matrix organization and experience in monetizing data opportunities. Strong background in the Data management Space. Strong Business Acumen of the FMCG industry and preferably the MARS or Wrigley specifics Expected to define and maintain data governance and audit processes Effective communication skills and ability to work across business organizations Familiar with privacy standards GDPR, PII and necessary controls Schema design in various NoSQL technologies Machine Learning skills a plus Experience with Azure Data Platform Mars is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you need assistance or an accommodation during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request. The company is pleased to provide such assistance, and no applicant will be penalized as a result of such a request.