Lockheed Martin is seeking an International Business Development Analyst Associate for a position in Grand Prairie, Texas. The candidate will be responsible for assisting business development management with planning, strategy development, license and advocacy applications, customer meeting coordination/execution, and business case/capture planning in support of the Tactical Missiles and Combat Maneuver Systems initiatives. Identify and evaluate business opportunities and market trends in pursuit of growth opportunities. Design, conduct, and summarize results of primarily and secondary research efforts and competitive analyses. Assist with the business development input to the program management team’s generation and completion of proposals, Requests for Information (RFIs) and Requests for Proposals (RFPs) Partner with Directors, Senior Program Managers and other team members to manage the development and execution of projects Collaborate with operations analysis, strategic planning, communications, and offset teams to assist with capture management, plans, and execution. Desired Skills: Minimum GPA of 3.0 Prior experience conducting business and marketing research Team Player – effective at organizing and motivating a diverse set of individuals in pursuit of common objectives Must be able to operate and thrive in a fast-paced environment Must be self-motivated and able to operate with minimal guidance and succeed in a highly competitive arena Excellent interpersonal skills 0-2 years of experience in analyzing military and political data to derive actionable insights Prior internship experience in a similar role Ability to understand and interpret customers' needs and requirements and relate them back to programmatic requirements Knowledge of potential customers BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Ability to obtain a security clearance Bachelor’s Degree in International Relations, business, finance, or related field Proficient in Microsoft Office Excellent presentation skills Excellent written communication skills Demonstrated customer relations skills A high degree of flexibility and the ability to travel without restriction Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.