From our Dallas corporate headquarters to our clinics, worksites, and mobile locations, Concentra colleagues remain focused on our driving purpose: to provide superb patient and employer experience by delivering the highest quality healthcare in an efficient, affordable, caring manner. We do this by putting all customers (internal and external) first and by displaying: A healing focus A selfless heart A tireless resolve Position Summary The Business Analyst I responsible for delivering quality customer service and performing daily task management and support. Additionally, this role participates in the quality application testing activities which include test case creation, test plans and actual execution of testing. Documentation of the test results as well as defects identification are also included in the tasks associated with software quality assurance and this business analyst role. The areas of responsibilities include completion of assigned tasks to integrate acquisitions, implement application software, and maintain existing applications. This includes in addition they create new and maintain existing documentation for system processes and procedures. This position must coordinate and communicate with other IS resources who are assigned to support application issues and project tasks. They also work with vendors on application issues and act a liaison between users and vendors to develop requests for additional reports and/or features. The Business Analyst I work under direction with more senior business contacts. Occasionally, the analyst is assigned larger and more complex projects. The business analyst conducts business at the company headquarters during core business hours (8:00 AM CST through 5:00 pm CST every Monday through Friday). Based on business demands, the business analyst I may be required to work increased and weekend hours in order to ensure the success or delivery of critical changes. The Details Assist in the discovery process for change requests associated with application changes. Build process and product/platform knowledge in order to function as a subject matter expert on our supported channels. Participate in the creation of business requirements (Waterfall) and/or AGILE stories associated with application change requests. Participate in the overall software engineering process including process flow, design, functional/non-functional discussions as well as business processes. Assist in the creation and assembly or work schedules (WBS) for the project manager. Share briefings on a variety of change related or production issue items Ensure customer satisfaction by responding in a timely manner to all issues reported to the Help Desk or assigned to them by their direct manager. Ensure that all issues are logged promptly and accurately with detailed up-to-date information. This includes the creation and logging of support tickets as well as AGILE stories for application changes or more formal business requirement documents. Ensure timely escalation of customer problems by documenting the impact to the customer by assigning an appropriate priority and resolution target. Initiate escalation, as appropriate, to ensure management awareness of problems that are severe in nature or that are exceeding documented targets. Review outstanding issues on a daily basis to assure that troubleshooting and resolutions are current. Recognize potential areas where policies and procedures require change, or where new ones need to be developed, especially regarding future business expansion. Submit recommendations as appropriate. Participate in relevant information-sharing activities. Monitor and report on any security violations related to the unwarranted access to corporate data. Help build team spirit by assisting other staff members and promoting a positive workplace. Maintain awareness of the rapidly changing environment and recommend cost efficient techniques. Recognize potential areas where policies and procedures require change, or where new ones need to be developed, especially regarding future business expansion. Submit recommendations as appropriate. Support the mission and direction of Concentra, both within the Information Services department and throughout the corporation. Ensure all changes comply with change management policies and procedures. Testing of upgrades and fixes within defined deadlines. Available to provide on call support, as required. Document business processes. Education/credentials Bachelor’s degree; Information Systems or Business majors preferred. Job-related experience 2 or more years IS experience 1 or more years healthcare experience (preferably in Billing/Revenue Cycle) Previous exposure to Electronic Practice Management systems (preferably GE or Allscripts) Requires superior teamwork skills. Strong interpersonal and communication skills a must; ability to read, write, and speak in a professional manner. Excellent analytical and problem solving skills are essential. Must possess a personal sense of urgency. Ability to effectively multi-task and adapt to changing business priorities. Superior customer service skills. Excellent time management and organizational skills are required. Excellent attention to detail. Large scale multi-site IS operations experience. Job-related skills/competencies This individual will quickly grasp the essence and root causes of an issue. Good at integrating different ideas and points of view. Evolves and matures the current systems and applications architecture as needed. Introduces technology best practices and design patterns. Recognizes when change is required and deals effectively with the uncertainty of change. Able to assess the implications of risks, and uses a variety of tools and approaches to solve complex problems effectively with rigorous logic and creative thinking. Able to simplify complex processes and figure out the steps to get things done in practice. Recognized for the quality of their thinking and ideas, sought out by others for their advice and solutions. Brings to life, support and enthusiasm for the vision with a clear map and milestones. Sets a high performance climate where associates have the opportunity to do what they do best. Finds ways to deploy their strengths and encourages their development. Builds high performing team behaviors with a strong sense of belonging, team spirit and pride. Treats others fairly with trust, dignity, and respect. Embraces diversity by creating inclusive high trust relationships. Has the courage to hold honest candid discussions while being direct and forceful or diplomatic as required. Is skilled at assessing performance and future potential and assembling a high performing team. Does not compromise on talent. Constructs and executes compelling development plans with assignments and metrics that stretch and challenge associates beyond their comfort zone. Holds frequent development discussions and candid, two-way conversations with others about their performance, career aspirations and potential. Encourages lifelong learning. Monitors progress and results, and designs feedback loops into work. Creates focus by evaluating and prioritizing the areas with the greatest impact and eliminating less valuable activities. Focuses on accountability and delivery without blame, pushes and motivates self and others for results. Faces challenge head on. Knows how to get things done through formal and informal channels. Breaks down work into process steps. Develops schedules and tasks. Quickly senses what will help or hinder accomplishing a goal and adjusts for roadblocks measuring performance against goals. Learns from mistakes and seeks and applies continuous improvement. Has the functional/technical knowledge required to do the job and works to keep this knowledge current. Establishes and maintains effective relationships with a wide variety of stakeholders, including internal and external stakeholders. Gains trust and respect through open dialogue. Seeks to understand and anticipate the needs of others, practicing attentive and active listening. Steps up to conflicts by managing them as opportunities, and is able to find common ground and get cooperation with minimum noise. Presents facts in a depersonalized and helpful manner. Represents own interests and points of view while being fair to colleagues. Is able to flex their style to meet the requirements of changing situations and the needs of other people. Seeks feedback for personal learning. 401(k) with Employer Match Medical/Vision/Prescription/Dental Plans Life Insurance/Disability Paid Time Off/Holidays Colleague Referral Bonus Program This job requires access to confidential and sensitive information, requiring ongoing discretion and secure information management. Concentra is an Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/Disability/Veteran.