Software Developer 3 - 18000YXK Preferred Qualifications If you share a true passion for technology, enjoy working together in developing solutions, share ideas and exchange knowledge we want to talk to you. As part of Oracle Commerce Devops team, we operate in flexible environment with continuous learning and innovation to improve automation around infrastructure for ensuring a seamless deployment of a enterprise level commerce application in Oracle Public cloud. Our degree of success is a direct reflection of the strength of our team and you will work closely with our team of developers to develop, implement and maintain industry standard solutions. Department Description: Oracle Commerce is a leading enterprise eCommerce application providing vast eCommerce features such as search, online customer service, personalization, recommendation, promotion and campaign and business users tools for managing catalog enabling selling experiences that drive clicks and conversions for the world’s biggest and best brands. The solution enables businesses selling online to deliver a consistent, relevant, and personalized cross-channel buying experience for buyers. Job Responsibilities: As the DevOps Developer, you will be responsible to: Develop and support Tooling and Infrastructure around deployment of commerce in public cloud. Work with teams to design, build, and deploy service checks, metrics collection, and centralized logging. Assist in implementing scalable monitoring and logging architecture. Actively communicate progress, results and other relevant information to project stakeholders. Engage and Collaborate with stakeholders and peers to continually identify areas for improvement and teams for adoptions Flexible enough in taking up any technical task related to automated deployment and perform necessary coordination with corresponding teams in accomplishing the task. Actively participate in all framework, implementation and process enhancement discussions and provide necessary recommendations. Assess any technical and process issues identified during implementation and timely escalate it with necessary resolution. Required Skills: Experienced Software/DevOps Engineer Minimum 5 years experience in industry with expert working knowledge of DevOps and cloud operational support processes. Experience with Docker, and container orchestration software Familiar with provisioning tools and infrastructure to support Production Operations and Delivery (Chef preferred, Puppet) Experience with scripting languages (Python, Shell scripting preferred) Strong Linux and automation fundamentals Excellent communication and collaboration skills with demonstrated problem solving skills. Demonstrated Java programming experience Experience supporting RESTful web services (Java, Spring, Gradle) Experience supporting JavaScript web applications (Node.JS, Knockout) Experience with Monitoring technologies (Nagios, ELK or similar) Experience with Metrics technologies (Graphite, Wavefront or similar) Experience with Site Performance Technologies (New Relic, AppDynamics, DynaTrace or similar) Experience delivering and supporting software/systems in an Agile development environment In depth knowledge of Alerting, Monitoring and Dashboarding technologies and best practices Detailed Description and Job Requirements Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc. As a member of the software engineering division, you will assist in defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, debugging or designing of software applications or operating systems. Provide technical leadership to other software developers. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture to meet changing needs. Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience. Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.