Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking an analytical, process, detail-oriented Sales Operations Associate who can partner effectively with Sales leadership. The role will be part of the Small & Medium Business team, with a focus on North America. This role will work cross-functionally with several teams at Facebook (including High Value Sales, Outsourced sales, Operations, finance and central analytics), with the objective of enabling sales leadership to make effective, analytically driven, and strategic operating decisions. The primary focus of this position will be to partner closely with sales leadership to identify trends in revenue performance (including drivers like product adoption, vendor program design, staffing etc.), improve efficiency in recurring processes (e.g., sales playbook, goal-setting, reporting), and undertake analyses to proactively identify short and long-term growth opportunities in the North America. The ideal candidate will be passionate about Facebook, view the world through an analytical lens, be interested in advertising, be intellectually curious, learn quickly, and be able to move fast while keeping focused on high-impact projects. This is a full-time position and is located in our Austin, Texas office. RESPONSIBILITIES Understand and highlight daily, weekly, and quarterly revenue trends Lead analysis on performance of various sales programs to drive insights Work with cross-functional partners and drive SMB NA projects with a view of driving revenue growth Support sales teams on medium and long-term planning including launch of new sales programs, resourcing and org design MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS BA/BS in an analytical field (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Business or related field) 5+ years of work experience in Sales Finance, Sales Analytics, Sales Operations, and/or Strategy consulting, or 3+ years experience with MBA/Master’s degree Demonstrated problem solving experience with experience providing business insights and recommendations from data sets Demonstrated experience to present technical content to audiences Stakeholder management experience – including managing multiple partners simultaneously SQL experience PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS MBA or graduate degree in an analytical field Ability to work independently, manage multiple concurrent projects and drive initiatives in a cross-functional environment Experience extracting data from large/complex databases Experience in data visualizations and building scalable reporting tools Knowledge of Salesforce and Tableau