Transcriptic is a robotic cloud laboratory for the life sciences. We design, build, own, and operate a robotic molecular biology lab that scientists from all over the world use remotely over the internet. We are cloud computing for experimental biology. We enable labless biotech companies in the same way that software companies no longer build their own infrastructure. For larger companies, we even support private installations of our technology stack. Whether using us via the internet, or on premise, our customers want to do science the Transcriptic way - through software and automation. Our mission is to move biology to an information science. To do this, we need software engineers that can build an interface to a highly complex robotic cloud system. As a member of our Web team you are responsible for many things at Transcriptic: Building our main customer facing web app, which shows a user the life-cycle of their experiment executing on Transcriptic. This includes launching an experiment, tracking progress, visualizing results, and managing their inventory (test tubes, reagents, etc.). Defining the development environment that for user’s to develop code on Transcriptic Building the user interface to the web app that controls our automated labs. This allows our internal operators to control the lab’s robotics and visualize the complex schedules that those robots follow. Our custom Lab Inventory Management System (LIMS) Figuring out how to automate every last process in a biology lab Basic Qualifications Strong front and back-end experience. Familiarity with dynamic languages 3+ years professional experience Bonus Qualifications Experience building distributed systems, or systems that interface with hardware Experience in the sciences Experience with statically typed languages (especially, TypeScript, Scala) Familiarity with our stack: Rails, Postgres, Redis, Elasticsearch, JSON API, Scala, React, Redux, Javascript, TypeScript Benefits We will be committed to your growth as an engineer. You will learn both the hard and soft skills required to excel in a fast paced, hard tech environment. A multi-disciplinary environment with software engineers, roboticists, and scientists. The opportunity to work with large robots A challenging environment that will give you the opportunity to grow and improve Opportunities to learn new technologies and fields, along with the freedom to work on hard technology and real science Competitive salary and meaningful equity Untracked vacation time. Our employees take time off as needed 100% covered health, dental, and vision insurance for you, and subsidized coverage for your family Paid transit to the office. This may include a CalTrain pass from your starting zone to Redwood City, and an Uber from Redwood City stop to the office (and back). Free membership to a gym of your choice Delivered lunch, catered dinner, and unlimited snacks More information https://www.transcriptic.com/ https://github.com/transcriptic https://www.npmjs.com/~transcriptic http://autoprotocol.org/