The Research Specialist (RS) V provides key research, analytical and reporting functions for the Data Quality and Dissemination (DQ&D) teams, CADS units, management, legislative entities, and HHSC constituents to support policy development and program evaluation. The RS V reports to the Director of the DQ&D Unit in collaboration with the Team Lead. The RS V develops and implements highly advanced research on agency programs such as Medicaid, CHIP, SNAP, and TANF. The RS V applies advanced statistical methods to health and human services (HHS) related eligibility, medical utilization and expenditure data; coordinates project design, planning, statistical analysis, and/or reporting; writes advanced scripts and code for computer based statistics applications. To enhance understanding of HHS agencies, programs and issues, this position prepares a variety of reports, studies, and other deliverables for the administration and policy analysts containing analyses of HHS data, the methods and procedures used, and the relevant sources referenced. The RS V provides consultation and assistance to internal staff and other HHS agencies in developing methods and strategies for more effective reporting of data and analyses. Provides for testing and evaluation of newly developed knowledge, methods, and techniques. The RS V will coordinate the work of others and works closely with HHSC IT to define and develop the data systems necessary to fulfill the functions of the unit. Works under minimal direction with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Essential Job Functions: (35%) Prepares a variety of reports, studies, and other deliverables containing analyses of health and human services data related to Medicaid, CHIP, SNAP, and TANF programs, the methods and procedures used, and relevant sources referenced for the administration and policy analysts, Texas Legislature, Governor’s Office, other state agencies, and special interest groups. (35%) Plans and/or conducts highly advanced research on the agency’s programs. Develops and implements research methods and analytical procedures; assesses validity of statistical methods and/or procedures for appropriate application; applies advanced statistical methods to health and human services related data; coordinates project design, planning, statistical analysis, and/or reporting; and writes advanced scripts and code for computer based statistics applications. (25%) Provides consultation and assistance to internal staff and other HHS agencies in developing methods and strategies for effective reporting of data and analyses. Provides for testing and evaluation of newly developed knowledge, methods, and techniques. Defines requirements for development/modification of agency interface files and tests for accuracy, reliability, and validity. Consults in policy development and revision to determine impact on reporting capabilities and current/future research. (5%) Statewide travel will be required. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Knowledge of scientific research methods, statistical techniques, mathematics, and their application to research analysis. Knowledge of medical record system, or clinical coding practice. Skill in using SAS, SPSS, or other statistical software. Skill in using ACCESS, SQL, or other database management software. Skill in using Business Object query tool is preferred. Skill in using EXCEL or other spreadsheet software. Skill in graphical and tabular presentation of data. Skill in verbal and written communications. Ability to manage, manipulate, and analyze complex databases. Ability to plan, organize, and conduct research projects. Ability to work in teams that may cross departments and/or agencies, and to communicate effectively with team members. Ability to develop and interpret statistical data charts and tables. Ability to interpret and present research findings. Ability to exercise independent judgment and show initiative. Registration or Licensure Requirements: NA Initial Selection Criteria: A minimum of four years college level education or graduation from an accredited college or university in social and behavioral sciences, natural sciences, or related field. Master’s degree or higher preferred. Experience analyzing data using computer software package applications including, but not limited to, SPSS, SAS or SQL. Four or more years work experience with collection, analyses, and/or dissemination of data. College level education and work experience may substitute for each other, up to four years. Work experience with collection, analyses, and/or dissemination of health and/or human services data is preferred. Additional Information: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include: 35F, IT, 23, 02111, 8E000. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. Req ID: 379303 HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.