Techwave Consulting is searching for a dynamic, self-motivated North American Delivery Director with a background in Financial Systems integration. The successful candidate should demonstrate clear leadership and ability to drive diverse teams towards a common objective. Responsibilities: Responsible for effectively initiating, planning, scheduling, estimating, forecasting, coordinating, controlling, managing and delivering all activities for projects and related release initiatives. Serve as the primary conduit between our teams and the client during the integration process. Oversee the day-to-day progress of project(s) and release initiatives with regard to time, budget, scope and quality and apply processes to report release status, key metrics and deliverables. Demonstrate leadership by working with the Client, Integration Engineers and Product Managers to prioritize and refine requirements, assist with client integration efforts, and negotiate internal resource allocation to formulate a release plan. Coordinate inter-project and inter-team dependencies and risks. Manage change by actively communicating with dependent groups. Run post-mortem reviews on all integration projects Requirements: Expertise in the Financial Enterprice Applications domain Bachelor’s degree in technology, business or related field or equivalent combination of education and experience. 10+ years’ experience in working with business and technology stakeholders with sensitivity and commitment to business problem solving via technology solutions. Solid project management skills with ability to multi-task and manage multiple projects in cross-functional environment. Ability to communicate needs and schedules to business stakeholders and technology teams, as well as ensure plans are in place/standards are adhered to. Position will require a level of confidence to hold the line with either clients or with internal teams to provide the highest level of advocacy for the project. Experience in managing projects in a multi-Vendor scenario is a must. Technology background: Prefer to have a candidate who has exposure to the Workday Financial Management platform on integration projects. Should have a strong background on integration technologies (API technologies, IBM IIB, Dell Boomi, Informatica etc.,)