The Systems Administrator will be responsible for administering e nterprise server infrastructure including, but not limited to: hardware, software, operating systems, SAN, load balancing, and backups. Proficiency in Active Directory implementation and design, Exchange Online/Office 365, IIS, TCP/IP, DNS, LDAP, SNMP, network and server security are required. Additionally, a working knowledge of cloud technologies, SQL, PowerShell/scripting, WSUS, SCCM, and VMware is desirable. Essential Functions & Responsibilities Daily review and reporting on the LAN/WAN server infrastructure including: environment stability, log files, data integrity, SAN status, and backup verification. Implement daily administrative procedures with documentation for each project. Administration of Windows servers/workstations, VMware environment, 3PAR SAN, file servers, and other related equipment, devices, and systems commensurate with the enterprise. Perform hardware and software updates/upgrades to infrastructure systems including operating systems, virtual machines, and applications. Design, implement, and administration of Active Directory environment including: schema updates, group policy, and user/computer account upkeep. Administration of on-site and cloud technologies in a hybrid solution designed to support high-availability and disaster recovery. Administration of Exchange Online/Office 365 environment. Administration of enterprise telephony applications including: Avaya IP Office, eFAX, and IVR. Troubleshoot infrastructure systems and applications to identify and correct malfunctions and other operational difficulties. Perform as project lead on IT projects as identified. Provide technical consultation to the enterprise regarding computer hardware, peripherals, and software to satisfy business needs. Evaluate and recommend purchase of equipment, and software. Assist with software licensing tracking and purchasing. Provide documentation of server operating systems, operational procedures, network topology, and hardware inventory. Research, recommend, plan, and implement infrastructure/network security; applying cryptography to network applications; managing host security, file permissions, and file system integrity. In response to newly identified security threats: research, react, and repair all affected systems. Disaster preparedness planning including: ensuring data backup integrity and recovery coordination. On-call responsibilities as part of a rotating schedule. Other duties as assigned. Essential Qualifications Competencies Action Oriented Approachability Composure Customer Focus Decision Quality Functional/Technical Skills Integrity and Trust Learning on the Fly Listening Organizational Ability Organizing Patience Peer Relationships Problem Solving Priority Setting Technical Learning Time Management Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Technical and Functional Strong knowledge of Windows Server 2008 R2, 2012 R2, 2016, DNS, DHCP, and Active Directory domains and configurations. Ability to perform typical advanced server administration and support relating to: upgrades and maintenance of hardware, operating systems, Active Directory, IIS, Exchange Online/Office 365, VMware, LAN/WAN, DNS, TCP/IP, LDAP, DHCP, SNMP, SMTP, and other systems. Ability to identify and resolve computer system malfunctions and operational problems. Must demonstrate knowledge in user administration, Microsoft Office Suite support, all versions of Windows, and general network administrative system utilities. Demonstrated skills in customizing and securing Windows in a networked LAN/WAN, TCP/IP environment. Proficient in administering domain security. Knowledge of computer and/or network security systems, applications, procedures, and techniques. Knowledge and experience in connectivity and communications protocols. Experience with cabling, switches, and routers. Knowledge of appliance based products including F5 and Barracuda load balancers. Strong administrative ability: dependable, organized, and flexible. Self-motivated, able to work independently and with a dispersed team. Proven ability to prioritize and delegate tasks related to an IT project. Good planning and organizational skills. Well-developed interpersonal and communication skills Excellent written and communications skills. Ability to create and write clear, complete documentation of systems and procedures. Budget and cost management skills helpful. Required Physical Abilities Regularly required to sit, stand, walk, reach, bend, and move about the facility. Working Environment Office work environment. Ability to travel. Experience, Education and Certifications Required Experience Required In lieu of a degree, a minimum of 5 years of experience administering a Windows-based TCP/IP WAN environment is required. Required Educational Level Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field with a minimum of 2 years of experience administering a Windows-based, TCP/IP WAN environment. Other Certification: Industry certification such as MCSE/MCSA is preferred. Back Share Apply Now