Job Description: This position is responsible for gathering, analyzing, and creating comprehensive work products documenting requirements, including validation and traceability, for existing and new applications supporting various business channels. This position understands how organizations function to accomplish their purpose, and defines capabilities an organization requires to provide a service or meet their goals. This position facilitates communication between organizational units to align the needs of business units in order to create requirement work products for solution providers. This role plans, directs and completes the analysis of business problems to be solved or product/services to be developed for delivery. This role provides technical assistance in identifying, evaluating and developing systems and procedures that are cost effective and meet user requirements. This role assesses system impacts, provides gap and process analysis as well as cost/benefit analysis for system or product/service related initiatives. Responsibilities: Requires competency in customer focus, change & innovation, strategic thinking, relationship building & influencing, talent management, results focus and inspirational leadership. Elicits and evaluates information gathered from multiple sources, reconciles conflicts, decomposes high-level information into details, abstracts up from low-level information to a more general understanding, distinguishes presented user requests from the underlying true needs, and distinguishes solution ideas from requests. Understands how policies, systems and processes impacts requests/projects. Shares business knowledge and understanding among business systems analysts and project stakeholders. Broker’s consensus among stakeholders with conflicting needs. Facilitates requirement sessions with stakeholders and creates comprehensive work products documenting requirements, including validation and traceability of requests. Utilizes modeling approach to represent requirement information in graphical forms that augment textual representation. Develops a business analysis work-plan to manage own tasks, deliverables, schedule and provides information to stakeholders and Project Management. Depends on other knowledge area BSAs in development of their work-plans. Provides SME leadership and consulting support on complex tasks. Initiate and execute initiatives to improve the processes, procedures, and tools utilized by the team. Reviews deliverables and provides input for other analysts. Strong understanding of all business channels. Contributes to process improvement initiatives. Qualifications: Minimum of 3 to 5 years of systems analysis experience with understanding strategic business information systems Working understanding of BSA best practice and principles; demonstrated ability to apply BSA principles required. Strong organizational skills and attention to detail Experience with multiple system development life-cycle mythologies Ability to effectively apply techniques which consists of textual formats, modals and diagrams Working understanding of business process and system process within one or more knowledge areas •Good written and communication skills; effectively communication with all employee levels and levels of management. •Experience with identifying and resolving requirement impacting issues, working with members of project management team and business SMEs/executives to develop and implement viable solutions Certificate in Business Systems Analysis (preferably in a quantitative discipline) or equivalent work experience Demonstrates competent consulting skills and experience to bridge the gap between technology and business operations to enable organizations to make effective decisions Technical writing skills producing clear and unambiguous deliverables Must be proficient and have experience using MS Office (Excel, Work, PowerPoint) and Visio High School Diploma/GED Quantitative discipline Minimum Qualifications: • At least 18 years of age.• Legally authorized to work in the United States.• High School Diploma or GED.• Pre-employment background screen. Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.