Job Description “Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.” – Carl Sagan. We are building a nimble team of passionate people to explore the unknown and bring a concept into a product that will change the world for the better. We are starting from scratch, we are going to be scrappy, and we are going to focus on producing joyful moments for our customers (and for ourselves too!). We are going to apply the same principles that made Amazon great especially Customer Obsession, Think Big, and Invent and Simplify, to create a new type of interaction that is meaningful to our customers. We are looking for smart, passionate people who have a strong sense of ownership and strong engineering mindset. If you want your work to positively impact the lives of millions of people and you’re up for a challenge, let’s talk. As a founding member of the team, you will work alongside with product management, research, design, and engineering (EE/ME) to define and build the essential lovable product. This position requires deep customer focus, the ability to dive deep and invent, and the ability to make hard decisions fast. You will be responsible for creating reliable, scalable, and high performance products requires exceptional technical expertise - a sound understanding of the fundamentals of Computer Science, and practical experience building scalable software products is required. You will have significant influence on our overall strategy by helping define these product features, drive the system architecture, and spearhead the best practices that enable a quality product. We are looking for candidates who thrive in a fast-paced startup like environment. To be successful, you need to be highly motivated about new opportunities and detail oriented while showing highest standards of responsibilities and deliverables. Higher level openings available. Please see preferred qualifications. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years professional experience in software development 5+ years of experience in Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving and complexity analysis 5+ years of experience in at least, one modern programming language such as Java, Python or Scala. Preferred Qualifications Ability to take a project from scoping requirements through actual launch of the project Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs Excellence in technical communication with peers and non-technical cohorts Experience building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers