Google is known for our innovative technologies, products and services — and for the people behind them. Our Staffing Services Associates within Staffing Services are at the front line of all hiring activities at Google. Whether the team is expertly taking care of our candidates and their bespoke scheduling needs or providing exceptional logistical and travel services, they bring a magical experience to every interaction. Partnering with our recruiters to deliver a candidate-centric hiring experience requires a cool head and expert judgment. In this role, you will problem solve in real-time and make data-driven decisions. Focusing on using technology, you’re always looking for new ways to improve or automate processes at scale. You possess a highly attentive eye for detail and are passionate about delivering superb client and customer service. As a Staffing Services Associate, you will ensure a seamless, candidate- friendly hiring process. You will be responsible for keeping the process organized and efficient while actively maintaining clear lines of communication with recruiters, hiring managers and candidates - from entry- level to leadership hires. By providing great customer service and smoothly managing all the details, you will contribute to the overall success of the Staffing team. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Support client groups with recruiting processes; scheduling interviews, organizing candidate travel arrangements, hosting candidates on campus, reserving conference rooms and liaising with candidates/leaders at Google and their administrative partners, as appropriate. Create and distribute employment-related correspondence. Communicate professionally, tactfully and with the utmost diplomacy at all times; treating all candidates with dignity and respect while maintaining a high level of confidentiality at all times. Arrange special requests and provide a high-touch experience appropriate to the candidate’s needs. Improve processes using a data-driven approach including optimization of interviewer loads, identification of trends and issues in the scheduling process, and execution of initiatives to increase efficiency and improve experience. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 1 year of experience in improving processes, identifying issues in processes, suggesting user focused improvements and navigating cross-functional teams to drive these changes. 1 year of experience in customer support, or client facing role. Individuals applying for this position will not be eligible for immigration sponsorship. Preferred qualifications: Ability to prioritize multiple functions, tasks and manage time efficiently. Exceptional attention to detail with a proven ability to consistently and positively contribute in a fast-paced, changing work environment. High level of creativity, perseverance, and openness to change; drive to take initiative and build strong, productive relationships. Demonstrated discretion and strong judgment; ability to interact comfortably and professionally with all levels of candidates and internal clients. Self-directed, detail-oriented problem solver with an ability and desire to contribute to the organization's reputation and success. Strong demonstrated interpersonal and communication skills, a customer-service orientation, and a welcoming/helpful attitude. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.