Description : Hearts & Science has been inspired by confident marketers seeking business advantage in a world of personalized digital marketing, where CRM and addressable channels converge, and decisions must be made in real time to aggregate effective reach and deliver the right message at the right time. Designed to inform brand strategies with real-time insights, Hearts & Science is a data-driven marketing agency with expert media planning and buying capabilities, among other services that include shopper marketing, marketing innovation and content activation. As an Analyst on our Marketing Science team, you will be tasked with helping transform vast data sets into compelling and actionable insights. You will work directly with Marketing Science Directors, clients and vendors to implement the resulting strategies alongside a team of the media planners and strategists. Core responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following: Translating data into clear, compelling, and actionable insights by leveraging advanced analytics tactics conducted by central resources Developing and executing the measurement plan Ensuring timely follow through on all scheduled and ad hoc deliverables With the leaders of the functional specialty teams, keeping track of projects being run by the Functional Specialists to ensure they are done on time and to right level of quality Developing of presentations to clients, including the results of analyses and research projects in a clear and insightful narrative, digestible by a lay person Understanding of consumer and marketplace behaviors, particularly those that most impact business and marketing goals Evaluating data and research/analytics vendors for client needs or as they approach clients Working with third party research/analytics vendors to design and set up projects for clients R equired Qualifications 1 year of experience in a quantitative data driven field, media, digital marketing or other relevant field Bachelor’s degree in statistics, mathematics, economics, engineering, information management, social sciences or business/marketing or other quantitative fields. Strong Microsoft Excel skills (vlookups, Pivot Tables, Macros, and other advanced functions) Experience with data processing / visualization platforms (Alteryx, Tableau, QlikView etc.) Exposure to coding languages (SAS, SQL, Java, R, Python, etc.) Basic understanding of databases and Data Modeling Experience with delivering and operationalizing reporting solutions for clients Excellent written and oral communication skills and basic project management skills Desired Technical Skills Understanding of marketing mix modeling/econometric analysis and/or other branches of market research (custom survey research, advertising testing or tracking, new product research, etc.) Understanding of sampling, experimental design, campaign list management and documentation Understanding of advanced data management programs (Access, etc.) Prior agency experience Basic understanding of databases and Data Modeling Familiarity with at least some of the following tools: marketing technology (e.g. Data Management Platforms), ad-serving (e.g. Google DCM, Atlas), web analytics (e.g. Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics), social (e.g. Facebook Insights, Twitter Insights, Crimson Hexagon) Knowledge and experience with syndicated research sources/tools (e.g. ComScore, Nielsen, GfK MRI, Simmons, etc)