Job Description At Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers’ expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers’ financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members. Responsible for very complex partner assignments to identify and define strategic business issues that require analyses and translates this information into insight, knowledge and understanding of the business and the industry. Consults and performs very complex analyses/ analysis design involving data mining from multiple sources and/or predictive modeling, regression/multivariate, financial, comparative analysis, customer/demographic analysis, etc. Analytics involved generally span multiple functional areas/business lines/data sources. Responsibilities also include identifying opportunities for additional statistical models and/or creating sophisticated computer modeling approaches to analyze and forecast business performance; participating in and/or leading management information capabilities development work; interpreting and presenting results of analyses and recommendations to senior management. Ensures adherence to data management/data governance regulations and policies. Data involved may be very large, structured or unstructured, and from multiple sources. To a certain degree, may be involved directly or indirectly in the technical build-out and/or support of databases, query tools, reporting tools, BI tools, dashboards, etc that enable analysis, modeling, and/or data visualization. Leads project/virtual teams & mentors lower level staff. This position will require occasional domestic travel not to exceed 25%. This position will require occasional off hours support (outside of 8:00AM and 5:00PM in time zone of residence) for meetings with offshore resources or critical application support. Required Qualifications 6+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 4+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling 5+ years of data analysis experience 3+ years of data collection and reporting experience 3+ years of data warehouse experience 3+ years of database experience Desired Qualifications Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Other Desired Qualifications The successful candidate has the capability, with little or no direction, to dissect a data set to determine patterns, anomalies, and meaning. Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.