Join us as we pursue our disruptive new vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and seek to deliver the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we’re committed to our work, customers, having fun and most importantly to each other’s success. Learn more about Splunk careers and how you can become a part of our journey! Role: Are you an upbeat operational fanatic with deep SaaS experience? Would you like to play a key role in the success of our rapidly growing Software Renewals business? If so, Splunk is in need of an experienced, process-driven candidate with extraordinary quantitative, communication, and program management skills to define, optimize and scale our renewals strategy and processes. The Renewals Strategy and Operations Senior Manager will ensure operational excellence by: deploying and maintaining a robust process, implementing tools and reporting infrastructure, engaging with internal customers in a highly effective way, and delivering insight and analytics that drive key growth and scale imperatives. Responsibilities: Passionate about driving Splunk’s Cloud/Term renewal strategy, target setting, coverage modeling, capacity planning and forecasting in partnership with Renewals, Sales, Sales Operations and Finance. Lead and partner to improve processes related to the renewal motion – including renewal risk, upsell, cross sell, adoption and churn. Improve performance through data-driven insights and reporting that monitors, projects and accounts for results; creating a positive impact on revenue generation and the customer adopt, expand, renew lifecycle. Bring together win/loss reasons; capitalizing on wins as best practices and identifying root cause for losses; targeting for improvement efforts. Prepare operational review content to present success to senior leadership; with focus on key drivers of renewal business. Responsible for the availability and accuracy of all information related to renewals pipeline, opportunities, and any related reporting or dashboarding. Understand renewals day-to-day motion and work directly with our renewal reps to help them with the systems and processes necessary to exceed their goals and targets. Drive new initiatives and programs for productivity and scale (i.e. auto-renewal, renewal rep productivity). Champion and charter Renewals improvement projects, using rapid yet effective methodologies/quality cycles. Partner with Sales Operations, PMO and IT to define the required Renewals features and functions of the CRM and Customer Success/Recurring Revenue systems and testing/validating changes; working effectively within a plan of record to improve results for the organization. Partner with Sales Enablement to continually define and build required training for the Renewals team. Committed to building strong relationships with key functional organizations that enable renewals and adoption (i.e. Customer Success, Sales, Sales Operations, PMO, IT, Finance). Requirements: 10+ years in advanced commercial operations role (i.e. Sales, Customer Success) implementing commercial analytics and driving operational excellence, preferably in subscription-based software organizations. Deep understanding of SaaS and Enterprise Sales business model with understanding of customer lifecycle measures and SaaS revenue streams. Experience supporting a quota carrying sales/renewals team and driving sales productivity. Deep experience with Salesforce.com and Renewals Management/Recurring Revenue Management software (i.e. Gainsight). Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including effective listening; composing clear, concise correspondence, internal policies, procedures, presentations, and reports. Possess a keen business insight with the ability to handle, analyze and track data for a sophisticated and often complex process. Strong analytical skills and can accurately summarize and present complex principles to an executive audience. Demonstrable ability to create, document, implement, measure and enhance processes and procedures. The right person for this role will have strong interpersonal skills, be able to influence and will be an effective agent of change. Committed to analyzing and anticipating situations, defining problems and objectives, recognizing alternatives and formulating solutions. Ability to effectively prioritize in complex business structures; thrives when working in a fast paced, high-growth, results oriented environment. We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which the candidate is applying. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.