What does a Geek Squad Consultation Agent do? Do all things technology fire you up? Can you swap a motherboard or hook up a home theater system blindfolded? Does the thought of installing an LCD in an SUV, and getting paid for it, make you salivate? If you answered yes to any of these questions, congratulations, your dream career might be waiting for you at Geek Squad. We invite you to join our illustrious ranks. A Geek Squad Consultation Agent is a brand ambassador for both the Geek Squad and Best Buy brands. As the solutions expert, the Consultation Agent manages the Geek Squad check-in and check-out experience for customers and helps them find the complete solution that works for them. They coach the sales team, building trust and explaining services and technology to help meet all customer needs. Their knowledge of services, technology and business group strategies in partnership with the sales team ensures no customer is ever left unserved or underserved. 70% of your time you will: Engage customers using selling skills to provide solutions aligning with their “definition of fix.” 30% of your time you will: Work with the sales team, explaining services and technology to help them achieve business goals. Perform other duties as assigned. What are the Professional Requirements of a Geek Squad Consultation Agent? Basic Requirements: 3-6 months working experience Preferred Requirements: High School diploma or equivalent Associate degree in general electronics or computer repair 1+ years retail or customer service experience 1+ years experience diagnosing or repairing PCs or consumer electronics What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.