Overview We are the world’s most tenured marketing agency. In fact, we invented CRM and one to one personalized marketing. Don’t believe us? Look up Lester Wunderman and get educated. We have created some of the best loyalty programs in the market, done global customized CRM deployment to hundreds of countries, run a world class creative shop, have one of the best data providers and data teams in the market (Forrester agrees), and yet we’re just getting started. Responsibilities the lab Wunderman Seattle created the first ever Wunderman AI and ML lab. What does this mean? We are utilizing market leading technologies and technology stacks (from Microsoft, Amazon, IBM and others) to create products and services for our clients all across the globe. Our focus is not just on understanding AI and ML, but also the application of these approaches to our customers (and our customers’ customers) biggest challenges within the CRM space. We’re applying the tenants of 1:1 marketing and 1:1 care to create holistic, innovative and ground-breaking solutions in the market. What you will do As a Lab Intern, you get to participate in something very unique and leading- edge (Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Neural Networks, Speech and Text modeling). You will come in and work directly with our Director of Data Science to build algorithms that will be used to support our clients. If you also have the skills to work with the engineering side of the lab then you get to play in multiple spaces of AI/ML product development. If one of our lab products or services takes off in the market, you will participate in the development of the proof of concept. Our goal for you is for you to advance the development of algorithms and products. You will work on products or services already identified to have market potential for our clients. This should be a hands-on experience like no other and we look forward to having you on this journey with us. Qualifications Our ideal candidates are in a Master’s or Doctoral program for Computer Science, Data Science, Statistics, or related field with a focus on AI and ML. You should have some background or motivation towards chat bots and conversational AI and expertise in neural networks, natural language processing, statistical modeling or related areas. You should also have experience with the related tools such as Python / R and at least one deep learning framework (Tensorflow, Keras, CNTK, Gluon and others).