As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For detailed information on Benefits for this position, click here. As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for four consecutive years. The UW Finance Transformation Program (UWFT) is a $200M initiative to replace the University’s financial systems with an integrated system to manage the full suite of financial transactions and reporting needs in the UW system – to include academic, administrative, and healthcare. UWFT will fundamentally change the processes and tools that the University employs to track, spend, collect, manage, and report University finances in excess of $7B in annual revenues, resulting in more timely and actionable information for leadership. Among the UW’s highest administrative priorities, this multi-year initiative is one of the largest finance system projects in Washington State and the outcome of the program will be highly visible at all levels of the University and the state. UWFT is currently seeking a full time Information/Data Architect who leads and coordinates information architecture efforts across the UWFT program. The Architect is responsible for guiding the research, planning, analysis, definition, refinement and implementation of the UWFT information and data architecture related to data generated by the Finance ERP. The position helps to ensure that information is treated as a strategic asset, and that the integration of data delivers value and helps align finance business priorities and technology solutions. The Architect establishes the architecture and frameworks that facilitate access to and flexible sharing and exchange of Finance ERP information. In close collaboration with business and technology leaders and subject matter experts across the university, the position leads effective change by translating business challenges into effective information solutions. The Information/Data Architect for the Finance Transformation program must be able to work in a fast-paced and changing program environment. RESPONSIBILITIES: _Perform data and systems analysis_ Mapping UW legacy finance Chart of Accounts (COA) data elements to Workday Foundation Data Model (FDM). Designing and establishing a source of record integration data mapping tool to track Workday integration data flows. Establishing a process to rationalize data element usage across data integration inventory and promote re-use. Designing and establishing a source of record data mapping tool for documenting conversion legacy sources, translations, staging database and Workday input files. Utilize a common tool for documenting field names and definitions across integration platform and data warehouses. _Architecture, Strategy and Data Analysis_ System to support chart of accounts translation from legacy to future state based on Workday Finance Foundation Data Model System to support data conversion of 50+ legacy systems into Workday Finance input files Approach to designing integration data flows and analytic/data warehouse systems Development of IT landscape diagrams to represent current and future state systems and data flows _Infrastructure Design and Development_ Developing a database model to support a legacy Finance Accounting System to Workday Finance FDM translator. Contribute to development of a conversion staging database model to support data translations and extracting Workday data load files. _Design data and systems models_ Produce canonical data models from diverse source system centric models. Align data schemas across different source systems. Map logical models to output structures, translating canonical models into system APIs. Develop conceptual data model to represent finance data warehouse requirements. REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related degree. 6+ years experience in a complex matrix organization involving the collection and analysis of business requirements. 5+ years experience producing detailed data analysis and visualization on large datasets. An understanding of how data is used and its implications on people, processes and technologies. Understanding of advanced SQL and ability to write and comprehend SQL queries, functions, and stored procedures. Familiarity with mature data governance and data quality practices. Ability to understand and align data structure of native systems quickly and effectively. Work in a highly collaborative environment across matrixed organizations Competence in a diverse set of skills and knowledge to inform and lead data architecture development with technology partners both within and outside of UW Demonstrated experience and ability working with senior technical leadership as well as all levels of staff Demonstrated problem-solving skills and the ability to approach complex issues and relationships with courtesy, patience, tact, and confidentiality. Experience providing direction on information and analytics platforms in alignment with ERPs, Enterprise Data Warehouse tools and technologies. Experience using project management, ITIL, TOGAF and SDLC methodologies. An understanding of core principles of data governance, quality, and security _Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except when there are legal requirements, such as a license/certification/registration._ DESIRED: 4+ years experience with any combination of the following products: TIBCO/Spotfire, Tableau, SQL Server Reporting Services, or comparable applications. 4+ years experience with enterprise-grade business intelligence and reporting tools. 2+ years of direct project management experience. Experience developing enterprise data dictionaries, query libraries, and certified data sets. Experience supporting user engagement activities and groups. Expert experience in common information architect frameworks and information models, such as The Open Group Architecture Framework (TOGAF) or comparable models; information maturity models; Information as a Service (IaaS) and Service Oriented Architecture (SOA). Demonstrated experience in large, complex data management environments, including data warehousing, business intelligence, analytics, metadata and master data. Demonstrated competency in facilitation, data modeling, communicating to broad audiences at all levels of an organization. Experience in metrics, organizational performance measurement and benchmarking. Experience in solutions design, development and deployments as they relate to enterprise architecture; including hands-on technology management experience. Experience in data integration and data quality. Excellent written and verbal communication skills and interaction ability. Experience with Workday ERP data analysis. CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT: This recruitment may be used to fill additional openings.