We are actively seeking a Project Manager to join our Solutions Architecture PMO: Do you want to be part of a company that is enabling the Artificial Intelligence revolution? Do you like people and technology? We are passionate about learning new things and using that to enable our customers to do amazing things. We succeed together and work to have a real impact on the world around us. If you are a superb communicator with broad technical skills, we want you on our team. What you’ll be doing: No day will be typical. You will be managing projects and programs that provide extraordinary systems and solutions to customers and partners. Join NVIDIA and work with industry leaders on compelling breakthroughs vital to a variety of scientific and engineering fields.We have a dynamic community of Solution Architects that will help you stay at the front of the technical pack and provide in-depth support for your success. Our team is responsible for managing and executing a wide variety of projects across NVIDIA’s World-Wide Field Organization. We collaborate with technical, legal, and finance teams to develop Statements of Work (SOW) that define project timeline and deliverables based on the customer requirements. Our project and leadership teams will rely on you to track and report project status. You will: perform contract management and administrative duties on both government and commercial contracts. track and drive all issues to closure. will regularly communicate program status and key issues to customer and NVIDIA management. Our customers and management will depend on you to highlight unresolved issues. What we need to see: We're looking for someone with demonstrated experience with data science or artificial intelligence (especially deep learning). We want to see real passion for making a difference. We want new colleagues with at least the following: You will have or are pursuing PMP Certification. We are looking for 2 or more years of experience in project management. You have a strong technical background and experience driving cross-functional teams. Leadership flexibility and openness to tackling new tasks and projects in a flexible, fast paced environment. Proven history of leading change and improvement. This position requires US Citizenship. Ways to stand out from the crowd: We're always looking for extraordinary people to join our team. We actively seek people that increase the team's intellectual diversity. Earned an advanced degree; extra credit for a technical degree. Project management experience in a U.S. Government environment. Contract management experience. Experience at a major global consulting firm. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! We welcome teammates in the following locations: Santa Clara, Austin, or Washington DC. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.