Requisition ID: 39642 All Locations: El Segundo, CA (California) A trusted partner. A national resource. A leader in national security space. We are THE Aerospace Corporation. A team that takes pride in our readiness to solve some of the most complex technical challenges in existence. With challenges spanning clandestine to commercial, you’ll have the unique opportunity to work on projects that are literally evolving our nation's space and launch capabilities. We all share a common passion and aspiration – to serve a mission much bigger than ourselves. When you join our team, you’ll be part of a rare collection of thought leaders and game-changing innovators. Are you ready to launch your career? Responsibilities The Aerospace Corporation is seeking a Unity Developer to join our Visualization and Immersive Technologies Department (VITD). VITD develops a wide variety of innovative tools and applications to support civil, commercial, and national security space systems. From virtual and augmented reality, to web, cloud, and desktop visualization; VITD evaluates and creates unique visual experiences that present data and analysis to key decision makers. Key Functions Work with a team to build immersive experiences that include: space exploration VR and mobile solutions, small satellite AR assemblies and virtual laboratory environments Collaborate with developers to produce applications that incorporate touch screens, touch controllers and environmental haptics Participate in technology exploratory and research efforts to evaluate the virtual, augmented and mixed reality solutions on the market today Qualifications This position can be filled as a Unity Developer or Sr. Unity Developer Required for Unity Developer: B.S. in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering or related B.A. in game design, and/or related discipline Two or more years of Unity experience with increasing responsibility Ability to quickly learn new game engine frameworks Ability to work both independently, and cooperatively within a team Good written and verbal communications skills Required for Sr. Unity Developer: B.S. in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering or related B.A. in game design, and/or related discipline Five or more years of Unity experience with increasing responsibility Ability to quickly learn new game engine frameworks Ability to work both independently, and cooperatively within a team Good written and verbal communications skills Desirable: Experience deploying to mobile platforms Four or more years of experience preferred Experience in developing Augmented Reality (Hololens, AR Toolkit) and/or Virtual Reality (Oculus, Vive, Windows Mixed Reality) applications C++ experience would be a plus (Unreal Engine) Experience integrating haptic elements would be a plus Experience with agile game development methodologies Transcript Requirement Transcripts are required for this position. Additional Requisition Details System Job Title : MEMBER-TECH STF Clearance Requirement: Secret Access: None Polygraph: None Relocation Available: Yes Employment Type: Regular Work Schedule: Full Time Company Statement The Aerospace Corporation has provided independent technical and scientific research, development, and advisory services to national security space programs since 1960. We operate a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) for the United States Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office, and support all national security space programs. We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others. From our inception, our highly skilled technical staff has focused on ensuring the success of every mission and developing the most effective and economic space-related hardware and software in the world. Our greatest asset is the technical expertise of our people. Our state-of-the-art laboratory facilities are staffed by some of the leading scientists in the world. Equal Opportunity Commitment The Aerospace Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. We believe that a diverse workforce creates an environment in which unique ideas are developed and differing perspectives are valued, producing superior customer solutions. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, gender, gender identity or expression, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, or disability status. You can also review The Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the supplement, as well as the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.