Luitpold Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Daiichi Sankyo Group Company, is dedicated to the development and marketing of innovative, quality drugs and medical devices for healthcare professionals, clinics, and hospitals across the United States and Canada.We specialize in sterile injectables, as well as innovative products for veterinary medicine use. This position is responsible for managing Gentran EDI application. Also requires some knowledge database administration. Excellent communication, technical and project management skills are necessary to support current and future operations. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Adhere to all I.T. JSOX policies in performing day to day activities. Periodically train on the I.T. department’s policies per schedule provided by the QC department and in compliance with JSOX. Evaluate user requests to determine feasibility and time required to complete a project. Consult with users if necessary to identify the current request and clarify the task objective. Prepare a plan outlining the steps required to complete a change request. Test modifications in the appropriate test environments prior to implementing the changes. Prepare flowcharts and diagrams if necessary to illustrate and document sequence of events. Follow SDLC process for major projects from gathering requirement phase to implementation. Recreate steps taken by user to locate source of problem and rewrite program to correct errors. Support following EDI transactions: 810, 850, 856, 844, 845, 849, 867, 852 Create and maintain EDI partner profiles. Maintain existing and create new maps when necessary. Customize EDI transactions by specific customer and or item. Monitor daily activities and troubleshoot EDI errors. Maintain current Oracle databases and verify backup and recovery availability. Support the user community database connectivity. Monitor and verify Oracle Licensing compliance. Qualifications and Requirements High School Diploma with some college or technical schooling required, Associate’s Degree preferred. Five plus years IT experience Knowledge of EDI ANSI X12, 4010 documents and relational databases is required. Knowledge of Gentran EDI (Sterling Commerce) is preferred. Knowledge of CRM systems, Pivotal and Siebel is a plus. Knowledge of BPCS ERP application, RPG ILE and iSeries/AS400 platform is a plus General knowledge of Cognos or other Business intelligence products is a plus. Excellent documentation skills including flow charts, requirements gathering and system design. Experience with VB/COM embedded in Excel a plus. Experience with SQL Plus/SQL Developer or other SQL developer tool is required. Experience with Oracle Client installation and set-up is required. Experience installing and configuring an Oracle Database is required. Experience with Microsoft Visual Studio to develop and support both console and web based applications. Strong analytical, problem solving and collaborative skills. Proficient in MS Word, Excel and Outlook. Strong oral and written communication skills. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Job Category: IT