ABOUT US At the County of Marin, our employees overwhelmingly report feeling their work is meaningful, they like the work they do and they are proud to tell people "I work for the County of Marin." Read on to find out more about this opportunity: ABOUT THE POSITION Working within the County Administrator's Office, the Business Systems Analyst (BSA) serves as a subject matter expert in the areas of management reporting and enterprise data, by designing, developing and testing automated and ad-hoc software systems and reports that support strategic planning and executive decision-making. The Business Systems Analyst will proactively identify ways to most effectively use existing systems, provide training and develop job aids for end-users, and assist with the implementation of new systems. Additionally, this position will collaborate with key users from other administrative departments, including the Information Services and Technology department and the Finance department, to coordinate the implementation and ongoing support of technology system solutions. ABOUT YOU Our Highly Qualified Candidate: The highly qualified candidate is organized, dependable and flexible, has advanced Microsoft Excel skills, and has experience using databases, business intelligence analytics applications and reporting platforms such as SSRS or Crystal Reports. They possess some experience with fiscal and management analysis and are able to work with a variety of technical and non-technical end-users at all levels of the organization to develop reports that meet their needs. Strong project management and communication skills and experience collaborating with various stakeholders is essential. The minimum qualifications are: Any combination of education and experience that would provide the knowledge and abilities listed. Typically, equivalent to a Bachelor's degree in business administration, computer science, accounting, finance, human resources, payroll, purchasing or a field related to the work and two years of responsible journey level experience in a position that would provide knowledge of department-specific programs, processes and/or operations, including experience in the planning, implementation, oversight and/or utilization of automated information systems and applications used to support departmental activities. Additional professional experience in analyzing business processes and information systems may substitute for the required education on a year-for- year basis. ABOUT THE PROCESS All applicants will receive email notifications regarding their status in the recruitment process. These emails will come from Jobs@marincounty.org. Please be sure to check your spam settings to allow our emails to reach you. You may also log into your governmentjobs.com account to view these emails. Testing and Eligible List: Depending on the number of qualified applications received, testing may consist of a highly qualified review, an application screening, written exam, online assessment, oral interview, or any combination of these exams. Successful candidates will have their names placed on the eligible list. The eligible list established from this recruitment will be used to fill the current vacancy and any future vacancies that may occur in this assignment while the list remains active. Eligible lists remain active for a minimum of six (6) months. For future opportunities, please indicate your interest in part-time, full-time and/or extra hire employment on your application.