SOFTWARE ARCHITECT (NECDA-18-0362-W): Bowhead seeks a Software Architect (Associate, Intermediate and Senior) to support The Network Enterprise Center (NEC) for Detroit Arsenal (NEC-DA) requires Command, Control, Communication, and Computer Information Technology (C4/IT) Enterprise Management Services support at Detroit Arsenal in Warren, Michigan. The NEC-DA is located on the Detroit Arsenal Installation and C4IM support is a key component affecting the readiness and sustainability of critical Department of Defense (DoD) and other tenant activities across the installation. Bowhead is looking to network with experienced professionals relative to this opportunity, which is contingent upon award and not currently funded. Incumbent employees are encouraged to apply as well as contact amanda.freeman@bowheadsupport.com. The Software Architect is responsible for design and development of a client/server environment. Develops strategy of client/server system and the design infrastructure necessary to support that strategy. Advises on selection of technological purchases with regards to processing, data storage, data access, and applications development. Sets standards for the client/server relational database structure for the organization (SQL, ORACLE, SYBASE, etc.). Advises of feasibility of potential future projects to management. Collaborate with other professionals to determine functional and non-functional requirements for new software or applications. Use tools and methodologies to create representations for functions and user interface of desired product. Perform analysis, design, development, testing, and support for various software systems such that the applications remain operational, accessible, and fully functional on a non-production network that is isolated from the production network. The Contractor shall take technical, IA guidance, and daily workload direction from the COR, but will reside in Mission tenant areas. Develop applications to support user requirements; to include but not limited to, creation of the data models, databases, survey/add/update of reuse library, development of interfaces, application control logic, forms (screens), objects, reports, queries, and menus. Provide application support to end user by installing, configuring, validating, and documenting STIG settings. Support environments principally built with C, ASP.NET, MVC, SharePoint, JavaScript, SQL, ColdFusion, Java, COBOL, and JCL programming languages/environments. Requirements High School diploma or GED certificate PLUS ten (10) years related experience OR Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Mathematics or Science PLUS Five (5) years related experience Proficiency in modern software design patterns, Web development technologies, interfaces, frameworks, data modeling, database design, and administration. Previous experience at CIO G6 is highly desired Requires a combination of education and certifications consistent with industry standards for the above referenced position Intermediate to advanced level skills in Microsoft Office software suite - Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint Prior experience at Detroit Arsenal (in similar position), highly desired. Have the following Baseline Security Certifications: CompTIA Security+ with (CE) Have the following Computing Environment Certifications: Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA) Server 2012 Approved Certificate of Training for Application being Administered Privileged User IA Responsibilities Training (iatraining.us.army.mil) SECURITY CLEARANCE REQUIRED: Must currently hold and be able to maintain a security clearance at the Secret level. US Citizenship is a requirement for Secret clearance at this location Applicants may be subject to a pre-employment drug & alcohol screening and/or random drug screen, and must follow UIC’s Non-DOT Drug & Alcohol Testing Program requirements. If the position requires, an applicant must pass a pre- employment criminal background history check. All post-secondary education listed on the applicant’s resume/application may be subject to verification. Where driving may be required or where a rental car must be obtained for business travel purposes, applicants must have a valid driver license for this position and will be subject to verification. In addition, the applicant must pass an in-house, online, driving course to be authorized to drive for company purposes.