Why Us? With a mantra of Empowering Human Potential, Hanger, Inc. is the world's premier provider of orthotic and prosthetic (O&P;) services and products, offering the most advanced O&P; solutions, clinically differentiated programs and unsurpassed customer service. Hanger's Patient Care segment is the largest owner and operator of O&P; patient care clinics nationwide. Through its Products & Services segment, Hanger distributes branded and private label O&P; devices, products and components, and provides rehabilitative solutions to the broader market. Built on the legacy of James Edward Hanger, the first amputee of the American Civil War, Hanger is steeped in 150 years of clinical excellence and innovation with a vision to be the partner of choice for products and services that enhance human physical capability. Collectively, Hanger employees touch thousands of lives each day, helping people achieve new levels of mobility and freedom. Hanger, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer - female/minority/disability/vet. Could This Be For You? Hanger is seeking a Software Systems Analyst / Business Analyst to support our eCommerce applications. Reporting to the IT Manager Applications Development (CRM, Web, eCommerce), this role will be an integral part of the team and a partner for the business and IT teams. This role will be responsible for managing and troubleshooting eCommerce requests and issues for different eCommerce store-fronts. Your Impact Work with business, IT teams and vendor partners to manage the requests and issues log for the online stores and ancillary systems Troubleshoot site issues and delegate resolution tickets to vendors Coordinate with development team and QA leads to ensure changes are properly tested Analyze product performance and respond quickly to diagnose and correct problems Monitor performance and monitoring tools for the eCommerce sites Stay abreast on patches released for the eCommerce platform and manage application of those patches Document business requirements Minimum Qualifications B.S. in Computer Science or related field A minimum of two years of IT Experience Additional Success Factors Good communication, interpersonal, analytical and problem-solving skills Understanding of web technology fundamentals Understanding of software testing methodologies and software development life cycle process Ability to work individually and as a team Ability to prioritize and plan own tasks and estimate level of effort for assigned tasks Experienced in developing software use cases Web development skill is a plus Magento eCommerce platform knowledge is a plus Act with integrity in all ways and at all times, remaining honest, transparent, and respectful in all relationships. Keep the patient at the center of everything that you do, building lifelong trust. Foster open collaboration and constructive dialogue with everyone around you. Continuously innovate new solutions, influencing and responding to change. Focus on superior outcomes, and calibrate work processes for outstanding results. Our Investment in You Competitive salary. Competitive health and insurance benefits. Annual target bonus or commission. Paid vacation and sick time. Frequent company update talks with our leadership team. Hanger, Inc. is committed to providing equal employment opportunity in all aspects of the employer-employee relationship. All conditions and privileges of employment are administered to all employees without discrimination or harassment because of race, religious creed, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, religion, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, military service, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, special disabled veteran status, or any other classification protected by federal, state, and local laws and ordinances. The Company will comply fully with all applicable state or local fair employment laws that forbid discrimination or harassment on the basis of other protected characteristics. Retaliation against any employee for filing or supporting a complaint of discrimination or harassment is prohibited.