JOB PURPOSE The Managing Director will focus primarily on growing CIBC’s Commercial Banking market presence in the technology sector in this market. Primary responsibilities include building and leading a team of high performing Commercial Bankers focused on the technology sector and to growing the number of customers that the bank has in this sector. Relationship building, business development, preliminary credit assessment and due diligence in eastern region, with a focus on the Innovation Economy (private and public companies in the technology sector. In addition to the duties and responsibilities associated with the foregoing, the individual shall lead a team of high performing bankers who are dedicated to growing the bank’s customer base, managing existing customer relationships and ensuring ongoing oversight of the region’s portfolio of customers and loan book. The Managing Director is responsible for building relationship with professionals in the technology industry (ie. Venture Capitalists, CEOs, CFOs, Lawyers, Accountants, etc). who can accelerate the CIBC innovation program as we solve challenges for our clients. S/he will work closely with the Credit and Services teams to execute client requests in an efficient and effective manner. Business Development in the technology space will increase new relationships through a team approach to meet the credit and relationship needs of clients. The Managing Director will seek greater penetration of existing relationships through active cross sale of bank products with the ultimate goal of profitable growth of strategic client relationships. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES Build a network of professionals dedicated to the technology sector in order to add value to existing and new relationships. Grow the number of customers in the technology sector that have the following characteristics: Fast Growth Developed a proprietary technology Raised institutional equity (ie. Venture Capital) Bolster market presence within the community and industry associations with the purpose of promoting cultivating potential prospects and referral sources. Drive new business through quality leads from wide network of referral sources and regular prospect visits. Assist in structuring new deals to bridge client expectations and bank requirements. Build internal relationships to ensure delivery of top-notch client service. Maintain open line of communication with client as new deal progresses through fulfillment. Market Leader will maintain awareness of deal status. Act as strategic advisor to clients as needed. Identify new client cross sell opportunities. Maintain and develop client relationships, exploring opportunities to provide additional credit and non-credit services. Seek to become trusted advisor through regular client contact and relationship building. Serve as client’s primary internal resource as it relates to relationship and credit needs. Identify product/service opportunities for other business units and participates in development of creative solutions to client needs, coordinates presentations, and brings in partners when appropriate. Interact with other team members to achieve ultimate approval for new business and modifications to existing business, including active participation in and adherence to requirements of assessment and deal screen meetings. Structure deals appropriately to reflect market terms while also protecting the bank’s capital Present deals at loan committee and any necessary pre-meetings. Complete necessary analysis and documentation to achieve credit actions. Target clients that offer opportunities to co-develop in the CIBC innovation partners that augment and extend existing products and services. Develop partnership opportunities and manage multiple relationships with external partners including early and mid-stage companies, established technology firms, digital wallet and emerging payment network providers and research community. Identify new innovation concepts for experimentation. CROSS-FUNCTIONAL RELATIONSHIPS Partners with trading, risk, origination and other teams across the firm to enhance CIBC’s functional capabilities. This job must effectively foster client and market relationships. KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS Minimum of 10 years’ experience as a Commercial Relationship Manager/Business Development in the Technology and Innovation space. Must have experience in Commercial Banking lending to venture backed technology companies. Proven success in building and leading a Commercial Banking team in Technology Sector. Established network in Technology and Innovation space. Ability to prove credit expertise within a specific commercial banking industry or vertical. Ability to identify new strategic relationships with high level of competency. Must have the ability to understand emerging technologies and drive client-contextualized conclusions from independent research. Must have an understanding of emerging technologies including distributed ledger, artificial intelligence/machine learning, digital payment systems, APIs and cloud. Must have an entrepreneurial spirit and an excellent understanding of financial technology within a business context. Must be highly motivated, perseverant and resilient in pursuing objectives despite challenges. Must be a self-starter with a passion for championing and collaborating with external parties to solve client challenges. Strong negotiating, relationship management and sales skills. Possess mature business judgment and be proactive, well organized and results-oriented. Ability to see multiple commercial angles within a relationship and drive the best value for the bank, our clients and our shareholders. Strong personal presence and communication skills (verbal and written) are needed to partner with, establish credibility with, and influence senior executives (internal and external). Ability to navigate the bank quickly and successfully excelling in a matrix environment Must have ability to work in a fast paced, cross-functional environment. Must have ability to travel as needed. WORKING CONDITIONS This role operates within a collaborative team-oriented environment with external client interaction and focus.