Duties: Plan, implement, upgrade, and monitor security measures for the protection of computer networks and information. Ensure appropriate security controls are in place that will safeguard digital files and vital electronic infrastructure. Respond to computer security breaches and viruses. Maintain appropriate information in security related database systems to include computerized access control system, JPAS, or successor system, and security rosters reflecting eligibility and access, including Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI). Support DIUx in classifying TOP SECRET (including TOP SECRET Special Access Programs) and Sensitive Compartment Information. Provide day-to-day on-site Security support to the DIUx staff. Provide information, recommendations, policy interpretation, and documentation in support of various security functions and special projects. Research relevant security related issues with respect to the potential impact on the DIUx. Requests will often require a review of existing records, policy research, and database queries. Provide day-to-day administrative security support including research and preparation of graphic presentations; word-processing, proofreading, filing, and database management. Compile data and develop reports on security programs, policies, and procedures. Receive, record, and respond to all customer requests for security services, to include counter-intelligence support. Keep DIUx informed of progress relative to their requests. Track each request to completion and by discrete action type (SIPRNet token, facility access, badge request, Visit Access Requests (VARs), etc.). Provide sufficient metrics or monthly report to include request volume by type task, time to complete, average time by task, trend analysis over time, status. Manage email traffic submitted to the DIUx Security shared mailbox. Conduct the security portions of in and out processing of Government Civilian, Military and Contractor personnel, ensuring actions are fully tracked to completion, including entries into the Joint Personnel Adjudication System (JPAS), or successor system. Support WHS/Security Officer in conducting inquiries/investigations into potential security incidents by aiding the Government in the establishment of interviews; preparation of reports, and end-to-end tracking of the incident. Interface, brief, and provide analysis for Government Program Leads, senior management stakeholders, and executive leadership relative to the security program. Provide support services to assist in developing and implementing regular reporting on security related metrics and success factors determining the effectiveness and efficiency of the DIUx security program. Attend various security meetings to include various DIUx SO program update meetings, training sessions, focus groups, and research groups. Coordinate all agendas, meeting minutes, presentations, and governance with the appropriate Government Program Lead as directed. Implement security procedures, checklists, process controls, and practices including preparation of documents and destruction of records as directed by the appropriate Government Program Lead. Support the annual DIUx Information Security Assistance Visit (ISAV) program in accordance with WHS SO requirements. Coordinate the annual schedule, conduct the visits, develop recommendations for improvement, prepare the annual reports, and prepare appropriate metrics outlining results and trend analysis over time. Support the security education & awareness training program. Prepare and conduct training, and report compliance. Estimate between 5-8 training sessions per year. Provide country-specific risk assessments and briefings for personnel planning to travel overseas. Estimate no more than 25 per year. Support the SCI and collateral facility requirements for DIUx SO customers. Maintain an inventory of secure facilities, including Sensitive Compartmented Information Facilities (SCIFs). Prepare and/or update required documentation affecting procedures and secure space accreditations, to include SCIF. Conduct physical security inspections, process necessary paperwork for accreditation, identify vulnerabilities, recommend mitigation strategies, and assist customer organizations with the implementation of actions to achieve DOD compliance. Provide record compliance and other record lifecycle material applicable to existing Federal record policy and legislation, in accordance with the DoD Administrative Instruction 15. The contractor shall provide records management support to the DIUx staff in developing a DIUx record plan, provide two training session on records management per year, and complete an inventory of all DIUx records to identify DIUx permanent records for long-term storage. The Security Analyst will support the Washington Headquarters Services (WHS) Security Officer (SO) with on-site security management in Mountain View, CA. Requirements: Bachelor's degree and at least 8 years of work related experience. Must have in-depth security knowledge in security services, including counterintelligence support. Must be able to apply WHS Security Office security procedures, checklists, process controls, practices, and education and awareness training to the day-to-day operations of the DIUx. Possesses excellent written and verbal communication skills to interface, brief, and provide analysis to DIUx leadership relative to the security program.