BARROW BRAIN AND SPINE JOB DESCRIPTION FRONT DESK RECEPTIONIST JOB TITLE : Front Desk Receptionist DEPARTMENT : NeuroSpine and Rehab - RIOS REPORTS TO : Office Administrator FLSA STATUS : Non-Exempt JOB SUMMARY : Provides support with daily activities of a medical office including telephone coverage, appointment scheduling, and registration and patient referrals by performing the following duties. Interacts with patients, therapists, staff and other professionals to improve patient satisfaction and quality control of billing information, reduce duplication of work measured by lowering the cost per patient intake, and reduce the number of claim rejections on initial submission. TYPICAL PHYSICAL DEMANDS : Prolonged sitting, standing, some bending, stooping and stretching and/or walking. Eye-hand coordination and manual dexterity sufficient to operate a computer keyboard, photocopier, fax machine, telephone, calculator and other office equipment. Normal range of hearing and vision to record, prepare, and communicate appropriate reports. Occasional stress due to working in a busy work environment and dealing with multiple tasks, patients and staff. TYPICAL WORKING CONDITIONS : Work is performed in an office environment, with contact with patients, office staff, physicians, etc. Overtime as required. JOB DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES : Prepares office for daily activities. Greets patients arriving for appointments and ensures that all paperwork, insurance information etc. are up to date and correct. Collects co-payments, deductible amounts, patient’s balances, etc. Notifies physician office and/or clinic staff of patient arrivals. Answers telephones and transfers calls to the appropriate office staff. Handles patient inquiries and concerns. Maintains accurate imaging log. Schedules New Patient and Follow Up appointments and obtains authorization as necessary, to include building cases for Mercy Care. Prepares fee tickets and all appropriate paperwork for the next day including checking for missing information in Centricity. Confirm patient appointments. Handles faxed information hourly. Schedules Physical Therapy appointments when necessary. Prepare and send out New Patient Packets or Patient Portal PIN. Scans all appropriate paperwork into EMR. Fax patient records for scanning to the Medical Records Department throughout the day. Responsible for opening and balancing daily batches. Maintains accurate and timely patient information in Centricity database. Work inquiry reports twice monthly. Other duties and assignments as necessary. PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS: Reports to work regularly without undue tardiness. Maintains positive attitude and demonstrates the utmost in professionalism at all times. Dresses appropriately and professionally. Works independently, without direct supervision. Completes work accurately and in a timely manner. Excellent oral, written and telephone communication, along with tact, diplomacy and a strong customer service orientation. Prioritizes work activities and accepts multiple job duties. Maintains effective working relationships with physicians, administration and other staff members. EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE Prior experience in a medical office setting is helpful. Knowledge of Centricity or other EMR system required.