AppZen has developed the world’s first artificial intelligence (AI) solution for business process automation. AppZen’s AI for business solutions uses patent-pending Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision and Machine Learning algorithms to analyze data and automate functions. Our technology is used to automate business processes for both small and large enterprises, including fortune 50 organizations. The data science-based technology automatically detects accidental and intentional fraud, providing real-time compliance to IRS rules, FCPA regulations, and general company policies. Getting customers is one thing; keeping them engaged and educated is a whole other battle. Eager to take on the challenge? If so, then we want to hear from you! We’re looking for a dynamic Customer Education &amp; Training Specialist with a passion for creating creative learning experiences. You get to work with all aspects of our Customer Success organization and with our growing customer base to ensure customers are fully adopting the AppZen solution. If you are the best at what you do and are ready to join one of Silicon Valley’s hottest startups, we would love to hear from you. If you are looking to make an immediate impact, this is the role for you! About You: You are creative, highly organized and driven. You want to help our customers get the most out of AppZen’s solution and get joy out of watching a customer really succeed. You have GREAT communication skills and know how to get your message across. You are action oriented; no task is too small or insignificant for you. Responsibilities: Development and management of an interactive Support Community, including content creation and knowledge base management. Lead customer webinars and create new webinar content. Build a world class on-boarding experience for all roles within the Customer Success organization. Develop training curricula for customer on-boarding. Work side-by-side with our Implementation, Customer Success Managers and Product Support teams to ensure customers have the best training materials. Video creation and production for product announcements and continual customer education. Develop and document best practices for support process improvements Must-Haves: Humble and Friendly personality with an open and honest communication style. 2 to 5 years of relevant professional experience Experience with Learning Management Systems (LMS) Strong and creative writing skills Comprehensive knowledge of training plans, curriculum, and aid design and development Ability to understand our business applications quickly with little hands on training. Bonus Points: Previous experience in fraud and compliance