The Google People Services, Operations function is the services and program management group within People Operations that makes HR stuff easy and intuitive for Googlers. Our global team optimizes people processes, from problem definition to execution. We partner with teams across People Operations and in engineering to bring innovation and technology to the way we attract, retain and grow Googlers worldwide. We focus on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers, and work in Google’s fast- paced environment to deliver 100+ operational services, manage the contingent workforce and implement HR programs across 70+ countries. Regardless of location or level of experience, members of the Operations team have the opportunity to create, develop and implement some of the most complex global operations around the world. The Google People Services, Extended Workforce Solutions (xWS) team manages end-to-end oversight of Google’s Extended Workforce. The xWS team is responsible for the strategy, governance, and operations across the Temp, Vendor and Contractor (TVC) space. Our team makes it easy for Google managers to engage with the contingent workforce, providing training, standards and guidelines to minimize Google’s risk and offering data and insights on planning and strategy for new and existing engagements. We provide processes, tools and know-how to support Googlers through the lifecycle of contingent workforce engagements, so our businesses can make informed decisions to put the right talent in the right locations. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Set the vision and grow the xWS training program. Work with internal and external subject matter experts to organize and develop training materials and certification programs, delivering scalable web-based methods and instructor-led sessions in coordination with vendors to provide training. Program and project manage training and development efforts and timelines, overseeing the design process and coordinating the delivery of training to our stakeholders. Collect and analyze data to measure training quality and effectiveness, developing detailed reports and communicating with all levels of the organization. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Education, Instructional Design, a related field or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience in a Learning and Development or an education role. Experience designing, administering training and developing programs. Preferred qualifications: Experience in Learning Management Systems (LMS). Experience analyzing data, presenting trends to peers and managers and highlighting data patterns to inform business decisions. Experience establishing training best practices and knowledge management. Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and influence stakeholders, 3rd party suppliers and international teams. Ability to take initiative, adapt quickly to changing priorities and work with a high sense of urgency across multiple workstreams and processes to influence organization and reach goals. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.