This position is primarily responsible for ensuring that the services meet the established standards of quality, exceeding governing regulations in the provision of behavioral health services to participants with substance abuse/co-occurring disorders. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Core duties and responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Development of quality assurance policies and procedures. Interprets and implements quality assurance standards. Evaluates adequacy of quality assurance standards. Devises sampling procedures and directions for recording and reporting quality data. Reviews the implementation and efficiency of quality and inspection systems. Documents internal audits and other quality assurance activities and reports the same out to COTI program manager, directors, and executive director. Investigates participant’s perception of satisfaction and telepratice quality assurance survey. Data collection specific to the COTI Databook to be submitted monthly to OASAS. Train peers and clinical staff on required data collection tools. Collects and compiles statistical quality data. Analyzes data to identify areas for improvement in the quality system. Collaborate with EHR, internal IT and billing staff to ensure system compliance with data requirements. Develops, recommends and monitors corrective and preventive actions. Prepares reports to communicate outcomes of quality activities. Interact with OASAS research analyst on STR Opioid project. Present data findings in inter-agency and internal meetings. Identifies training needs and organizes training interventions to meet quality standards. Complies with 42 CFR confidentiality and HIPAA privacy and confidentiality/security regulations. Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience: Bachelor’s degree required with 3-4 years’ experience; Master’s degree preferred with 1-2 years in related field within a social service agency setting Quality inspection, auditing, and testing experience. Knowledge of tools, concepts, and methodologies of QA and outcome-driven data analysis Experience with implementation of corrective actions programs. Industry-specific experience and knowledge of relevant regulatory requirements. Strong computer skills including Microsoft Office, QA applications, EHR systems, and databases. Must successfully complete a criminal background check, obtain clearance from the Office of Children and Family Services and be drug-free. Employment Type: Full Time Evenings and some weekends required. Bi-lingual (Spanish/English) a plus. Benefits: Participation in 401K, Health Insurance, Paid Holidays, Annual and Sick Leave. Salary details: $50k annually.