Job ID: 139940 Exempt Oldcastle Infrastructure, a CRH company, is the leading manufacturer of precast concrete, polymer concrete, and plastic products in the United States. Our products range from utility vaults, reinforced concrete pipe, catch basins, drainage and septic tanks, to retaining walls, storm shelters, wall panels, concrete barriers, a variety of prestressed concrete products and more. With more than 80 locations nationwide and 3,000 plus employees, CRH Americas is committed to upholding core values of reliability, quality, and service in cutting edge ways. Position Summary The Quality Manager is responsible for providing leadership and direction for the quality technicians in accordance with the vision and values of the corporation. Models and demonstrates a “Culture of Safety” for Leads and all employees by actively utilizing systems and processes that achieve an Employee Driven, Hazard Controlled environment. Holds self and quality techs accountable for adherence to standards, policies & regulations for the safe, environmentally compliant production of a quality precast concrete product. Implements and manages all aspects of the OPI Quality Program in order to meet customer expectations and all compliance requirements. Actively participates in training and development of self and others as part of the plant and regional succession planning program. Assume production manager responsibilities as needed. Position Responsibilities Essential Duties include, but are not limited to the following: Ensure daily activities for Quality Assurance are complete, overseeing and auditing all inspections and testing. Ensures that pre-pour inspections are properly completed before molds are cleared to be cast. Ensures post-pour and product acceptance inspections are properly conducted. Maintains current compliance documentation (DoT, NPCA, ACI & OPI) and recordkeeping for the facility. Manage daily testing of product (specimen testing, air content, bulk density, spread, VSI, temp, MC% of aggregates) and report out any deviations to standards or specifications. Ensure product labeling/stenciling conforms to OPI requirements. Review standard BOM’s according to OPI frequency requirements, ensuring that the “actual” and “system” BOM’s match. Make appropriate corrections as needed. Provide sales with process/product testing data per customer’s needs. Hold quarterly QC meetings (including Engineering, Production, CAD departments) to review corrective actions for specific quality issues/concerns. Provide monthly training for process leads and process technicians. Perform monthly & annual material testing & calibrations, ensuring that all materials used meet or exceed requirements (ASTM, DoT, NPCA & OPI). Ensure facility is in compliance with all third-party requirements. Assist third-party agencies with facility audits (DoT, NPCA, Convault, other customers as required). Participate in auditing an Oldcastle facility as needed. Report-out on quality issues/deficiencies at the mid-day meeting and ensure proper corrective actions are assigned and closed out in a timely manner. Recommend repairs for product, as needed. Recommend corrective actions on mix design to engineering, as needed. Conduct weekly yard inspections to ensure product and material quality. Recommend revisions to drawings, as needed. Assists in the corrective action/progressive disciplinary process as required. Maintain thorough knowledge of precast processes and equipment, have workable knowledge of industry technological developments and best practices. Education Minimum High School Diploma (or equivalent) with 3+ years precast concrete experience or related industry. or, Associates' degree in Business, Manufacturing, Engineering Technology, Production, Quality Systems or related field. Bachelors’ degree preferred Experience 5+ years’ demonstrated manufacturing supervisory experience. Or any equivalent combination of experience and training that demonstrates the ability to perform the key responsibilities of this position Knowledge/Skills/Ability ACI Field Testing Technician Level 1 certification. ACI Laboratory Testing Technician Level 1 certification. ACI Strength Testing certification. NPCA PQS Level 1 certification. Concrete cylinder compression testing. Demonstrated ability to properly use (Lab oven, lab scales, slump cone, unit weight bucket, air meter, thermometer, tape measure, sand-equivalent/hydrometer, sieve analysis & sand equivalent shaker, Schmidt Hammer, organic impurities test). Demonstrated ability to effectively plan and allocate resources. Written and oral communication skills across all levels of the organization. Ability to effectively implement and utilize process and procedures. Basic knowledge of effective and efficient quality & continuous improvement methods. Basic knowledge of company product, policies and procedures. Interpersonal & organizational skills. Demonstrated successful application of supervisory skills. Proven problem solving skill set. Basic mathematical ability. Ability to operate a computer and supporting software packages. Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously. Ability to effectively implement change. Ability to facilitate meetings and lead teams. Ability to effectively manage conflict. Ability to analyze process variance, coordinate a course of action and effectively implement solutions with their team. Ability to effectively implement change. Ability to facilitate meetings and lead teams. Ability to effectively manage conflict. Work Environment Industrial Plant environment. Frequent Walking/Standing (6+ hrs/day). Frequent lifting (up to 10 lbs). Infrequent lifting (up to 25 lbs). Max lift (up to 40 lbs). Frequent climbing of ladders. What CRH Americas Offers You Highly competitive base pay Comprehensive medical, dental and disability benefits programs Group retirement savings program Health and wellness programs A culture that values opportunity for growth, development, and internal promotion About CRH Americas CRH Americas has a long and proud heritage as one of North America’s largest corporations. We are a proud reflection of the hundreds of family businesses, local and regional companies and mid to large sized enterprises that together form the CRH Americas family. CRH Americas operates with a decentralized, diversified structure, letting you work in a small company environment while having the career opportunities of a large enterprise. Oldcastle Infrastructure, a CRH company, is a great place to grow! If you’re up for a rewarding challenge, we invite you to take the first step and apply today! Once you click apply now, you will be brought to our career site. Please complete your online profile which will be sent directly to the appropriate Hiring Manager. Our system allows you to view and track your status 24 hours a day. Thank you for your interest in the CRH Americas family! CRH Americas is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. EOE/Vet/Disability-If you want to know more, please click on this link.