Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work. About the role: Provide communications facilitation between external customers and the sales force and provide first point of contact for external customers and the sales force to reach internal BSC personnel. Your responsibilities include: Triage and respond to external customer and sales rep calls though 1-800-CARDIAC and 1-800-CARDREP Send messages from internal/external customers to the BSC sales force by pagers, cell phones, home phones, etc. Escalate and close pages via backups, if required Job Skills: Applies limited knowledge of business concepts, procedures and practices and a basic understanding of department fundamentals. Performs routine tasks working from detailed written or verbal instructions. Close supervision. Receives detailed instruction on all assignments and constant checking of work performance. Quality System Requirements: In all actions, demonstrates a primary commitment to patient safety and product quality by maintaining compliance to the Quality Policy and all other documented quality processes and procedures. What we’re looking for: Basic Qualifications High School Diploma 1+ years of Customer Service or Call Center experience Must be able to work in a 24x7 call center. Shifts will vary and include weekend coverage. About us As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen. Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer Nearest Major Market: Minneapolis Job Segment: Medical, Call Center, Medical Technology, Customer Service Representative, Call Center Representative, Healthcare, Customer Service