This individual contributor is primarily responsible for guiding and supporting ITSM process implementation and executing and maintaining designated ITSM processes. Essential Responsibilities: Completes work assignments by applying up-to-date knowledge in subject area to meet deadlines; following procedures and policies, and applying data and resources to support projects or initiatives; collaborating with others, often cross-functionally, to solve business problems; supporting the completion of priorities, deadlines, and expectations; communicating progress and information; identifying and recommending ways to address improvement opportunities when possible; and escalating issues or risks as appropriate. Pursues self-development and effective relationships with others by sharing resources, information, and knowledge with coworkers and customers; listening, responding to, and seeking performance feedback; acknowledging strengths and weaknesses; assessing and responding to the needs of others; and adapting to and learning from change, difficulties, and feedback. Supports ITSM process and/or service implementation for designated ITSM initiatives by documenting process and/or service requirements and acceptance criteria from process owners and key stakeholders. Assists in the preparation of release notes, training materials, and documentation in appropriate repositories. Collaborates with IT functions to assist in the development and implementation of performance metrics and measurement tools. Supports ITSM process and/or service improvement efforts for designated initiatives by participating in the development, documentation, maintenance, and auditing of ITSM processes, procedures, and workflow. Researches business needs, organizational characteristics, and industry best-practices to support the identification of gaps or deficiencies in new and existing processes, services, and service portfolios. Participates in the development, documentation, maintenance, and auditing of ITSM processes and procedures under the guidance of more senior analysts. Collaborates with cross-functional stakeholders (for example, service and process managers) to support alignment, synergy, and application of processes and/or services and procedures. Provides support to users as needed to ensure proper process and/or service execution. Analyzes and validates process and/or performance metrics against success criteria to ensure effective control of expected deliverables. Escalates deficiencies with metrics according to established policies, practices, and standards as appropriate. Investigates performance deviations to drive adherence with defined ITSM policies and procedures with guidance from more senior team members. Promotes adherence to ITSM policies and procedures. Assists with negotiation of statements of work (SOWs) with service providers related to the development, implementation, delivery, and/or maintenance of ITSM processes, services, and/or tools.