Please note that this position has been re-posted. If you have already submitted your application, you need not submit it again, as it has already been received. As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for four consecutive years. The Department of Global Health was established in 2007, bridging the University of Washington schools of medicine and public health, with a mandate to harness the expertise and interdisciplinary power of all UW schools and colleges. Our mission is to improve health for all through research, education, training, and service; to understand and address the causes of disease and health inequities at multiple levels; and to collaborate with partners to develop and sustain locally-led, quality health systems, programs and policies. The Department has grown exponentially over the past 10 years to ~400 faculty, 1100+ staff, and 500+ students, working in 130 countries, with our deepest ties in the United States, Kenya, Uganda, Peru, Mozambique, India, South Africa, Tanzania, Ethiopia, and Nicaragua. At the Department of Global Health at the University of Washington, diversity is integral to excellence. We value and honor diverse experiences and perspectives, strive to create welcoming and respectful learning environments, and promote access, opportunity and equity for all. The Department of Global Health has an outstanding opportunity for a Manager, Data and Business Analytics. This position plays a key role in supporting the mission and strategic plan of the Department, ensuring that appropriate measures are used for both tracking and broadcasting Departmental performance. This position provides important analytics to senior leadership as related to a variety of Departmental operations (programmatic, accreditation, administrative/financial, and external communications). The position supports senior departmental leadership and other departmental stakeholders at all levels by gathering and providing key data and information that supports operational strategy. As such this position manages a growing set of web based information systems that support a variety of administrative operations used by a variety of stakeholders. This position requires the ability to work collaboratively in a changing environment, and the skill to work with members of the University community (faculty, staff, and students) who have diverse analytic and technology skills. This position will develop and manage the department’s information system that captures and communicates data related to a variety of operational units including curriculum planning, admissions, recruitment, enrollment, program accreditation, program evaluation, budget operations, financial projecting, and grant support, and annual report compilation. This position will help the department to incorporate learning into the organization as we ll as increase efficiencies for various reporting needs, particularly since we report data through two schools. Duties and Responsibilities: Analytics Design and implement qualitative and quantitative research methods to analyze academic programs and operations Identify, track, and collect other regional and national sources of information relevant to program renewal and quality, including data relevant to the efficiency and effectiveness of programs Collect information on anticipated program directions, costs, credits, student numbers, and funding sources Monitor state and federal policy initiatives relating to education Assist with the writing and providing data for multiple departmental publications Systems Development Manage development of the Department's data system to serve the needs of research program operations, institutional data, and academic services. Map out and communicate system priorities to Department stakeholders Participate in requirements gathering from various Department stakeholders Coordinate information system training and access Employ continuous improvement methods to streamline development and develop quarterly plans Communicate system improvements and workflow processes to Department stakeholders Develop, implement, and manage regular reporting on operational aspects important to research administration, academic services, and general department strategy. Operations Leadership Advise departmental leadership including the Chair, Vice Chair, Associate Chairs, and the Director by synthesizing and presenting data related to projected outcomes Participate in meeting and committees as needed to provide analytic and systems support for committee tasks Support the Director and Associate Director in the design and implementation of fiscal data management and visualization in support of short- and long-range projections. Management & Administrative Supervise and manage staff as needed, which includes hiring, training, development, and performance reviews. Participate in professional development opportunities to ensure the office is using the most up to date analytical tools and methodologies As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For detailed information on Benefits for this position, click here. REQUIREMENTS: Master’s degree related to institutional data or related field and three to five years of experience researching, tracking, and developing reporting systems for data and statistics. The top candidate brings a broad awareness of the field of education and research, its constituent fields and domains, as well as sources of information about current and emerging trends in the field (national and regional institutes, centers, foundations; sources of data and reports). Additional Requirements: Excellent data analysis skills – includes research, data mining, analysis, validation, and the ability to generate clear representations of data to diverse audiences in narrative, tabular, and graphical forms. Demonstrated experience understanding, relating, and reconciling, data from distinct sources. Experience working with financial data. Ability to generate documentation of technical processes. Demonstrated proficiency with core technologies – Windows, MS Access, MS Excel, and SQL. Proven ability to learn new technologies and problem solve. Top candidates will be comfortable with Unix-like OSes and MacOS, understanding of data security, have knowledge of UW data systems, and have familiarity with web databases, web security, and web services. Expertise in information systems development – Knowledge of application development processes and technologies. Experience with project management in developing technical systems. Ability to manage highly technical software developer work priorities and contribute to project scoping. Familiarity with various programing languages and frameworks. Excellent interpersonal skills –Ability to work with Departmental leadership, faculty groups and committees, other parts of the UW, staff, and relevant state and national professional and administrative organizations. Ability to negotiate complex institutional systems. Strong communication skills in oral and written presentation of data. The ideal candidate will possess an advanced degree related to the field of education or institutional research. _Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except when there are legal requirements, such as a license/certification/registration._ DESIRED Experience working within a complex, academic environment.