Under close direction of senior research staff, conducts activities to support research projects. Department: Neurology Location: Texas Medical Center Full Time Nonexempt Position Key Accountabilities: Quality assurance of MRI images. Writing computer scripts and codes using Matlab/C++ for image processing MRI imaging data management for clinical trials Sending images and radiology reports via cloud Develop quantitative neuroimaging markers for stroke patients. Write code for automated stroke lesion segmentation Familiar with MRI imaging parameter and protocols. Develop and implements machine learning for predicting prognosis Write SOP and manuals Writing manuscripts. Under close supervision, conducts research activities according to research protocol. May maintain clean equipment and/or work area to ensure a safe and efficient work environment. Collects, evaluates, and interprets research data to provide needed information to principal investigators and other researchers. Updates notebooks, records, and databases as needed. Stays abreast of new and updated protocols for research department. Orders laboratory and/or other supplies as directed by senior research staff. As needed, may coordinate the work of laboratory technicians and assistants to ensure efficient, timely and high quality results. Complies with all governmental and University policies, rules, regulations, and codes. Performs other duties as assigned. Certification/Skills: General knowledge of research fields. Minimum Education: Bachelor’s degree or relevant experience in lieu of education. Minimum Experience: No years of experience. Physical Requirements: Exerts up to 20 pounds of force occasionally and/or up to 10 pounds constantly and/or a negligible amount constantly to move objects. This position may include work involving potentially hazardous chemical, biological or radioactive agents. Security Sensitive: This job class may contain positions that are security sensitive and thereby subject to the provisions of Texas Education Code § 51.215