Functional Area: IT - Information Technology Estimated Travel Percentage (%): No Travel Relocation Provided: No American General Life Insurance Company PURPOSE OF JOB: The purpose of this position is to provide IT QA related services in support of the Business Unit’s operational plans by achieving assigned goals through one or more teams of employees. JOB DUTIES: This document is intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. It is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills of persons classified. Management reserves the right to add to or change the job as required. Summary of Key Responsibilities Leads Use-Case oriented E2E Testing by partnering with stakeholders across multiple applications. Drives Integrated Test Design through partnership across QA, BA, Dev teams. Understands complete STLC process across various PM methods (AGILE, Waterfall, etc.). Understands Testing Tools, Metrics and QA processes Owns quality of the integrations Background in Life Insurance - preferred Management and Leadership Provides leadership and guidance to the QA team and manage staff and resources according to IT budget. Manage QA staff in the design and execution of test plans and procedures for the acceptance testing of new or modified application systems in an environment of diverse development platforms, computing environments, software and hardware technology and tools for both on and offshore resources. Provides oversight and management of test management tools. Identify and resolve issues. Establish, develop, implement, and review department policies and procedures. Provide recommendations on pay, performance management, employment and staffing decisions. Manage QA budgets. Manage staff to ensure alignment of departmental activities with organizational goals. Coordinate resources and activities to achieve maximum expense control and productivity. Assigns personnel to the various projects and directs activities Reviews, evaluates and prepares periodic performance reports of the staff Trains and coaches analysts. Coordinates projects between application programming groups and QA Assure the viability, functionality and effectiveness of automated (quality assurance) tools to be used in system development, quality assurance, testing, and configuration management. Functional and Technical Experience in Life Insurance / Annuity / Retirement products Responsible for the development, maintenance and enhancement of QA standards and procedures with QA department Recommends solutions to systems problems to both business and IT management. Design and participate in the prototyping of technical solutions to meet business needs Conduct analysis of current software process practices, methodologies, and system development lifecycles. Document best practices and process improvements. Manage the analysis, design and execution of quality assurance audits, procedures and processes in support of the corporate and client area Review and coordinate release management activities in test and production environments. Ensure compliance with the quality assurance procedures and policies for software development and deployment Ensure that the performance stress test criteria’s are achieved Manage the traceability of business functions to delivered code/final product Represents QA at project team meetings. Responsible for status reporting to upper management. Conduct QA audits. Performs other duties as assigned or requested. EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology preferred. 6-9 years of QA experience with systems development and methodologies and processes, and quality assurance experience including 3 years of experience implementing or managing the integration of multiple advanced technologies. KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS Knowledge of the various Business areas within the organization. High level experience in communicating with senior level business and technical managers both oral and written. Skilled in directing the use of automated tools used for systems development, quality assurance, and testing. Knowledge of QA process for full system development life cycle. Experience working with QA standards. Expert knowledge of structured testing methodologies for both white and black box testing. Excellent project and people management skills. Excellent team building and coaching skills. Expert knowledge of overall technology environment. Industry level expertise in more than one advanced technology area (Advanced technologies are those considered complex and their successful implementation requires and understanding of many interrelated disciplines and concepts). Expert knowledge of software process improvement. It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives