Lockheed Martin is seeking a Supplier Quality Line of Business (SQ LOB) Senior Manager for Air & Missile Defense & Tactical Missiles, (PAC-3, THAAD, TLVS, ATACMS & GMLRS) Programs in Grand Prairie, TX. Responsibilities Include: Principle Liaison with Central Supplier Quality for AMD & Tactical Missiles (Dallas) Programs. Principle Liaison with AMD & Tactical Missile Program Quality Managers and Supplier Quality customers. Provide leadership and oversight to ensure successful build and delivery of products and systems for applicable MFC locations. Provide leadership to program team to ensure implementation and adherence of quality, contractual, technical and procedural requirements. Engage with other functional organizations to drive process improvements and efficiencies. Manage quality improvements and initiatives within the AMD and Tactical Missiles Supply Chain. Establishes and implements departmental policy and procedures. Implement strategy and meet performance goals / objectives. Provide and be the mentor and coach for the team to ensure talent and skill development of the Q&MS; team. Desired Skills: Experience in quality, engineering or production of equipment for DoD customer base. Presentation preparation and public speaking skills. Working knowledge of QMS Data systems such as SAP, experience in the Quality Module considered a plus. Experience with creating and implementation methods for inspecting, testing and evaluating products. Experience with statistical analysis to assess cost and determine cause for products not meeting requirements. Previous experience working with International customers, including working proposals. Prior experience with missile design and manufacturing. Previous experience working with international suppliers and or customers Ability to lead a Quality team / staff at multiple manufacturing sites and across a large supply chain. Prior experience in working contract proposals. Certified in lean and six sigma quality engineering methodologies BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Must have the ability to obtain a Secret Security Clearance. Appropriate degree from an accredited college, or equivalent experience/combined education, with professional experience and specialized training commensurate with assignment. In-depth knowledge and experience in Quality processes and procedures. Previous Quality Management experience with product lifecycles including development through delivery / field support. Demonstrated written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present to a variety of audiences. Ability to develop and present executive level program performance briefings. Prior leadership experience including driving key program quality continuous improvement actions and metrics. Skills in auditing, root cause analysis and corrective action. Advanced personnel management and interpersonal skills Track record of development and implementation of affordability and process improvement efforts. Demonstrated proficiency in Full Spectrum Leadership attributes including (1) Deliver Results, (2) Shape the Future, (3) Build Effective Relationships, (4) Energize the team, and (5) Model Personal Excellence, Integrity and Accountability. Ability to travel. Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.