Auto req ID: 6272BR Title: Senior IT Business Relationship Analyst Job Function: Information Services/Technology State and City: Illinois, Chicago Company: Harley-Davidson Financial Services Full or Part-Time: Full-Time Job Summary Since 1903, our bold and unique purpose has been fulfilling dreams of personal freedom for our customers – and we live our purpose every day. It's more than just a business to us. Our passion for our products and loyalty to our millions of riders and fans worldwide inspire us to deliver premium products and unmistakable and unmatched experiences. Harley-Davidson Financial Services (HDFS), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Harley-Davidson, Inc., offers a wide range of financial products and services to motorcycle enthusiasts and Harley-Davidson dealerships. Products available to consumers include financing on motorcycles, MotorClothes™, and parts and accessories; cycle insurance; and extended service plans for Harley-Davidson® motorcycles. We need people who wake up every day with a passion for customers and who come to work with the creativity and drive to make amazing things happen. This isn’t just any company. And yours isn’t just any career. It’s part of your story. Write it with us and make it legendary. Within a product or capability area, the Sr. Analyst Business Relationship defines the needs of the business stakeholder and recommends technology solutions that deliver value. The Sr. Analyst Business Relationship assesses incoming Information Technology demand and provides inputs and cost estimates to support project prioritization. The Sr. Analyst Business Relationship oversees the documentation and management of requirements across multiple projects, performing the tasks themselves or managing the work of one or more business analysts. The Sr. Analyst Business Relationship monitors system performance to ensure it is meeting agreed upon service levels and identifies solutions or alternatives when it is not. The Sr. Analyst Business Relationship regularly meets with the business stakeholder to review system performance and plan for upcoming demand. This outstanding opportunity is located in Chicago, Illinois. This is what you’ll do... Be awesome and demonstrate H-D valued behaviors in everything you do: be accountable, model integrity, value individuality and diversity, inspire teamwork, and encourage creativity. Maintain requirements ensuring that requirements and designs are accurate and current throughout the lifecycle and facilitating reuse where appropriate. Leverage traceability to determine impact to other work products and sufficient coverage. Evaluate changing stakeholder requirements to determine if they need to be acted upon. Define performance measures of systems in service level agreements and collect monitoring and support ticket data to evaluate the effectiveness of a solution in relation to the value it brings. When necessary, identify alternatives and actions to improve solution performance and increase value realization. Communicate milestone dates to internal IT stakeholders and lead weekly status meetings with the suppliers and the testing team to ensure progress on deliverables. Escalate schedule concerns to leadership when necessary. Meet with business owners of systems in the portfolio to understand how well the systems are supporting their capabilities. Assist in the prioritization of defect fixes and enhancements and then manage the request for change process. When necessary, escalate incidents and problems with the operations team to ensure prompt attention and resolution. Participate in department continuous improvement initiatives and best practice areas. Education Required This position requires a High School Diploma or equivalent Experience Required We are looking for someone with… 5+ years of relevant technology and business process experience in banking or financial services area Experience working with business intelligence and reporting technologies such as Business Object Web Intelligence, Tableau, and Power BI Experience translating business rules into data models and data mapping requirements as part of a functional specification Demonstrated experience with requirement elicitation techniques such as requirements workshops, brainstorming, interviews, benchmarking, observation, and prototyping Experience leading, mentoring and developing other business analysts Supplemental Information Experience in all phases of the software development life cycle including requirements analysis, design, coding, testing, implementation, and support Mastery of requirements analysis tools such as use cases, user stories, domain models, conceptual models, activity diagrams, and data flow diagrams Experience collaborating with suppliers and support functions to deliver agreed levels of services both to end-users and customers Web, mobile, or fintech experience HDFS offers an inclusive compensation package including, but not limited to, annual bonus programs, health, dental and vision insurance benefits, a 401k program, employee discounts on products and accessories, exceptional training and advancement opportunities and more. We believe that employees do their best work when they are free to be themselves. This means our dress code is relaxed, and all types of work styles are welcomed. We provide equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. LI-KK1 Direct Reports: No Travel Required: 0-10%