Requisition ID: 206336 Are you passionate about information security and eager to jump start your career? Do you download security tools and figure them out in your spare time? Are you curious about reverse engineering and hunting for attacker activity? If so, then we have the perfect position for you. We are building the next generation computer Security Operations Center (SOC) for our global enterprise, and you can be a critical part of this creative, fast-paced, and exciting team. We are seeking information security specialists who have expertise in network security monitoring and incident response. The ideal candidates will have an open mind, bring a fresh perspective to the SOC team and be passionate about protecting, defending and responding to information security related events. Why Bechtel SOC? Use of bleeding edge tools, and analysis techniques Opportunity to work with some of the best-in-the-industry Incident Response personnel Great learning environment; continued learning is encouraged and supported As a SOC Analyst you will assist the team responsible for situational security awareness by pulling together information from a variety of systems and normalizing and correlating the information. The team provides real-time (or near real-time) detection and reaction services for information security incidents within the Bechtel enterprise. Must be a US Citizen. Shift Hours: Available shift hours will be Wednesday through Saturday, 10:00 PM - 8:30 AM Arizona time. Security Operations Center (SOC) personnel duties include but are not limited to: Provide detection and response to security events and incidents within the Bechtel Enterprise Network Thorough investigation of security alerts generated by our detection mechanisms (IDS, user reported, custom alerts, etc.) Utilize industry standard network and host forensic tools in order to fully understand the scope of an incident Work the full ticket lifecycle; handle every step of the alert, from detection to remediation Handle user reported cases of potential phishing, and spear phishing campaigns Research, and analyze wide variety of commodity and APT based malware and techniques Search our existing infrastructure for signs of malware, and malicious events not detected by our existing security controls Help develop, implement, and maintain SOC policies, processes and procedures SOC Analysts will be working with enterprise forensic capable systems, log analysis systems, and network collection systems to facilitate response to incidents on a global scale. You will work with industry respected malware, network and Incident Response analysts to coordinate a best in class response to computer related incidents. Basic Qualifications: For Level 1: At least 3 months of experience with at least two of the following: Network traffic tools, techniques and analysis Host forensics tools, techniques and analysis Malware reverse engineering tools, techniques and analysis IDS & IPS technologies, both signature and behavior based Windows event log analysis Level 2: At least one year of Scripting/Coding experience in Python, C, or JavaScript At least one year of experience of Host Forensics, Malware Reverse Engineering, or Network Forensics Required Skills: Passion for all things Information Technology and Information Security Natural curiosity and ability to learn new skills quickly Strong analytical, documentation, and communication skills Experience with trouble ticketing and change management tools Must be able to computer Preferred Skills: SANS Certifications, ideally GCIH, GCFE, GREM, GCFA Knowledge of Regular Expressions Experience with SIEM (Security Information Event Management) tools such as ArcSight or Splunk _Shaping tomorrow together_ _Bechtel_ _is among the most respected engineering, project management, and construction companies in the world. We stand apart for our ability to get the job done right—no matter how big, how complex, or how remote. Bechtel operates through four global business units that specialize in infrastructure; mining and metals; nuclear, security and environmental; and oil, gas, and chemicals. Since its founding in 1898, Bechtel has worked on more than 25,000 projects in 160 countries on all seven continents. Today, our 53,000 colleagues team with customers, partners, and suppliers on diverse projects in nearly 40 countries._ _An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without_ _regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected_ _veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability._