For 70 years, PUMA has developed fast products for the fastest athletes on the planet. Every day, our 13,000 employees across 120+ countries rally our SPEED & SPIRIT to deliver the iconic footwear, apparel and accessories capable of pushing sport and fashion forward. The PUMA world extends across Football, Running, Training, Fitness, Golf, Motorsports and design collaborations with icons such as Rihanna. But wherever you are, whether it's on the pitch, the runway or in the streets, the PUMA touch is instantly felt in the undeniable joy and excitement we bring to sport, fashion and culture. The PUMA Group owns the brands PUMA, Cobra Golf and Dobotex and is headquartered in Herzogenaurach, Germany. Assist, lead and manage future global growth of Basketball Apparel category. Possess basic knowledge of industry trends, consumer profiles, retail markets, and the competitive landscape. Assist the overall POD teams (design/development) in the creation of tactical product executions and innovations that position PUMA as the leader in Basketball. Participate in executing and implementing overall Basketball product line initiatives. Manage and execute to designated calendar milestones. Facilitate in communication with all parts of the organization once PLM Basketball team members are travelling. Analyze and report category business performance monthly. Assist with overall industry analysis, market research, consumer research and competitive analysis. Maintain all of the product information systems ensuring excellent data quality. Present all of the ranges, both internally to Puma merchandising and sales, and externally to key retailers / partners. Assist with Product Catalogue preparation, sell in tools preparation and set up at internal meetings. Liaise with PUMA promotion partners to ensure best product service according to athlete needs. Bachelor’s degree in Business, Marketing, or Finance. Credible knowledge of basketball apparel, and/or sports apparel market place as well as basketball consumer trends and market dynamics. General basic knowledge of international retail environment. Excellent communication and speaking skills. Strong leadership skills. High initiative, high energy, passionate, decisive, eye for detail, confident. Strong analytical, overall business orientation. Ability to frame and defend an alternative position General technical product knowledge. Ability to convincingly present category knowledge using PowerPoint and spreadsheet software tools. SPEED & SPIRIT is what we look for in our candidates, defined by some simple values that inspire us to BE DRIVEN in our performance, BE VIBRANT in our sporting legacy, BE TOGETHER in our team spirit, and BE YOU to let our individual talent and experience shine. Applying for a job at PUMA is easy. Simply click APPLY ONLINE and follow the steps to upload your application. PUMA is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. It is the policy of PUMA to prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type and to afford equal employment opportunities to all persons without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, gender, physical or mental disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.For additional information, please contact: us- hrrecruiter@puma.com