Overview Flex-N-Gate is a leading manufacturer and supplier of components for the automotive industry, recently ranked 10th of the 150 Top North American Suppliers in “Automotive News.” A growing and vital company, Flex-N-Gate provides a great opportunity for hard-working and skilled individuals. Scope of the Position Flex-N-Gate is seeking a full time, full stack PHP/ Javascript developer to join our growing in-house software development team. Our team deploys software solutions for a multitude of departments within FNG, scaling into a global enterprise-level system. These systems include Program Lifecycle Management System (FNG PLM), an enterprise level software system which is developed in house. Our software is written using the Laravel Framework, PHP, MySQL on the backend, and a Vue.js on the frontend. We also use modern tools including git, webpack, ES6, SASS, Bootstrap, Composer, npm, CI, etc.The ideal candidate is creative, and passionate about developing quality software, using good programming practices. Candidates should also have a strong willingness and aptitude to learn the latest web development technologies. This position can be based out of either: our Sterling Heights, MI location for (US applicants) or our Laksehore, Ontario location(Canadian applicants). Responsibilities Develop software used internally to facilitate business processes through the lifecycle of a program, from conception to production. Maintain existing software systems, including bug fixes, small enhancements, etc. Qualifications Web development, 3+ years of experience. PHP MVC Framework experience, preferably Laravel, including: Framework concepts, routing, service providers, etc. ORM and/or Active Record, such as Eloquent HTML templating, such as Blade, Smarty, Handlebars, Mustache, etc. Strong Javascript skills. Frontend framework experience, such as Vue.js, React or Angular. MySQL or equivalent, database design & normalization. Software development life cycle. Strong problem solving skills and a keen attention to detail. Code debugging skills and problem solving with minimal guidance. Jira, Trello, Aha! or similar project management tools. Post-secondary education in computer science or many years of experience. Works well in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. Good listening, interpersonal, written and oral communication skills. Highly self-motivated and directed. Desirable Skills & Experience Bachelor of Science. Version control software, preferably Git or SVN. com or equivalent. CSS Pre-compilers, Less or SASS. Continuous integration for style and testing. Composer and npm. Bootstrap, Tailwinds, Foundation or equivalent CSS framework. Web services, SOAP and/or RESTful. User experience / interface skills. Knowledge of the automotive or other manufacturing industry. Benefits Medical, dental, prescription, vision, life and disability insurance; and a flexible spending account 401(k) retirement savings plan with company match Extensive safety training, new hire orientation, continuous learning and development programs and tuition reimbursement Paid holidays and vacation time What do our employees have to say? “It engages you professionally, and provides learning opportunities.” “Lots of growth opportunity.” “The company’s young enough to be exciting, but old enough to be stable.” Not just a job—a great place to work! Flex-N-Gate is an equal opportunity employer. EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled.