We are: A team of engineers and finance geeks revolutionizing the finance service industry. Backed by BlackRock, we are a B2B2C enterprise SAAS company making software that allows our customers to retire in style. We’re growing at a rapid rate and we are looking to build new technology and processes to scale our business. We’re looking for team members who want to build impactful solutions to a really challenging problem: producing better financial outcomes for families. Job Description: The FutureAdvisor Engineering team is made of multiple functional teams responsible for all the software components, services and cloud infrastructure that power FutureAdvisor’s b2c and b2b (b2b2c) platform. The teams engineer a robust platform that encompasses modern (client centric) digital experience, asset management, portfolio intelligence, and development operations. ROLE/RESPONSIBILITIES: Responsible for the design and development of innovative security architectures for protecting data deployed into our cloud. This position will directly lead the security vision and strategy around cloud-based applications, across all types (Infrastructure, Platform, and Software). In charge of assessment, development, implementation, optimization, and documentation of a comprehensive and broad set of security technologies and processes (secure software development, application security, data protection, cryptography, key management, identity and access management, network security) within SaaS, IaaS, PaaS in cloud environments. A strong security posture in direct interaction with (Devops team) deployment orchestration, automation, and security configuration management (Jenkins, Salt, etc preferred). BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent experience. At least 5+ years’ experience as Security Architect and/or in Engineering focused on security. At least 3 years as a security architect directly contributing to systems/services and supporting them in production. At least 2 years working with common and industry standard cloud-native/cloud-friendly authentication mechanisms (SAML, OAuth, etc). At least 3+ years of exposure to service-oriented architecture for cloud-based services. At least 3+ years’ experience with cloud platforms such as Amazon Web Services (AWS). PREFERRED QUALIFICATIOS: Cloud security and architecture related certifications (Amazon AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Professional, Amazon AWS Certified DevOps Engineer - Professional). Experience with programming languages - extra bonus for Ruby on Rails and/or JVM-based language. Technical writing experience. Strong passion for security best practices and the ability to partner with other parts of the Engineering organization. Be resourceful and can work independently while communicating effectively with the team, Ability to work independently with minimal direction; self-starter/self-motivated FutureAdvisor is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We recruit, hire, train, promote, pay, and administer all personnel actions without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), sex stereotyping (including assumptions about a person’s appearance or behavior, gender roles, gender expression, or gender identity), gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, ancestry, medical condition, marital status, military or veteran status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable law. We interpret these protected statuses broadly to include both the actual status and also any perceptions and assumptions made regarding these statuses. BlackRock will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the law, including any applicable fair chance law.