The Foreign Policy Associate is responsible for research, writing, and conducting in-depth media analyses to prepare briefings for management meetings and other documents for internal use. In addition, the Associate will assist with external relations functions to facilitate the Foundation’s global outreach and maximize impact. Responsibilities Research and writing Prepare management briefings, press overviews, and country analyses; Compile weekly and biweekly reports on a variety of foreign policy topics; Prepare research, remarks, and other briefings in coordination with the Foreign Policy and Metrics team, and other departments as needed; Proactively monitor topics important to the work of the Foundation’s international programs Work closely on foreign policy issues with other departments, as well as partner and affiliate organizations; Occasionally produce written products and analyses related to the Foundation’s programmatic work – both domestic and international – and update legacy knowledgebase as needed; Assist in planning and managing events as needed, including through research and outreach; Maintains and expands databases on relevant subject matter, statistics, and forecasts as necessary. External communication Serve as a point of contact for the Foreign Policy and Metrics team internally and to the general public, handling foreign policy-related Foundation inquiries; Liaise with external parties as needed; Participate in meetings, prepare minutes, and assist in follow-up action steps. Internal Serve as a point of contact internally on matters related to the Foundation’s international partners and initiatives. Provide timely, accurate, and concise responses to internal suggestions and requests. Maintain and expand databases on relevant subject matter, statistics, and forecasts as necessary. Administration Handle mail and phone calls; receives visitors and staff; Perform administrative duties include filing, general phone work, and letter writing. Qualifications Education (Minimum Needed and Type of Degree Needed): Minimum Required: Bachelor’s Degree in international affairs, business, public policy, law, or related field. Preferred: Master’s Degree Work Experience (Minimum Needed): Minimum Required: 2 years related work experience. Preferred: Experience providing administrative support and working closely with senior leadership in an office environment is a plus Specialized Knowledge Needed for Performance of Job: Strong interest in international affairs, including familiarity of international organizations and governments, private sector, and non-governmental organizations and global/regional trends; Capacity to research wide variety of issues, both international and domestic. Understanding of international business, politics, development, and law helpful; Skills (e.g. Level of Judgment Required, Ability to Direct, Work Independently, Multi-Task, etc.): Attention to detail and excellent organizational skills Utmost discretion and judgment High degree of cultural sensitivity Very strong interpersonal and relationship management skills, and ability to build and maintain relationships with diverse sets of individuals in public, private, and non-profit sectors; Able to troubleshoot problems, come up with creative solutions, while also identifying issues which need to be escalated; Strong project management skills, sound judgment, ability to multitask and prioritize under tight deadlines; Strong teamwork and collaboration skills; ability to work with colleagues and partners nationally and internationally; Self-driven and results-oriented, with a positive outlook; Ability to adapt and work in a very flexible, fluid, and evolving environment. Special Skills (Technical or Advanced) Proficiency in MS Office, including Excel, Word and PowerPoint. Other (Communication Skills, Mechanical Aptitude, Math Skills, Learning Skills, or Other Specific Skills Required): Exceptional verbal and written communication skills, ability to present complex program and technical information concisely and to a wide variety of stakeholders, and ability to lead and facilitate meetings. Prior exposure to a diverse, multi-cultural work environment desirable; Foreign language skills – particularly Spanish, French and Arabic a plus Additional Comments Ability to work in a varying schedule including nights, early mornings, weekends and holidays. Ability to occasionally travel domestically and internationally, and work in multiple time zones as necessary. Physical and Other Requirements Travel Environment: Occasional long-distance travel (sometimes to developing countries) which may require walking distances, lifting and carrying luggage and boxes (>25 lbs.) or prolonged periods of sitting in tight quarters. Office Environment: Constant computer work requiring repetitive motion, prolonged sitting and sustained visual/mental demands. Occasional lifting, bending, pulling, collating, and filing, some of which may be heavy (>15 lbs.) and require use of carts. Equal Employment Opportunity Statement The Clinton Foundation maintains a strong policy of equal opportunity in employment. It is our objective to recruit, hire, and retain the most qualified individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation or identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic or status protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. Our equal employment philosophy applies to all aspects of employment, including recruitment, compensation, benefits, training, promotions, transfers, job benefits, and terminations.