The Security Analyst proactively manages security events to reduce the impact of security incidents and system compromises. The successful candidate will provide security monitoring, threat analysis, trend analysis, troubleshooting of security device monitoring and incident investigation using infrastructure and applications logs from across the enterprise. In addition, the Security Analyst role will also initiate and resolve security operation activities and serve as a technical leader for the operations team. What you get to do every day : Act as a point of escalation for investigation of system and network security events. Architect, build, and support threat monitoring dashboards. Enhance the analysis of threat data and develop remediation strategies. Perform forensic investigations, identify attack vectors and mitigation tactics. Spread security awareness through tech talks, lunch and learns, and community involvement. Monitor and analyze network security events. Set up triggers and review daily security events generated by SIEM, IDS and other security monitoring and threat intelligence tools. Perform research and analysis required for egress filtering, managing IDS rules, and responding to malicious traffic. Take part in the on call rotation. What you bring to the role: 1-5 years of hands-on experience with advanced SIEM in a versatile, fast-paced, startup environment Experience configuring and using logging, monitoring and alerting solutions to identify security events. Conceptual knowledge on different areas of computer security (network, application, cryptography, forensics, incident response, etc.) Basic understanding of computer networks (VLAN, IP addressing, security zones of trust, etc.)Understanding of common security attacks (DNS cache poisoning, ARP spoofing, DDoS, XSS, CSRF, SQL Injection, etc.) Knowledge of nix operating system and commands. Basic programming and scripting skills (includes ability to write regular expressions) (python, perl, bash, Ruby and/or other programming language). Excellent oral, written and documentation skills (A sense of humor never hurts as well!) Undergraduate degree required; B.S./B.A. Computer Science, Computer Engineering preferred. Professional security certifications are a plus. Excited to learn, work, grow, and advance your career. A Self-starter mentality and a creative outlook on how to approach security The best customer experiences are built with Zendesk. Zendesk’s powerful and flexible customer service and engagement platform scales to meet the needs of any business, from startups and small businesses to growth companies and enterprises. Zendesk serves businesses across a multitude of industries, with more than 125,000 paid customer accounts offering service and support in more than 30 languages. Headquartered in San Francisco, Zendesk operates worldwide with 15 offices in North America, Europe, Asia, Australia, and South America. Learn more at www.zendesk.com. Interested in knowing what we do in the community? Check out the Zendesk Neighbor Foundation to learn more about how we engage with, and provide support to, our local communities. Individuals seeking employment at Zendesk are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation. By submitting your application, you agree that Zendesk may collect your personal data for recruiting, global organization planning, and related purposes. Zendesk's Candidate Privacy Notice explains what personal information Zendesk may process, where Zendesk may process your personal information, its purposes for processing your personal information, and the rights you can exercise over Zendesk’s use of your personal information.