Purpose Integral participant in the development and review of the University's annual budget. Prepare and review various University and State compliance reports. Assist with budget, financial and human resources analysis and reporting. Assist Budget Office staff with day-to-day tasks. Essential Functions Review personnel actions via Human Resource Management System and budget adjustments and transfers via DEFINE accounting system for required UT System reporting. This includes preparing consent agenda items and maintaining appropriate documentation. Perform report data validation. Analyze and prepare budget and financial documents for the Budget Office. Review and analyze budget information prepared by departmental users and assist in the preparation of the University's annual operating budget. Act as initial point of contact to departmental users of the budget system and provide advice and technical assistance for all aspects of budget preparation, policy, analysis, and review. Prepare transactions via DEFINE accounting system and Human Resource Management System as needed. Assist with preparing, processing, and tracking commitments made by the President, Provost, and University Budget Council. Assist with the Legislative Appropriations Request. Assist in year- end processing as needed. Reconcile accounts and monitor revenue and expenditure budgets. Generate reports to analyze budget and financial operations. Interpret accounting data as it relates to the budget and analyze trends. Review and update policies and procedures. Respond to special requests, ad hoc reports, and other duties as assigned. Marginal/Incidental functions Work overtime, weekends and holidays as required. Other related functions as assigned. Required qualifications Bachelors degree in Accounting, Finance, Economics or other business related field. Two years experience in budget analysis and/or analysis of other accounting or financial data. Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel. Excellent verbal and communication skills. Excellent interpersonal skills. Strong organizational skills. Ability to work independently with limited supervision. Ability to research problems and to suggest creative solutions. Ability to deal with ambiguity. Professional demeanor. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Preferred Qualifications Demonstrated accuracy and attention to detail and the ability to multi-task. Experience related to essential job functions. Experience using Workday. Demonstrated ability to excel, to be highly motivated, to exercise initiative, and willingness to put forth an extra effort to get a task accomplished. Demonstrated ability to accept supervision and to be flexible with working assignments and environments. Experience with The University of Texas at Austin's financial system (DEFINE, FRMS) and Human Resource Management System (HRMS). Demonstrated proficiency and advanced knowledge of spreadsheet software. Experience extracting information from data warehousing applications. Working conditions May work around standard office conditions Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation Use of manual dexterity Climbing of stairs Work as a team member, independently, with confidential information, in multi-tasked environment; appropriate office attire, professional demeanor, accept supervision. Regular, punctual attendance. Extended hours may be required. A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus