Occidental Petroleum Corporation (NYSE: OXY) is an international oil and gas exploration and production company, and its OxyChem subsidiary is a major North American chemical manufacturer. We are one of the largest U.S. oil and gas companies, based on equity market capitalization, with more than 40,000 employees and contractors worldwide. Our greatest asset has been and will continue to be our people. We are looking for an experienced and motivated individual to fill the position of Planning Analyst within Permian EOR group based in Houston, TX. Essential Job Duties: As part of the “Portfolio Management Team” in Oxy Permian EOR, this person will support the Business Unit (BU) in managing both short and long term planning while ensuring compliance with company policies and procedures. This will be done by working closely with the Assets, Plants and Operational Support groups to gather, analyze and reconcile all necessary data to allow execution of these plans. Position Benefits: Interaction with many groups within EOR. Exposure to multiple facets of the EOR business unit (CO2 sourcing, gas plant capacity, operating expenses,etc…). Key Responsibilities: Learn the responsibilities of the Business Unit Planning Analyst as noted below Become an expert in BU’s business planning and reporting process, tools and data systems Support the BU with analysis of reserves, production, financial and other related data to plan and execute a successful program Planning Analyst Responsibilities: Provide guidance and support to BU technical personnel on Authorizations for Expenditure (AFE) and economic evaluations. Understand the business impact of forecasting and outlooking, specifically on performance metrics and, consistent with policy and procedure, analyzes Reserves data and provide change recommendations to BU personnel as appropriate. Ensure consistency between reserves ledger changes and reserves changes as reported in BU Business Plans and Capital Reconciliations Review project information within the accounting system to ensure accuracy Create and maintain necessary economic models for use within the BU Gather, analyze, and reconcile necessary data to submit periodic required documents and reports related to BU performance Assist in preparing monthly management reports. Coordinate State / Federal EOR tax incentives Support the annual Standardized Measure of Oil and Gas (SMOG) reporting for the BU; Support the submittal of the Business Unit annual business plan and long-term plan. Complete special projects as requested Qualifications Bachelors degree in Finance / Accounting or Petroleum Engineering Strong quantitative and financial skills Strong knowledge of accounting and finance including financial modelling and analytics Minimum of 5 years experience in the upstream oil and gas industry. Knowledge of and experience in economic evaluation and use of commercial software for petroleum project planning and economic analysis (e.g., Merak/Schlumberger PEEP, PalantirPlan, ARIES, etc.) Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) Strong interpersonal skills including ability to work with diverse team members in various locations Self-motivated and adaptable: can analyze problems and find solutions; can learn quickly and apply technical skills to resolve issues Advanced proficiency in data visualization, computational and documentation software (e.g., Spotfire, Microsoft PowerPoint, Power BI, Excel, Word) Strong organizational skills and the ability to manage work responsibilities for several projects concurrently Desired: Experience with Well and Reservoir Analysis software is a plus - Oilfield Manager (OFM) Masters, PhD degree in Finance / Accounting or Petroleum Engineering or CPA _Oxy is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Individual with Disability/Veteran Status_