We are searching for a Systems Administrator to support Cardiology – someone who works well in a fast-paced setting. In this position, you will maintain and administer software and hardware on major healthcare systems. This person will assist with new and existing applications, hardware architecture, operating system and layered products installation/ upgrades. You will identify, analyze, and resolve client problems by addressing root causes of problems via phone, email, remote and/or network monitoring systems. The Systems Administrator will provide support for resolution of customer problems, issues, requests and queries. Think you’ve got what it takes? Responsibilities Maintains operating system administration software Monitors and maintains system performance of Enterprise Servers Provides technical assistance and training in operating systems, hardware platforms, network protocols and vendor or third party utilities to Information Services staff Plans, installs and tests application software in production and test environments Ensures business continuity and participates in execution of disaster recovery plan Qualifications H.S. Diploma or GED 3 years of System Administration or Service Desk experience ITIL 3 - ITIL Version 3 Foundation Exam preferred Bachelor’s degree in computer science may be substituted for four (4) years of experience, an Associate’s degree in computer science may be substituted for two (2) years of experience, and an ITIL certification may be substituted for one (1) year of experience Highly Preferred: Experience supporting Clinical Systems in a Cardiac Catheterization Laboratory environment - Siemens Syngo Dynamics reporting software, Sensis Hemodynamics system, CardioLab Electrophysiology system Experience supporting Clinical Systems in a cardiac diagnostic environment - GE MUSE EKG system, GE MARS holter monitor system, LifeImage image transfer application, Merge Echo reporting and PACS package Company Profile Since 1954, Texas Children’s has been leading the charge in patient care, education and research to accelerate health care for children and women around the world. When you love what you do, it truly shows in the smiles of our patient families, employees and our numerous accolades such as being consistently ranked as the best children’s hospital in Texas, and among the top in the nation by U.S.News & World Report as well as recognition from Houston Business Journal as one of this city’s Best Places to Work for ten consecutive years. Texas Children’s comprehensive health care network includes our primary hospital in the Texas Medical Center with expertise in over 40 pediatric subspecialties; the Jan and Dan Duncan Neurological Research Institute (NRI); the Feigin Center for pediatric research; Texas Children’s Pavilion for Women, a comprehensive obstetrics/gynecology facility focusing on high-risk births; Texas Children’s Hospital West Campus, a community hospital in suburban West Houston; and Texas Children’s Hospital The Woodlands, a second community hospital opening in 2017. We have also created the nation’s first HMO for children, established the largest pediatric primary care network in the country and a global health program that is channeling care to children and women all over the world. Texas Children’s Hospital is also academically affiliated with Baylor College of Medicine, one of the largest, most diverse and successful pediatric programs in the nation. To join our community of 13,000 dedicated team members, visit texaschildrenspeople.org for career opportunities. You can also learn more about our amazing culture at infinitepassion.org.