Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Business Integrity's mission is to ensure safe and trusted connections between people, businesses, and Facebook. Our team works together to anticipate and predict potential threats to our platform, design and build tools to protect against these threats, and then implement and enforce these systems at scale. We leverage data analysis, machine learning and a robust infrastructure to review the quality of promoted content on our platform. We partner closely with several cross-functional teams, including product, engineering, and data science, to ensure high quality and safe experiences for both people and businesses across the Facebook family of apps. Successful candidates for this team are adaptable, creative, have a bias toward action, aren't afraid of being wrong, and can successfully work across various teams & countries. Opportunities are available in Austin, TX. RESPONSIBILITIES Develop compelling analyses to execute data-informed initiatives that help improve our support channels, improve the quality of our ad products and drive great service Apply expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and data visualization to see beyond the numbers and pull insights to help identify trends & opportunities to drive growth of our product & business Be a thought leader for data-informed initiatives and guide the team’s direction overall Conduct in-depth investigations leveraging large and complex data sets Partner with Data Science, Product and Engineering teams to solve problems at scale Inform, influence, and execute new strategies and tactics using analysis and impact metrics to support your positions MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS BA/BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Math/Finance, Physics, Economics, Statistics or other technical disciplines with experience in a quantitative field Experience with SQL Experience with reporting systems and data pipeline architecture Experience leveraging data to make decisions and solve problems Experience resolving, communicating, and presenting issues & insights to both technical and non-technical audiences Critical thinking and problem-solving experience Experience assessing, analyzing and resolving issues PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience working and communicating with global teams Experience with statistical analysis, and a statistical package such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, or Stata Development experience in at least one scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl) Advanced technical degree Experience working with or in support of diverse communities