Druva is changing the way companies protect their data. With a service- orientation toward the activities, tasks and processes that make up the day- to-day backup process, we help the modern enterprise protect their data quickly and securely regardless of where it resides, by being instantly available, scalable and easier to use than ever before. We’re disruptive. We work hard but try not to take ourselves too seriously. We are highly adaptable and constantly evolving. We are passionate about our product, and we live for our customers. We have high expectations and a career at Druva means challenging yourself to always be better. Druva is looking for a solutions architect for Cloud Ranger product. The Cloud Ranger solutions architect will work with Druva field teams, customers and partners to design/architect cloud data protection. Solution Architect will also manage feature requests and provide inputs from field team to the product team and engineering team. Candidates must have excellent communication skills and be very technical, with the ability to impress Cloud Ranger customers at any level, from executive to developer. Previous experience with cloud (read AWS) is desired but not required. The ideal candidate has hands-on experience designing and troubleshooting large-scale systems architecture, in addition to working experience with virtualized environments in the enterprise. You will get the opportunity to work directly with senior engineers at both top software vendors and Druva service teams, influencing their roadmaps and driving innovation. Responsibilities As a key member of the SA team, ensure success in designing & architecting solution for Druva Cloud Ranger customers Educate enterprise customers on the value proposition of Druva Cloud Ranger Author or otherwise contribute to Druva Cloud Ranger customer-facing publications such as whitepapers and proof of concepts In partnership with the sales team, formulate and execute a sales strategy to exceed revenue objectives through the adoption of Druva Cloud Ranger Build deep relationships with senior technical individuals within customers to enable them to be Druva Cloud Ranger Capture and share best-practice knowledge amongst the Druva Solutions Architect community With the field knowledge work to influence/shape product roadmap. Qualifications: An advanced degree in computer science, engineering or mathematics 3+ years experience building and designing solutions that run in virtualized environments 7+ years of highly technical, hands-on job experience 5+ years in customer facing role or extensive experience working with internal business leads to develop solutions. Organized and goal focused, ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment