Position Summary The Information Security Analyst: Policy & Awareness role is a position within the Information Security organization that provides support to the Company’s information security policy and awareness programs. The Information Security Analyst creates policies, procedures, and other security documentation through exceptional writing skills and partnering with key knowledge owners within the security team. Additionally, the Analyst will administer all security awareness programs for the Company, as well as technology tools for security awareness. Primary responsibilities include implementing administrative security measures to protect the enterprise. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Major responsibilities of the position are listed below. To perform the job successfully, the individual must be able to execute each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Administer security awareness programs for Blucora. Creation of policies, procedures, work instructions, and topical manuals relating to information security. Provide support to Advisors and customers on security policy & awareness, when needed. Track and facilitate the edits, approvals, and annual review of the security policy program. Facilitates the exception and waiver process. Leads the development of a cyber security metrics program. Creates and distributes security awareness phishing campaigns, monthly awareness articles, and administers the Information Security internal website. Facilitates the partner program for the information security organization. Other job duties as defined. Education and Experience 4 years of experience in information security. Bachelor Degree or higher in an Information Technology, Communications, or related field. Significant experience with technical writing, policy development, SharePoint site creation, and strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office suite. Strong organizational skills, facilitation, and project management experience. Comprehensive Benefits We offer a competitive salary, outstanding benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, life insurance, paid vacation and sick days, paid holidays, tuition reimbursement, and 401(k) with company match. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, or disability.