As a vSEC Sales Specialist with Check Point, you will have the exciting opportunity to drive revenue growth for Check Point’s latest cloud security technologies within an assigned geographic region. In this role, you will serve as a subject matter sales specialist, the “go to” resource for the field sales organization and customer interactions. You will be focused on developing, selling and closing revenue opportunities around Check Point’s Cloud Security products for both large and small customers. You will be expected to: Present to customers as a sales expert in Cisco ACI, VMWare NSX, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud. Be able to present compelling business case at all levels in the customer hierarchy, from network architects to CXOs. Often, you will be expected to discuss, with credibility, competitive offers in the marketplace and prove ours is the best option. Develop sales plan that is based on regional planning and pipeline focusing on Check Point’s Cloud Security technologies. Foster growth & track the vSEC sales pipeline by engaging with internal account teams, existing customers, net new prospects and key partners. Maintain an accurate overlaying forecast of business opportunities and bookings in your assigned geography Understand and navigate customer procurement preferences, embrace the online marketplaces (AWS, Azure, Distis), chaperone customers to long term commitments, identify, escalate and resolve potential roadblocks. Prepare and give regular business reviews to the management team highlighting attainment progress and challenges to closing business Increase awareness of Check Point’s solutions in the market place through regional cadence with partner teams (VMWare, Cisco, AWS, Azure and Google), local and national resellers, distributors, existing and net new accounts and technology consultants. Help develop relationships with new Born-in-the-Cloud partners who are critical to vSEC growth as well support relationship expansion with top existing partners for Public Cloud Ensure an active presence at relevant industry Trade Shows and Check Point organized events Grow to be a thought leader, trusted advisor and spokesperson for vSEC. Develop and leverage executive relationships required for your success The Sales Specialist Role is an overlay sales excellence role that directly supports sales delivery of carried quota. In order to be successful you will need to become a thought leader, trusted advisor and spokesperson for vSEC. Develop and leverage executive relationships required for your success. Meet or exceed revenue expectations on a monthly basis. Glassdoor LI-KG1 Desired Background Knowledge of Cisco, VMWare, AWS, Azure, Open Stack and other cloud and security technologies – from a technology and a business driver standpoint. A proven track record in consultative selling. 7+ years of cyber security or cloud technologies sales experience. Self-motivated and 'Whatever it takes' attitude to assist in closing a deal and deliver above quota results. Demonstrated ability to think strategically and develop/execute corresponding objectives. Strong verbal and written communications, as well as the ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations. Experience getting into and successfully interfacing with “C” levels College Degree or equivalent Travel of 60%-80% within the designated region. EOE M/F/Veterans/Disabled