Duties Summary DOL seeks to attract and retain a high performing and diverse workforce in which employees' differences are respected and valued to better meet the varying needs of the diverse customers we serve. DOL fosters a diverse and inclusive work environment that promotes collaboration, flexibility and fairness so that all individuals are able to participate and contribute to their full potential. This position is located within the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL), Office of Workers' Compensation Programs (OWCP), Division of Federal Employees’ Compensation (DFEC), Branch of Program Integrity, Fraud Prevention & Prescription Management (PIFPPM). The mission of DFEC is to administer the Federal Employees’ Compensation Act (FECA) (5 U.S.C. § 8101 et. seq.) by developing and adjudicating new claims for benefits, managing ongoing claims, authorizing and paying medical and compensation benefits to injured works and survivors, and helping injured employees return to work when they are able to do so. Reporting to the Program Integrity Branch Chief, the purpose of this position is to serve as a Worker’s Compensation Claims Examiner specializing in the development, authorization, adjudication of medical treatment requests to include pharmaceuticals such as opioids and compounded medications, and verification of continuing entitlement to benefits for injured workers receiving benefits under the FECA. This position is at the full performance level Relocation expenses are not authorized Additional selections may be made from this vacancy announcement Incumbent will be required to obtain the appropriate investigative/security level required This position is inside the bargaining unit Responsibilities Independently examines and adjudicates medical treatment requests, which include letters of medical necessity (LMN) for opioid medication, compounded medication, and compound opioid medication prescribed for a full-range of traumatic injuries and occupational illnesses, to determine if the evidence is sufficient to provide authorization. Significant complexity exists related to the appropriateness of treatment and impact on the injured worker’s ability to work both in the short- and long-term. Working closely with medical professionals and the employer, the incumbent conducts research, analyzes the best treatment options, and issues a determination outlining the rationale for that treatment. Independently examines and adjudicates a wide variety of treatment options when the injured worker has been receiving opioids or other medication on a long-term basis and is dependent, which includes Medication-Assisted Treatment and addiction treatment programs. Significant complexity exists related to the appropriateness of treatment to include utilization of Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs, which vary from State to State, evaluation of non-opioid therapies, compliance with drug testing, and monitoring programs and opioid dependency risk. To prevent health care fraud, the incumbent independently identifies potential conflict of interests or medical red flags when the claimant’s treating physician prescribes outside of accepted medical guidelines. This involves extensively probing, requesting, and reviewing data associated with a claimant’s requested prescriptions, medical and medication history, pharmaceutical history, and additional evidence if treatment is outside of accepted guidelines and dosage limitations for opioids and other medications. Reviews audit reports generated by Program Integrity analysts or submitted by employing agencies or the Office of Inspector General (OIG) community that identify potential duplication in services, inadequate prescription oversight, potentially dangerous prescription habits, or areas of potential fraud. Identifies trends or problems through data analytics or referrals from OIG; reviews case files and determines relevance of information received; and uses sound judgment to make appropriate decisions based on facts that support or refute health care fraud allegations. Examines medical treatment requests for factual and medical sufficiency and legal correctness. Evaluates a wide variety of medical evidence (e.g., medical documents, medical reports, diagnostic reports, etc.) submitted in support of medication authorization requests. Medical opinions may be insufficient or inconclusive, and there are frequent conflicts in medical opinions or between medical opinions and other facts and evidence requiring the incumbent to probe, question, and obtain evidence prior to making a final decision. Determines the extent and nature of the work-related condition as it relates to the need for treatment. Recognizes potential consequential illnesses based on review of medical evidence or medical reports that demonstrate a possible relationship to an accepted condition. Initiates development and review of evidence to determine the facts for a claimant’s medical prescriptions and dosage, where appropriate. Conducts appropriate research and investigation to ensure that decisions are consistent with law, regulations, opinions of the Solicitor, Employees' Compensation Appeals Board decisions, procedural manuals, and previous policy decisions. Determines the period of time when the medication or medical treatment is payable. Contacts claimants and/or their representatives, physicians, and other medical providers to obtain missing or supplemental medical evidence to support an authorization request. Develops questions and defines issues for physicians in cases that involve the need for supplemental medical information, resolution of conflicting medical documentation, or medical authorization requests. Initiates referrals to second opinion and referee examiners, or for a records review by a District Medical Advisor, which includes preparing questions and a statement of accepted facts and reviewing returned medical reports to ensure the medical consultant has answered all questions posed for a decision-making. Provides assistance to claimants and/or their representatives on questions and issues surrounding medication and other medical services and/or treatments. Determines the need for, schedules, and conducts conferences to resolve controversial treatment issues with the treating physician, field nurse, claimant, and other medical providers and interested parties. Makes decisions on the controversial issue encountered during the conference, and prepares a memorandum of decision made as a result of the conference for incorporation into the official case record. Serves as a mentor with responsibility for training, advising, and assisting staff with less experience or knowledge. Travel Required Occasional travel - Occasional travel to attend meetings and/or training. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 12