In this job, you'll be part of a small team supporting about 30 OS X Macs and Mac servers (firewalls, and web, mail, and database servers) and two PCs at two offices near UT. We use wiki style IT documentation, training, and project management. Based on your skills, you're likely also to work on database development, system design, security, troubleshooting for users, expansion of our website, and maintenance. Qualifications It's helpful if you have experience with some of the following: OS X and OS X Server, scripting languages (such as AppleScript, PHP, Ruby/Rails, JavaScript) and programming languages (such as Java, C++), and computer security. However, we can provide training to anyone who has high analytical aptitude and is planning to stay long-term. Please explain any experience or interest in these areas on your application. Any of these abilities will be a plus: database design (such as FileMaker Pro), web design or development of dynamic or ecommerce websites, SEO, project management, technical writing. Hours This position can be part-time or full-time. Scheduling is between the hours of 8 a.m. and 5:30 p.m., and this position is on-call after hours (rare incidents). Pay Pay is dependent on experience. Please specify your pay requirements on your application. Schedule can be 18-40 hours a week. Part-time scheduling is between 8:00 a.m. and 5:30 p.m. Benefits PPO type health insurance for full-time employees. Dental, vision, and life available. Accidental death and dismemberment insurance Six paid holidays Flexible work schedule Business casual dress Ultra-filtered AC system and water fountain A location 3 blocks from UT and a half-block from the Museum District bus stop. A full kitchen Onsite parking Support of the City’s Green Choice Renewable Energy Program Mac work computers A large window and private bathroom in each office Positive work environment Lawyer's Aid Service, Inc., is a small, stable company of about 15 full- timers and part-timers. It’s never had a layoff. About a quarter are students. We aim for a workplace that is positive and cooperative, with a friendly team spirit. Flexible schedules You can request a switch between full-time and part-time and request a change in your schedule if part-time. Schedules are 18-40 hours a week except where noted. Part-time scheduling is between 9:00 a.m. and 5:30 p.m. Afternoon scheduling is emphasized, as that's when we are busiest. One central location next to UT Lawyer's Aid Service's office is located in Austin, Texas at 408 West 17th Street, between Guadalupe and San Antonio. UT and ACC Rio Grande students who work here find it easy to park at work, walk to class, and then walk back to work.