About GoDaddy GoDaddy powers the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures. With nearly 17 million customers worldwide and over 75 million domain names under management, GoDaddy is the place people come to name their idea, build a professional website, attract customers and manage their work. Our mission is to give our customers the tools, insights and the people to transform their ideas and personal initiative into success. To learn more about the company visit www.GoDaddy.com. This position will provide database administration and database engineering functionality for the Aftermarket supporting the infrastructure for Afternic, Auctions and Parking. This will include work for short term initiatives as well as long term infrastructure involvement. This may include the rewrite and maintenance of the Aftermarket Inventory Management System, the rewrite of the GoDaddy Parking and rewrite of the Afternic DLS network. As a Senior Database Admin in our Cambridge office, you will partner closely with several Scrum teams assisting with user stories for both a Java platform team and a full stack, customer-facing product team responsible for GoDaddy’s aftermarket domain services. We are seeking to scale out our services globally and make them as mobile-responsive as possible. The role will assist in developing and maintaining the long term infrastructure as we scale our marketplace around the globe. We value strong database engineers. They should be confident in delivering quality work with focus on performance and scale. They will be embedded in teams working full-stack and be part of decision making processes for delivering applications and services for our customers. They should have an eye on the future to ensure we are delivering for the growth of our market. Responsibilities: Works in a team to maintain all SQL Server and open-source (MySQL, MariaDB,) databases for various Aftermarket initiatives, including setup, configuration, administration, tuning, trouble-shooting, data manipulation and backups. Works closely with software developers performing platform selections, database design, database architecture, SQL programming, consultation and technical guidance. Performs requirements gathering, business design, technical design, development, testing, implementation. writing reliable and efficient code, queries, stored procedures, cursors, triggers and scripting in MySQL and other platforms Recommends hardware configurations as they pertain to database performance and high availability. Performs database performance monitoring and tuning, including advanced skills in the effective use of database tools. Creates and maintains backup and recovery plans and high availability planning. Responsible for the organization, security and protection of the databases and data. Provides daily operational activities such as backups/restores, application troubleshooting, log monitoring, adds, moves and changes. Works with other Technology Team members, Product Networking and Tech Support for any application development, network plans, trouble-shooting, implementations and changes on the database servers. Participates in the on-call production support rotation and may occasionally be required to do work at the office during non-business or late night hours. Participates in projects as needed. _GoDaddy is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We will not discriminate against any applicant or employee on the basis of age, race, color,_ _creed, religion,_ _sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, medical condition, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status or civil partnership/union status, physical or mental_ _disability, pregnancy,_ _childbirth, genetic information, military and veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. GoDaddy will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with local and federal requirements._ If you need assistance completing an application for a position with us, please reach out to our Recruiting Team at Recruiting@godaddy.com To submit your application to this position, please click _Apply_ .