Since 1851, MassMutual’s commitment has always been to help people protect their families, support their communities, and help one another. This is why we want to inspire people to Live Mutual. We at MassMutual value diversity and inclusion. We’re people helping people. A career with us means you will work alongside exceptional people and be empowered to reach your professional and personal goals. Our employees are the foundation of what makes MassMutual a strong, stable and ethical business. We seek and value unique and varied perspectives and experiences because we believe we are stronger when all voices are heard. We invite you to bring your bright, innovative ideas to MassMutual as we continue to help millions of Americans rely on each other. Together, we’re stronger. Description We seek a Data Engineer to join our team to implement scalable data management and analytics solutions. This role will be responsible for creating and maintaining high performance data pipelines including data validations and transformations using cloud based big data technologies: Data Ingestion: Ingest data from a multitude of sources into the Data Lake. Data Validation & Transformation: Use Python and Apache Spark to validate and transform data to support individual use cases Build Analytical Models: Develop advanced analytical and statistical models to support business use cases and migrate existing models to the cloud. This role will be based out of our Boston, MA office and will require collaboration with MassMutual IT and vendor teams. Key role responsibilities Define, implement and validate solution frameworks and architecture patterns for data modeling, data integration, processing, reporting, analytics and visualization using leading cloud, big data, open source and other enterprise technologies Develop scalable data and analytics solutions leveraging standard platforms, frameworks, patterns and full stack development skills Analyze, characterize and understand data sources, participate in design discussions and provide guidance related to database technology best practices Write tested, robust code that can be quickly moved into production Train other team members (internal and vendor) on architecture best practices and development standards/conventions Review solutions developed by other team members to ensure alignment with established standards and guidelines Continue to enhance standards and patterns in alignment with MassMutual IT and Customer Experience teams Evaluate new technologies and libraries. Plan and lead migration of existing solutions to new platforms, technologies and frameworks Qualifications 3+ years of advanced software development experience using Python, Scala, Java etc. 2+ years of experience with building scalable big data and analytics solutions Experience with distributed data processing and management systems Experience with cloud technologies including AWS S3, EMR/Spark, Lambda etc. Familiarity with leveraging and modifying open source libraries to build custom frameworks 2+ years of experience with databases (SQL/NoSQL/MPP, Vertica, PostgreSQL, HANA etc.), data modeling and database design Demonstrated ability to learn and apply new technologies and frameworks quickly Strong verbal and written communications skills Bachelors or advanced degree in Computer Science or related discipline with a minimum of 3 years of related experience Preferred Qualifications Familiarity with automating deployment, scaling and management of containerized applications leveraging tools such as Docker and Kubernetes Experience with BI tools (Tableau, MicroStrategy, R-Shiny etc.) Ranked No. 77 in the annual FORTUNE ® 500 Ranking (FORTUNE ® Magazine, June 2017) and recognized as a World’s Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere, MassMutual is guided by a single purpose: We help people secure their future and protect the ones they love. As a company owned by our policyowners, we are defined by mutuality and our vision to put customers first. It’s more than our company structure – it’s our way of life. We are a company of people protecting people. Our company exists because people are willing to share risk and resources, and rely on each other when it counts. At MassMutual, we Live Mutual. CORE VALUES Focus on the Customer: We understand our customers well and look for every opportunity to deliver an experience that is clear, easy, personal, human, empowering and trustworthy. Act with Integrity: We deliver on our promises by being open, honest and humble and by adhering to the letter and spirit of applicable laws, rules, regulations and company policies. Value People: We respect and learn from each other’s diverse backgrounds, experiences and ideas. We engage and develop people to their greatest potential. Work Collaboratively: We work together to achieve results by actively listening, seeking, understanding and creating solutions as a unified team driving toward one company, one culture, one brand. Achieve Results: We focus on winning by exceeding expectations and getting better – everyone, every day. For more information, visit www.massmutual.com or find us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Google+, Instagram and Pinterest. _MassMutual is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer_ _Minority/Female/Sexual_ _Orientation/Gender Identity/Individual with Disability/Protected Veteran. We welcome all persons to apply._