MORE ABOUT THIS JOB What We Do At Goldman Sachs, our Engineers don’t just make things – we make things possible. Change the world by connecting people and capital with ideas. Solve the most challenging and pressing engineering problems for our clients. Join our engineering teams that build massively scalable software and systems, architect low latency infrastructure solutions, proactively guard against cyber threats, and leverage machine learning alongside financial engineering to continuously turn data into action. Create new businesses, transform finance, and explore a world of opportunity at the speed of markets. Engineering, which is comprised of our Technology Division and global strategists groups, is at the critical center of our business, and our dynamic environment requires innovative strategic thinking and immediate, real solutions. Want to push the limit of digital possibilities? Start here. Who We Look For Goldman Sachs Engineers are innovators and problem-solvers, building solutions in risk management, big data, mobile and more. We look for creative collaborators who evolve, adapt to change and thrive in a fast-paced global environment. Collaborate with Technology Division teams as a pool of developers dedicated to delivering key priorities. Act as ‘surge squad’ responsible for accelerating a specific high impact Technology Division project. R&D; Engineers are accomplished creative thinkers who contribute their own original perspectives and ideas to a highly collaborative environment that values real world delivery in order to drive business demands and outcomes. As a R&D; Engineer, you would be working in an enthusiastic and self-starting team of talented individual contributors with diverse opinions who relish the opportunity to pursue a wide variety of challenging problem spaces. R&D; Engineers are expected to be working with core businesses to fundamentally push the boundaries in FinTech RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS HOW YOU WILL FULFILL YOUR POTENTIAL Explainable Machine Learning and Applied Artificial Intelligence Verification and Security on Distributed Ledgers and Block Chains Game Theory and Quantum Computing Optimizations in Large Scale Distributed Calculations Robotic Process Automation SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE WE ARE LOOKING FOR Engineering Graduate with 10 to 12 years of experience ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world. Â© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2018. All rights reserved Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet.