Golden State Water Company is one of the largest investor-owned water utilities in the United States. We have been all about water for more than 80 years. Our team of professionals delivers reliable, quality water and great service to customers in 75 communities across California. Accountability The Water Supply Operator I is an entry-level position and is considered to be in a training status requiring immediate to general supervision. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Operates and monitors a variety of water supply and treatment equipment such as: Pumping systems Chemical feeders Measuring and control systems Assists with maintenance of plant equipment and facilities Performs water level measurements on groundwater wells Loads and unloads chemicals Performs basic laboratory analytical techniques on water samples Collects samples for analytical purposes Performs calculations related to dosing, flow rates, and other weights and measures Complies with all safety standards and practices as they pertain to equipment, facility operations and chemical handling May require after hour work due to 24 hour operation. Available for emergency response, 24 hours/day, seven days/week. Must reside within 25 miles of the nearest water system boundary where assigned in order to respond to emergencies. Performs other duties as assigned. The above job description is not intended to be, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all responsibilities, skills or competencies associated with this job. Minimum Qualifications High school diploma or equivalent. Familiar with PC applications such as Windows, Word Processing, Spreadsheets and Internet. SWRCB Water Treatment Plant Operator 1 certification SWRCB Water Distribution Operator 1 certification preferred Have good communication (both written and verbal) and organizational skills. Maintain physical condition appropriate to the performance of assigned duties and responsibilities which may include standing for extended periods of time, lifting heavy loads, kneeling, crawling, and climbing Valid California Driver’s license. NOTE: Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with special needs to perform the essential functions. May include working in all weather conditions, during all hours of the day. Physical demands include but are not limited to standing, climbing, walking, lifting, bending, pulling and/or pushing, grasping, reaching, stooping and crouching, sitting, typing, walking, reading, writing, color determination, speaking and listening for extended periods of time. Technical Skills and Experience One year as a Water Distribution Operator or two years’ experience in the water utility industry. Basic math skills. Knowledge of basic plumbing skills Recognize unusual, inefficient or dangerous operating conditions Qualities of a Successful Water Supply Operator I Trustworthy; strong personal integrity Demonstrates strong level of accountability and ownership Collaborative/Team oriented Emotional Maturity Exhibits professionalism with internal and external customers Organized with strong attention to detail and time management skills High degree of initiative; self-starter