OneSky Flight is seeking an experienced Full Stack Engineer who is passionate about innovation and web technologies to help us build engaging, intelligent web applications for our private jet operations teams. We support the technology needs of four established private jet brands Flexjet, Flight Options, Sentient Jet, and Sky Jet. We are constantly updating our operations systems and are adding to the team to enable us to do even more. Have you always wanted to work for an innovative company that has the agility of a startup but has decades of experience as an industry leader within a fast-paced and growing industry like private aviation? DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES As a full stack engineer, you would be responsible for developing new features and optimizing existing features in our suite of operations applications. You will develop code that is efficient, smart and impactful. Our operations systems are core to our business. Your work will be highly visible. Make decisions on best UI practices for optimal online experiences. Learn about the private jet / fractional jet industry and develop creative new features to enhance the capabilities of our operations and owner services teams. EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, MIS, or related field; or equivalent combination of education and experience Strong background w/ Javascript frameworks (preferably Angular JS) Strong Experience w/ C, MVC, .Net 4.0+, Entity Framework 6.0+ Experience with JS UI components (preferably JQ Widgets) Two+ years of experience with JQuery, Angular, and other JS libraries. Two+ years of experience with ASP.NET/C in a corporate environment Two+ years of experience building data driven applications using a service oriented architecture. Must have a love for visual design and UX Up and current with trending development tools and workflows including TFS and Git. REQUIRED SKILLS Experienced web developer with the ability to work productively in a fast-paced environment. Excellent communication skills with the ability to understand business concepts and their impacts on development efforts, and the ability to communicate technical issues and engage in productive, thoughtful discussions about the implementation Ability to adapt quickly to an existing, complex environment. Self-motivated, independent, with exceptional relationship management skills. Exceptional attention to detail. Well-developed interpersonal skills that promote and foster a team culture. Possess excellent organizational skills, and communication skills both written and verbal Ability to work independently, as well as, part of a team, and manage their time across multiple tasks. A do-what-it-takes approach that thrives in a fluid and ever-changing environment A PLUS BUT NOT REQUIRED Have prior experience in travel or aviation Have experience with location based services Holds a pilot’s license or is working towards obtaining his or her pilot’s license