POSITION SUMMARY Provides the SBA Department with efficient support and administrative assistance relating to loan documentation, loan accounting and loan file maintenance in strict accordance to SBA Standard Operation Procedures, Bank Loan Policy and Bank Procedure Policy as directed by the SBA Operations Supervisor. Provides a high level of customer service to both internal and external customers. Enhances business relationships with customers and referral sources and positively represents the brand image of the bank. Major areas of accountability include: customer service, loan operations, loan auditing assistance, lender support, and payment preparation. ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Customer Service Provides customer contact that is friendly and action-oriented. Greets customers Provides telephone overflow services Schedules appointments SBA Loan Operations Assist with coordination of loan processing and documentation for SBA loans to ensure integrity of the SBA guarantee and the bank’s Preferred Lender Status (daily). Oversee loan accounting functions to ensure accuracy and timeliness. Coordinate secondary market loan sales based on the direction of the Government Lending Manager. Coordinate software maintenance of SBA systems (TSoft) to ensure proper specifications are in place and/or adjusted as required. Assist in the implementation of new procedures Loan Auditing Assistance Assists with the loan auditing system to ensure that SBA loans are closed and serviced in a manner consistent with SBA and Bank Standard Operating Procedures and Loan Policy. Payment Preparation Prepares payments in an accurate and timely manner. QUALIFICATIONS Education and/or Experience Bachelor’s degree in Business, Finance or Accounting Two (2) years related SBA Operations experience required; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Technical Skills Solid skill set in the use of Microsoft Office Suites required. Experience with Fiserv/ITI software preferred. Experience with SBA systems (Tsoft) Communication Skills Strong interpersonal skills including the ability to write letters, reports and other correspondence Ability to speak professionally and effectively with customers and employees. Ability to read and interpret complex banking laws, SBA Guidelines and regulations. Analytical Skills Solid analytical skills. Strong ability to prioritize. Strong ability to solve problems and prioritize multiple tasks and responsibilities. Ability to make independent decisions with a proven record of sound judgment. Ability to meet required deadlines.