Overview Bedrock’s IT Manufacturing Business Analyst is responsible to review, analyze, and evaluate business processes and organizational needs. To gather and document business requirements, define scope and objectives, and identify system modifications needed to support these business requirements and initiatives. This position will follow defined departmental standards, and help define new ones as appropriate, as well as advise and transfer knowledge end users. A successful candidate will need to interact directly with business owners and business users, as well as other functional Business Analysts, Project Managers, and Support staff. Responsibilities Work directly with internal customers to analyze, and document existing business processes and Standard Operating Procedures (SOP). Work directly with internal customers to determine business processes improvements and system modifications. Work directly with internal customers to identify and develop new business processes and system modifications. Identify and gather business requirements, using use cases, data modeling, process modeling, context diagrams, systems diagrams, etc. Develop functional specifications for system modifications. Develop Test Cases and Test Plans. Responsible to test system changes within specified functional areas, and regression testing. Modify existing Dynamics AX configurations to meet business needs. Maintain an expertise within the appropriate Dynamics AX functional area and configuration. Provide end-user support for Dynamics AX, using current internal support processes and tools. Create and manage support tickets and coordinate support activities as needed. Provide end user training. Qualifications Two-year college degree required or applicable trade school, or equivalent working experience. Four-year college degree preferred. 3+ years Dynamics AX for Manufacturing experience. 3+ years experience working with core manufacturing business processes (Shop Floor Controls, Material and Resource Planning/Scheduling, Production Routing, Bill of Material Costing, and Warehouse Management) 3+ years experience in business system analysis and business process improvement. Experience writing functional requirements specification for Dynamics AX 2012. Recent experience with Dynamics AX 2012 implementations and configurations. Excellent communication, both verbal and written. Strong requirements gathering skills (interviewing business owners and operational users). Excellent project management and organizational skills. Shinola is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status. I you need assistance on an accommodation during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request. The company is pleased to provide such assistance, and no applicant will be penalized as a result of such a request. LI-POST