Cloud Security Architect AIR Worldwide (AIR) is a member of Verisk Analytics Family – recently ranked 18 on Forbes most innovative companies worldwide. We are the scientific leader and most respected provider of risk modeling software and consulting services. We founded the catastrophe modeling industry in 1987 and today model the risk from natural catastrophes and terrorism in 90 countries. AIR offers the opportunity to work with advanced technologies, global clients, and hundreds of the most innovative, talented minds in the industry. AIR is looking for a Cloud Security Architect who will be responsible for the design, development of innovative security architectures for protecting systems and data deployed into different types of cloud and cloud/hybrid systems. This position will directly contribute to the overall cloud architecture and contribute to the security vision and strategy around cloud- based applications. The Role: The ideal candidate will be able to work with stakeholders, including IT, business, product, and software development team members to influence the application dataflow design and extensible product platform architecture. The role will perform the following (but not limited to) tasks; Serve as the Cloud Security Architect / SME for high visibility cloud computing initiatives Devise a strategy to secure information assets and cloud application services Create security standards & reference architectures for cloud deployments Identify gaps in existing application security infrastructure to meet project requirements Consult with IT and security staff to ensure that security is factored into the evaluation, selection, installation and configuration of hardware, applications and software. Analyze and design controls to secure public/private/hybrid cloud deployments Perform code analysis and application security reviews Work with leaders and team members at all levels and across functional lines You should have: Bachelor’s degree in technical field with 10+ years’ experience as a Security Architect and/or Engineering Production experience in AWS and/or Azure with focus on application security. Knowledge and understanding of application or software security such as: web application penetration testing, secure code review, secure static code analysis, and vulnerability remediation Understanding of the OWASP Top 10 applicationsecurity risks and how to address them Working knowledge of relevant security regulations such as ISO and SOC2 Cloud Security and Architecture related certifications a plus Strong interpersonal and communication skills; ability to work in a team environment About AIR Worldwide AIR Worldwide (AIR) provides risk modeling solutions that make individuals, businesses, and society more resilient to extreme events. In 1987, AIR Worldwide founded the catastrophe modeling industry and today models the risk from natural catastrophes, terrorism, pandemics, casualty catastrophes, and cyber incidents. Insurance, reinsurance, financial, corporate, and government clients rely on AIR’s advanced science, software, and consulting services for catastrophe risk management, insurance-linked securities, site-specific engineering analyses, and agricultural risk management. AIR Worldwide, a Verisk (Nasdaq:VRSK) business, is headquartered in Boston, with additional offices in North America, Europe, and Asia. For more information, please visit www.air-worldwide.com. All members of the Verisk Analytics Family of Companies are equal opportunity employers. LI-A01