Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN) is a bold, global pharmaceutical company and a leader in a new industry model - Growth Pharma. Allergan is focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing branded pharmaceutical, device, biologic, surgical and regenerative medicine products for patients around the world. Allergan markets a portfolio of leading brands and best-in-class products for the central nervous system, eye care, medical aesthetics and dermatology, gastroenterology, women's health, urology and anti-infective therapeutic categories. With commercial operations in approximately 100 countries, Allergan is committed to working with physicians, healthcare providers and patients to deliver innovative and meaningful treatments that help people around the world live longer, healthier lives every day. Allergan is a company that will inspire you to aim high with your ambition. Where you can build bridges all over the world. Where you can power ideas that drive change. And where you will act fast and drive results for customers and patients. Power your future & join our bold team. Position Overview Summary: Allergan’s BI Data Warehouse Specialist position supports ETL, data mining and corporate reporting solutions activities. This role works with Tableau , OLAP, MS SQL, MS Access, MS Visual Studio, Network Automation Automate , MS Excel and current generation management presentation tools. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following (other duties may be assigned.): Administer and support a multi-tier Tableau infrastructure including analysis and planning, security administration, release management, troubleshooting, performance tuning, and general systems maintenance Use MS SQL Query Language to create queries to support ETL routines for the data warehouse and management needs. Use MS SQL Query Language to identify, troubleshoot and investigate data inconsistencies. Perform analysis, design and coding and unit testing of complex system functionality and/or defect correction. Facilitate and or perform root cause analysis of system issues to minimize impact and future occurrences. Participate in Business Intelligence second level Service Desk support. Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Identify, record and document bugs Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client need Proficiency with Automate BPA administration and troubleshooting Assume additional responsibilities as assigned. _Requirements_ Associate’s Degree or equivalent work experience. A minimum of 5 years SQL experience required Need to be a self-starting, quick learning, detail oriented and highly motivated individual that works well in a team setting and possesses excellent interpersonal skills with end users. Very strong SQL skills and a thorough understanding of database constructs Excellent organizational skills. Excellent communication, written, and interpersonal skills. Experience with Automate BPA a plus Tableau experience preferred Responsible for performing all duties in compliance with FDA’s Quality System Regulation (QSR), ISO13485, the Canadian Medical Device Regulations, and all other international regulatory requirements with which ZELTIQ complies. Language and Verbal Skills: Individual must have excellent verbal and written communication skills and a demonstrated ability to communicate clearly and professionally. Math Skills: Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations. Analytical and Reading Skills: Ability to read, understand and abide by company procedures. Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, draw valid conclusions and report on findings . _Education_ Associate’s Degree or equivalent work experience.