Pharmacyclics is committed to the development and commercialization of novel therapies intended to improve the quality and duration of life and to resolve serious unmet medical needs for cancer patients. Pharmacyclics is a wholly- owned subsidiary of AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV), a global, research-based biopharmaceutical company. Oncology is a key therapeutic area for AbbVie, with a portfolio consisting of three marketed products and a pipeline containing multiple promising new molecules that are being studied in more than 200 clinical trials for over 20 different types of cancer. More than 1,200 Pharmacyclics and AbbVie research scientists, clinicians, marketing, operations and corporate professionals work in the San Francisco Bay Area. They combine their expertise in immuno-oncology, stem cells, and cell-signaling with their knowledge of bispecific antibodies, antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs), and covalent-inhibitor technologies to discover and develop novel cancer treatments. Together, we are striving to outsmart cancer. To learn more about us, please visit us at http://www.pharmacyclics.com/ Technical expert that will independently investigate, identify, develop and improve existing and new laboratory methods/techniques and processes, to address critical DMPK project needs. Continuously read and adapt literature to accomplish assignments. Demonstrate mastery of a broad range of in vitro ADME experimental techniques and methods of data analysis required to support Pharmacyclics drug discovery and development projects. Reports into Drug Metabolism function and works closely with bioanalytical and PK scientists to support early Discovery and lead optimization. Key Accountabilities/ Core Job Responsibilities: Independently design, execute and interpret critical experiments to answer scientific questions. Understand the broad objectives of the project as well as their role in achieving those objectives, and modify experimental plans when required, to respond to project needs. Ability to effectively communicate study design, set and meet experimental timelines, innovate and implement experimental protocols and generate high quality data. Demonstrate a high level of proficiency in in vitro ADME techniques. Contribute to writing and conceptual framework of publications, presentations, and patents. Effectively organize and present scientific plans and data. Understand and adhere to corporate standards regarding code of conduct, safety, appropriate handling of materials, controlled substances, radioactive compounds and GxP compliance. Extensive cell culture experience and capable of performing bi-directional permeability studies using Caco2, MDCK or similar cell lines. Conduct in vitro metabolism studies (CYP induction, protein binding and stability etc.) and perform data analysis to quantify test compounds/metabolites in various matrices, including plasma, microsomes, hepatocytes etc. Proficient in operating and trouble-shooting HPLC-tandem Mass spectrometer (LC-MS/MS). Effectively manage numerous tasks/projects simultaneously to meet internal/external deadlines while maintaining organizational integration within DMPK team. Proficient in the use of electronic lab notebook and capable of good record keeping. Qualifications: BS or equivalent education with typically 7 or more years of experience or MS or equivalent education with typically 5 or more years of experience. Demonstrated ability to learn, understand and master new experimental techniques and act as a resource or mentor for others. Demonstrated scientific writing skills and strong verbal communication skills LC/MS/MS assessment of metabolism using unlabeled and radiolabeled test compounds. Ability to fully operate, maintain and troubleshoot Mass spectrometers, HPLC/UPLC systems, auto sampler and data software systems. Capable of optimizing conditions for quantitation and chromatographic separation of analytes in biological samples. Ability to effectively work in a team environment. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled