Job Description: Job Summary Under the direction of the Director of Nursing Administrative Services/Nursing Education or designee, the Staffing Coordinator is responsible to facilitate and coordinate the daily staffing and scheduling processes for the assigned units to ensure that the appropriate staffing levels are achieved. In addition to the above responsibilities, the Staffing Coordinator working the night shift, will also be responsible to provide certain functions of a Customer Services Representative at the Information Desk. The Customer Services Representative welcomes, greets and directs patients, families and visitors entering the hospital. Provides information regarding patient, staff or physician clinic locations. Works with patient care unit staff to screen visitors for infectious diseases. Essential Functions The essential functions listed are typical examples of work performed by positions in this job classification, and are not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, tasks, and responsibilities. Specific duties and responsibilities may vary depending on department or program needs without changing the general nature and scope of the job or level of responsibility. Employees may also perform other duties as assigned. Employees must abide by all Joint Commission requirements including, but not limited to, sensitivity to cultural diversity, patient care, patients' rights and ethical treatment, safety and security of physical environments, emergency management, teamwork, respect for others, participation in ongoing education and training, communication and adherence to safety and quality programs, sustaining compliance with National Patient Safety Goals, and licensure and health screenings. Employees must perform all duties and responsibilities in accordance with the C-I-CARE Standards of the Hospital. C-I-CARE is the foundation of Stanford's patient-experience and represents a framework for patient-centered interactions. C CONNECT with people by calling them their proper name, or the name they prefer (Mr., Mrs., Dr.) I INTRODUCE yourself and your role. C COMMUNICATE what you are going to do, how long it will take, and how it will impact the patient. A ASK permission before entering a room, examining a patient, or undertaking an activity. R RESPOND to patient's questions or requests promptly; anticipate patient needs. E EXIT courteously with an explanation of what will come next. 1) Responsible to the Manager in charge of staffing services. Supervised, directed, and evaluated by designated Manager. 2) The Staffing Coordinator, in collaboration with the Patient Care Managers and Clinical Nursing Supervisors, ensures that the appropriate staffing level for their respective unit is met. 3) Assists managers of assigned units with RESQ, time keeping, reports and other duties as requested. 4) Process all PAFs and terminations per procedure for assigned units. Equal Opportunity Employer Stanford Health Care (SHC) strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity and non-discrimination in all of its policies and practices, including the area of employment. Accordingly, SHC does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation or gender identity and/or expression, religion, age, national or ethnic origin, political beliefs, marital status, medical condition, genetic information, veteran status, or disability, or the perception of any of the above. People of all genders, members of all racial and ethnic groups, people with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. Qualified applicants with criminal convictions will be considered after an individualized assessment of the conviction and the job requirements. Qualificiations: Minimum Qualifications Any combination of education and experience that would likely provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities as well as possession of any required licenses or certifications is qualifying. Education High school graduate required, higher education preferred. Experience A minimum of one year recent experience in an health care setting in a clerical role, with proved organization skills and attention to detail preferred. License/Certifications None required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities These are the observable and measurable attributes and skills required to perform successfully the essential functions of the job and are generally demonstrated through qualifying experience, education, or licensure/certification. Sets up Daily Staffing sheet and enters known schedule changes prior to staffing a shift. Receives patient census and acuity information for each nursing unit from Meditech CCT reports. Maintains accurate data entry of staff activity per shift. Allocates float personnel and supplemental staff to provide adequate coverage to appropriate units. Follows and supports personnel policy and procedure, with guidance in interpretation from Nursing Administration. Works in collaboration with the unit Resource Nurse, Patient Care Manager and/or Clinical Nursing Supervisor to meet the staffing needs of unit, region or department. Identifies potential staffing shortages and advised appropriate Patient Care Manager and/or Clinical Nursing Supervisor. Communicates changes to the daily staffing plan to the Resource Nurse on the appropriate unit (sick calls, supplemental staff, A-days, etc.). Verifies list of employees scheduled to work based on computerized schedule against the unit's Master Schedule. Orients new staff to staffing processes. Performs other duties and projects as assigned. Develops computerized schedules for assigned nursing units based on established staffing patterns, policies, approved employee preferences and manager's request. Utilizes the computer for data entry/retrievals and development of schedules in conjunction with the Patient Care Manager or delegate of each unit. Revises and adjusts unit schedule in consultation with the Patient Care Manager or delegate. Serves as a consultant to Patient Care Mangers in developing staffing patterns, creating flexible scheduling alternatives, and arranging for extended employee absence. Accurately maintains a record of all pertinent scheduling data and provided authorized personnel with information needed. In consultation with Patient Care Manager or delegate, assists in developing a unit position control for forecasting staffing/scheduling needs. Updates computer personnel database based on management communication and/or Personnel Action Form changes (e.g., new hires, transfers, terminations, etc.). Orients staff to scheduling processes. Performs other duties and projects as assigned. Interprets personnel and payroll policies and procedures for all employees. Answers questions regarding time-keeping procedures for all employees, including management staff. Orients staff members to changes in the policies and procedures related to time-keeping. Acts as liaison with Payroll Department for all payroll questions and problems. Coordinates the paycheck distribution. Orients other Staffing Coordinators to payroll procedures. Updates computer database wages, FTE's etc. based on management communication. Maintains current proof of licensure file, notifying individual employees and unit management of renewal dates. Checks and corrects timesheets for assigned units. Provides managers with bi-weekly unplanned absence, activity and attendance reports.