Job Title: Network Architect Location: Round Rock, Texas DESCRIPTION As part of the Microsoft Hybrid Cloud Team, you’ll help transform the hybrid cloud market by bringing together the best technologies from Microsoft and Dell EMC. This team is responsible for the Dell EMC Azure Stack integrated systems, the cloud applications designed to run on Azure, along with the Dell technologies that will deliver the best customer experience with Azure Stack. Currently we are looking for an experienced and passionate Network Architect with excellent communication skills to make our team even stronger. RESPONSIBILITIES Consult and set direction of overall networking architecture for the Azure Stack product Work with product management to identify key solution requirements for product roadmap Partner with peer system architects both inside Dell EMC and at Microsoft. Set networking standards and implement best practices for the Azure Stack product. Consult and advise field engineers as it relates to specific customer needs, wants or challenges. Maintain a strong understanding of industry trends and best practices, including emerging ones that pertain to HCI and cloud. REQUIREMENTS Hands-on experience with Dell networking hardware, (S3048, S4048) Hands-on experience with Cisco networking hardware (Nexus 9336, 93180, 9348) Overall familiarity with Dell and Cisco network hardware portfolio Knowledge of networking security best practices Strong working knowledge of BGP Familiarity with common public cloud networking topologies Knowledge of Microsoft technologies is a plus. Ability to be a strong team player and operate efficiently across functional teams. Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell here. Education Required: Bachelors Degree Experience Required: 5+ years of progressive and diverse IT experience, networking centric