If you’re looking for an exciting career opportunity in digital advertising and marketing, working with a fast-growing company that runs on-going digital and social campaigns for some of today’s top brands (with clientele ranging from ESPN and Disney to Simplehuman and Celebrity Charity Campaigns) then Monkedia is the place for you. We are looking for someone with a passion for building advanced web applications and software! The Full Stack PHP Developer will be responsible for developing our advanced in-house software that we leverage to take our stance as one of the industries most forward-thinking companies. Talented developers will currently work a lot with HTML, CSS, APIs, Databases, jQuery, JS, and any server-side language (like PHP or Ruby) - loving any of these a bit too much is a great thing. At Monkedia, we like people who are well rounded, whether its back end or front end - and it's always good to have a rounded set of skills so you can chip in and help others when needed. The individual best suited for this position is one with a high attention to detail, a mind for algorithms and creative software application, and a great amount of personal drive. If you want to be a part of accomplishing things never accomplished before on the internet - this is the place for you and this role, in particular, is key in our efforts to do so as the more developed our internal software is the better we can serve all of our clients. Skills and Requirements: Software development experience in PHP Knowledge of the MVC structure 3+ years experience with Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP (LAMP) architecture Good knowledge of relational databases with ability to design and write raw MySQL queries 3+ years demonstrable knowledge of web technologies, output, and languages, such as HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and jQuery Experience with front-end Javascript frameworks such as Bootstrap/Angular/React/etc Experience with third-party APIs (Facebook, Google, Twitter, Amazon AWS, etc) Ability to work individually and with managers and creative teams while involved with the system development life cycle Experience with cross-browser compatibility and cross-platform testing Competent image manipulation skills with Adobe Photoshop Deep understanding of web standards and best practices Preferences: Experience with Redshift/BigData CLI (command line interface) experience Comfortable using basic commands in a Linux environment Accessing and using MySQL through a CLI Why Monkedia? At Monkedia we believe people are the greatest part of our business, that’s why we’re invested in finding driven, passionate, and charismatic individuals to become a part of our team. Perks: Our Las Colinas Office is easily accessible from several major highways Many restaurants and retail within 5 mins of office Stay home when you need it - Unlimited sick days Voted 2018 Best and Brightest to work for! Friday Happy Hours Fully-stocked vending machine with prices at low vendor cost Monthly company and team events/outings like on-site laser tag tournaments, christmas light shows, “company” casino night, and more! Free parking 1 hour lunch breaks Smart casual dress code - jeans and flannels welcome Benefits: Competitive salary Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, & Disability insurance plans Paid vacation days 9 paid holidays This position is based in our Las Colinas office. This is your chance to build your career with our collaborative and engaging team as part of a fast- growing, creative company leading initiatives in social media advertising. We need brains, ambition, and passion to continue helping connect all kinds of products and services with customers all over the globe. At Monkedia, we care less about your badges of honor and more about who you are and what you’ve accomplished. We are a positive opportunity employer and give opportunities less on the school you graduated from and more on what you’ve done as a well-rounded human-being. When applying be sure to send us YOU, not just your accolades. And, if you’re paying attention, be sure to include your favorite company or celebrity you follow on social media in your cover letter!