Title: Associate, Marketing Sciences Mindshare Mindshare is a global media agency network with billings in excess of US$34.5 billion (source: RECMA). The network consists of more than 7,000 employees, in 116 offices across 86 countries spread throughout North America, Latin America, Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific. Each office is dedicated to forging competitive marketing advantage for businesses and their brands based on the values of speed, teamwork and provocation. Mindshare is part of GroupM, which oversees the media investment management sector for WPP, the world’s leading communications services group. Department – Marketing Sciences Our Marketing Sciences teams collect and analyze both quantitative and qualitative data to create vivid, compelling and actionable insights for our clients. The group encompasses Mindshare’s digital analytics, research, modeling and technology offerings. We are an integral part in supporting the planning teams as they allocate media budgets and optimize effective plans for their accounts. In the Marketing Sciences team, you will play a key role in planning and executing day-to-day analytics work. This includes, but not limited to collecting, organizing and harmonizing data sets. Over time you will gain exposure to multiple client verticals under the Mindshare umbrella This is an excellent opportunity for you to participate in the media planning process to help develop campaign measurement strategy and appropriate KPIs to effectively assess media results You will understand audience insights and manage campaign performance You will have the ability to work in an environment where everyone is passionate about data, analytics and self-development with a customer-centric focus Exposure to software & technologies such as SAS, R, Python, SQL, machine learning and data science concepts is a bonus This individual will have hands-on skills in data analysis and management, problem solving, and the ability to develop/analyze business cases. She/he demonstrates research skills, excellent oral and written communication skills and is client focused What we love about this position: You will be able to work in a dynamic environment that allows you to make the most out of your qualifications and abilities Is that it gives you a foundational role to use data to answer key client business questions What’s unique about this position is that you will have an opportunity to join ART and SCIENCE How we’ll grow together: We are looking for self-motivated, analytical individuals who are willing to be challenged; work in a close-knit team environment and at the same time take initiative to work independently with limited guidance and direction when needed Career pathing and ongoing training from day one. The Marketing Sciences team places a heavy emphasis on identifying each team member’s strengths and areas of interest to provide the proper resources, trainings and projects to hone and develop individuals’ skills Meat and Potatoes: In the first three months, you will o Learn about the media industry, media and marketing terminology  Become familiar with our proprietary data and analytics platform o Understand the various data sources and metrics used in the analysis  Which digital/media/marketing data sources and metrics are preferred: Digital (e.g. Web, Social, Display, Search etc.); Media (e.g. buying models, CPU, Impressions, GRP); Measurement analytics. Within your first year, you will be able to o Manipulate raw data to produce structured data sets for analysis o Enable data visualization and business reporting o Analyze data to understand relationships between business drivers and sales o Relate analysis output to client business issue o Support presentation building with oversight from team leader What you’ve already accomplished: Bachelors or advanced degree in Statistics, Economics, Business, Math, or Sciences is preferred Strong analytic and critical thinking abilities Strong written, oral, and presentation skills Proficiency with Excel, PowerPoint and Word Mindshare is an EEO/AA Employer, M/F/Disability/Veterans Non-Discrimination Disclosure: We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, or any other status or class protected by applicable law. We apply this policy to recruiting, hiring, training, testing, compensation, promotion, transfer, benefits, and all other terms and conditions of employment. Mindshare is winning new business and expanding – come grow with us! Visit Mindshare online at http://www.mindshareworld.com/jobs