Bearings & Compression provides performance-critical components and services for rotating and reciprocating machinery through five renowned brands: Bearings Plus, Cook Compression, Inpro/Seal, Waukesha Bearings and Waukesha Magnetic Bearings. Our highly engineered solutions provide reliability and efficiency in some of the most critical and demanding applications in the oil & gas, power generation, marine, industrial, chemical and general processing markets. We are global leaders in engineered hydrodynamic bearings and brush seals; active magnetic bearing systems; bearing repairs and upgrades; bearing isolators and shaft seals; and reciprocating compressor valves, sealing components, and services. With a culture committed to safety, quality and continuous improvement, we strive for excellence in everything we do. Facilities in North America, Europe, Asia and the Middle East, supported by a network of technical sales representatives, enable us to take a globally interconnected approach to serving our customers. Summary: Materials Scientist/Engineer will be tasked to identify, execute and lead R &D projects towards the development of novel materials, new processing technologies and new products. This individual will provide expertise in materials, particularly in high performance plastics like PEEK, PTFE and their composites, and will influence decisions of project teams in a matrix organization. An ideal candidate would have skills and interest in these areas as well as a high degree of mechanical aptitude. Being comfortable working with equipment like compression molding, injection molding, blenders, custom product test set-ups and highly sensitive material characterization tools is key for the success in this role. Responsibilities : Performs continuous research on new materials and processing technologies and identifies potential R &D projects. Participates in and leads new materials/processing R&D projects; performs activities related to process development, testing, characterization and analysis of new materials. Presents data, observations and takes an active role in decision-making towards qualification of completely new materials, processes, technologies and incremental improvements in existing processes. Stays active and closely follows developments in the Materials Science world, collaborates with universities, research institutes, consortiums and other 3rd parties. Collaborates with Quality, Supply Chain and Engineering in continuous improvement projects. Evaluate the current processing methods for materials and ensure that they are optimized to ensure highest quality product at all times. Investigate new processing techniques that may provide a cost savings to production Interact with outside material providers to ensure the base polymers are of the required quality Interface with 3rd parties for the support of failure analysis, development of new materials and composites Communicate effectively with Material test lab technicians to explain the newly created testing plans, follow up the progress. Close out test requests with results and recommendations. Perform root cause analysis of any issues with the performance and/or manufacturing of any Polymeric materials/parts Plan and implement laboratory operations for the purpose of developing material and fabrication procedures that meet cost, product specification, and performance standards. Conduct training sessions on new material products, applications, or manufacturing methods Guide technical staff engaged in developing materials for specific uses in projected products or devices. Provide support to the Engineering groups for proposals, budgets and written reports as it relates to Compressor, Bearing and Sealing products Plan and evaluate new projects, consulting with other engineers and corporate executives as necessary. Provide expert assistance in the form of troubleshooting, analysis and training. Evaluate and qualify current suppliers or suppliers being considered for the supply chain. Apply materials science principles to validate & improve manufacturing methods and product quality. Provide support and technical guidance to the Quality Control team and the lab personnel on the development and sustaining of quality control processes. Assist the field and application engineers in failure analysis related to materials. Work with supply chain to generate and sustain material specifications. Manage technical change processes when needed. Skills : Knowledge on polymers, common fillers and composites, their processing techniques, test and characterization methods; including DSC, DMA,TGA, FTIR, TMA and tensile testing. Knowledge of machining processes, metrology, and metallurgy. Desire and ability to perform “hands-on” activities in various settings, such as materials lab, product development lab and manufacturing floor. Extremely strong mechanical aptitude. Ability to read and interpret complex manufacturing drawings and familiarity with Geometric Dimensions and Tolerances. Good working knowledge of Microsoft Office products including Word, Excel and Power-Point. Knowledge of MINITAB is a plus. Experience with any FEA software is a plus. Working knowledge of Lean Manufacturing / Continuous Improvement philosophies and tools, along with Six-Sigma techniques and 5S. Self-directed individual capable of performing a variety of tasks. Ability to plan and prioritize work. A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Strong communication & presentation skills to reach out to a wide variety of audiences. Education and Experience : Ph. D. or Masters in Materials Science, Polymer, Mechanical or Chemical Engineering (with minimum 0-3 years of related industrial experience) Or Bachelors in Materials Science, Polymer, Mechanical or Chemical Engineering (with minimum 5 years of related industrial experience.) Have “hands-on” experience with general polymer processing techniques like compression molding and injection molding. Prior work in polymer process development is a big plus. Experience with solving tribology related problems. Experience with corrosion or chemical attack and metallic and non-metallic material selection. Experience with instrumentation, test fixture design, sensors and data acquisition is a plus. _Note: This Job Description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee occupying this position. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by the Supervisor. All requirements are subject to change and updates._ All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, age, genetic information, or any other factors prohibited by law. This position may be located in: Americas : United States : Texas : Houston Sub Division : Dover Pearland Operation - E1517 Job Requisition ID : 13527