SENIOR DATA ANALYST Los Angeles. Full-time. As soon as possible. You’ll work across the organization to generate the data and analysis needed to make the best decisions as we grow and innovate. You’ll be responsible for pushing the business forward on all fronts, based on insights derived from your deep understanding of our business. You’ll have exposure to our top executives with the opportunity to learn from their deep experience in music and technology as well as the opportunity to impact their decision making at a critical time as we scale the business. WHAT YOU'LL DO Turn ambiguous questions from business partners into clear analytical problems, and solve them using data Use internal and external analytics tools, such as Heap and Google analytics, SQL, and scripting languages to access and analyze multivariate data and share data stories that make sense to business and technical audiences Create readable and informative data visualizations to communicate data insights to business stakeholders Use data to identify strategic opportunities to improve Native Instruments’ products and operations Work closely with cross-functional teams in Product, Finance, Sales and Marketing to translate findings into actions and Data Infrastructure team on defining and building central infrastructure Continuously learn and develop skills while working with our cutting-edge team of analysts and engineers Respond to ad-hoc reporting needs while ensuring data accuracy and integrity Constantly thinking of ways to improve our products and the business WHAT YOU'LL BRING 2+ years in a data-intensive role (High growth, technology, strategy consulting, business intelligence, investment banking/private equity background) Bachelor’s degree in physics, math, statistics, psychology, data science, computer science (or equivalent training & experience) Proficiency with SQL, Excel, and R or Python Strong team player who can work well across multiple cross-functional teams, including, finance, growth, product, engineering, and data teams Focus on scale - develop tooling to automate commonly requested analyses Practical experience in extracting data from various sources (e.g. REST APIs, NoSQL databases, CSV files) and preparing the data for an efficient analysis Familiar with e-commerce, online retail, music streaming, SaaS, or subscription platforms Effective communication skills: you can build the story and then tell it just as well Familiarity with Agile methodologies You have a passion for music Native Instruments embraces diversity. As an equal opportunities employer, we believe the foundation of our dynamic and pioneering spirit starts with a fair and inclusive culture. Our company culture focuses on bringing unique ideas together to fuel innovation. All applicants will receive equal consideration for employment at Native Instruments and we encourage everyone to apply – regardless of gender identity, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Help us reach our goal in making the future of music diverse, inclusive, and exciting. PRODUCT CREATION & DEVELOPMENT AT NATIVE INSTRUMENTS Our teams bring inspirational minds together. These experts are dedicated to building software and hardware products that inspire music enthusiasts, producers and performers around the globe. We know market trends and constantly talk to our customers. We believe in true end-to-end ownership and self-contained teams to guide new ideas from concept to product release. We code, deploy, and maintain our products at the high level in order to continually push technological boundaries. Design is key in everything we build. Our research dives deep, our work is tested rigorously, and we release in short cycles. We're passionate about improving our products, our agility, and ourselves so that we can open new creative horizons to our users.