Requisition: 43989 Location: Seattle, WA Accelerate Your Career _Stability meets Agility._ CDK Global is one of the largest technology providers to the automotive industry, with more than 26,000 dealer sites in over 100 countries and nearly 9,000 employees worldwide. We are hiring to support your growth and ours. GreenLight Your Career. At CDK Global, we are driven by your success. We engage your unique talents and perspectives. We welcome your ideas on how to do things differently and better. In your efforts to achieve, learn and grow, we support you all the way. Inspiring innovation is a core value at CDK. To succeed, we invest in technologies, programs and our people to continually improve the way we help our clients run their businesses. If success motivates you, you belong here at CDK. We are looking for engineers to innovate our growing Digital Advertising & Marketing Platform offering. Candidate must be able to thrive in a small focused team with high energy to innovate creative solutions and solve complex real world problems. Our Digital Advertising & Marketing Platform offering is changing the Automotive landscape through our broad set of highly specialized and targeted consumer offerings. This position is a rewarding opportunity to express your creativity, work with intelligent, innovative people, and have your work touch millions of consumers. You will have the ability to work on cutting edge technologies within a variety of tech stacks. You will be doing continuous deliveries and will see your work come to life very quickly! The teams are self-driven and which allows them to determine their own destiny. (Yes, you will actually have the ability to chart how you want to solve the problems!). The Machine Learning Engineer will analyze various data sets, transform data, and implement algorithms using toolkits (Gluon/MXNET, TensorFlow) and Python to create machine learning models that help solve various problems in online advertising such as real time bid optimization. Models will typically be used for very fast real-time inferences in a large-scale production environment. Application areas include: Develop predictive model of RTB exchange market bid prices Develop predictive model of user behavior (likelihood to click or perform other downstream actions) Develop classification models of user behavior based on website activity to create/enhance buying stage classifications Responsibilities: Design and implement new predictive machine learning and artificial intelligence technologies. Engineer machine intelligence systems and infrastructure for real-world production use at scale. Improve the accuracy, runtime, scalability and reliability of machine intelligence systems. Drive architecture of platform and application capabilities embedding machine intelligence. Build and enhance data pipelines and data warehouses for machine intelligence. Qualifications: Strong communication skills. Enthusiasm for solving interesting and complicated problems. Strong interest and understanding of the foundational concepts of machine learning and artificial intelligence. 10+ years of software development experience. Fluency in Python or similar scripting languages. Experience with big data sets. Strong mathematical background. Ability to run experiments scientifically and analyze results. BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field. CDK Global knows you have passions outside of work. You have family, friends, sporting events, and lots of things going on. That’s why we offer a comprehensive benefits package to not only take care of you but your family as well. All of our benefits are effective the first day of employment including 401K matching, paid time off to re-energize, donate your time to volunteer in your community, and tuition reimbursement to name a few. At CDK, we pride ourselves on having a diverse workforce. We value and celebrate the uniqueness of individuals and the different perspectives they provide. We offer equal opportunity employment regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, or protected veteran status.