As the Analytics & Insights Manager in the Americas, you are part of the Global Procurement organization and will report directly to the Portfolio & Performance Lead. You will be a part of the Strategy & Performance team focusing on business intelligence and data analytical services deliverables across Pharma and Diagnostics. The position is located in South San Francisco, US. Global Procurement is a key function that delivers value to Roche by leveraging market knowledge, subject matter expertise and business insights in the procurement of goods and services and the management of Roche’s third party spend. Through collaboration with our external suppliers and internal business partners, Global Procurement helps bring innovative tests and medicines to patients. The Analytics & Insights Manager is accountable for the delivery and development of reliable business intelligence and data analytical services which ensure data-driven decision making throughout the Global Procurement organization. This role is responsible for ensuring effective and proactive business partnering with senior global and/or regional Procurement Leaders and Business Support Managers to define and deliver as-is and future business intelligence and reporting requirements (e.g. functional benchmarks, category intelligence, performance metrics). The role leads and manages a team of specialists to develop appropriate strategies to continuously adapt and improve data analytics and business insights delivery and maximize efficiencies, data consistency, and transparency, in line with Procurement Strategy and Region and/or Category objectives. The Analytics & Insights Manager will work closely with the Portfolio and Performance Management Lead and leadership team to support business optimization through knowledge sharing, aligned priorities and standardization of tools and visualizations which monitor progress against defined portfolio and performance targets and enhance Procurement value. As a member of the Portfolio and performance Management Leadership Team, this role will actively contribute to the strategic vision and direction of the team and continuously seek new and emerging opportunities to enhance and improve Procurement performance and savings. Your responsibilities: 1\. Develop People Manage and mentor the performance and talent development of all direct functional reports and provide feedback to others contributing to the Analytics & Insights team’s deliverables and performance. 2\. Core Accountabilities ? Lead the development, delivery and continuous improvement of business intelligence and data analytics through close collaboration and partnering with Global, Category and Regional Procurement stakeholders, translating business needs to provide actionable insights that drive effective data driven decision making, (e.g. spend, savings, KPI, benchmark reports. ? Through partnership with Global Procurement stakeholders, understand strategic priorities to define, implement and measure metrics and KPI’s relevant for required Categories, Regions or functions to enhance day-to-day transparency and understanding of value delivery. ? Drive the development of meaningful analytics offerings to further enhance Global Procurement quality, efficiency, and effectiveness. ? Ensure the impact of reporting standardization and enhanced analytics and self-service offering changes are assessed and appropriate communication and training is provided to support implementation and minimize business risk. ? Partner across Global, Regional and Functional Procurement stakeholders to determine and anticipate evolving data analytics needs. Review and prioritize change requests in alignment across the Analytics & Insights groups and drive identification and resolution of issues to optimize data transparency and utilization. ? Be accountable for Analytics & Insights related communication and reporting to stakeholders. Ensure efficient and effective communication, collaboration and coordination across multiple functions, stakeholders, objectives and priorities. ? Manage overall budget needed to support the annual operating activities of the Analytics & Insights team members under their control. ? In alignment with the Capability Building function, provide content input and delivery support for Analytics & Insights specific training. Your Qualifications: ? Relevant Bachelor degree. ? Relevant Master degree (e.g. Statistics, Economics, Math, Finance) ? 7+ years Analytics, Procurement, Supply Chain, and/or Finance. ? 5+ years analytics-specific experience. ? Demonstrated ability to effectively lead and line manage a team of direct reports ? Strong Microsoft Office, Business Intelligence experience and database knowledge. ? Skills in dashboarding tools such as Tableau. ? Extensive experience with analytical software such as Spotfire. ? Demonstrated problem solving and project management skills coupled with an ability to work in a changing environment with multiple priorities. ? Ability to collect, organize, assess, analyze, integrate and visualize data and qualitative information from a variety of sources to assess business problems, build business cases, track and monitor performance. ? Excellent communication and presentation skills to multiple levels of the organization. ? Self-starter/innovative thinker, strong collaborator, and a team player with demonstrated strong interpersonal skills. ? Business level fluency in English. ? Experience an any area of SAP ERP and Procurement systems such as Ariba is desired. ? Pharmaceutical industry or management consulting experience, along with an understanding of Roche’s reporting processes, is desired.