Position Summary : The Philanthropy Operations Analyst reports to the Director of Philanthropy CRM and is responsible for supporting The Trust for Public Land’s database management, donor pipeline development, prospect analytics and end-user support on all Philanthropy information systems. This position requires extensive knowledge of relational databases and Excel. Performance Requirements Act with integrity, honesty, and knowledge that promote the culture, values, and mission of The Trust for Public Land. Maintain a calm demeanor during periods of high volume or unusual events. Anticipate the needs of teammates and colleagues by constantly evaluating those individuals and the environment for cues. Deliver outstanding service to teammates and colleagues. Process data and data-centric tasks with a very high standard of quality. Approach job functions and teammates with the flexibility to facilitate rapidly adjusting to address competing priorities. Manage many simultaneous competing priorities, prioritize and resolve them to deliver optimal outcomes. Define needs, design solutions, and deliver desirable outcomes in a timely manner. Required Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Adept attention to detail and highly organized. Strong interpersonal skills. Ability to learn quickly. Understand and carry out oral and written instructions and request clarification when needed. Capable of working both independently and as part of a team. Adapt constructively to rapidly changing dynamics and priorities. Pre-hire proficiency required in Microsoft Windows & Office, Google Drive, and Slack. Proficiency required, with post-hire training as needed, in ClearView CRM, Crystal Reports, Jira & Jira Service Desk. Essential Functions Philanthropy Operations Helpdesk Serve as a secondary system administrator (Jira), trainer, and support strategic development. Manage and design user interface, forms, and workflows. Primary Helpdesk Agent: Assign issues and ensure they are addressed in a timely manner; liaison between teams, agents, and customers as needed. CRM User Support and Training Tier 1 Application Support (ClearView CRM): Troubleshoots configuration and settings. Document, report, and help resolve tier 2 issues. New user training and ongoing issue-specific training. Help identify needs and strategic use cases for new features and business processes; document, communicate and help achieve desired outcome with vendor and teammates provide support for rollout to users including defining procedures and business rules. Report and List Development Tier 1 Report Requests: includes variations of mail and email lists, gift reports, prospect/gift attribute reports using Crystal Reports, SQL queries, and Excel. Produce data visualizations using Excel, PowerPoint, and various other BI tools. Database Management Manage database integrity and hygiene efforts including duplicate resolution. Manage imports for data appends; evaluate and process code table maintenance. Occasionally participate in gift processing where additional staffing capacity is needed. Qualifications Minimum of 1 year of experience working with a relational database system. Preference for experience: o with SQLPlus, Crystal Reports, and Jaspersoft BI o with a helpdesk/issue tracking system (like Jira) o in a nonprofit fundraising environment