Albertsons-Safeway Company is one of the largest food and drug retailers with 2,300+ stores. The Albertsons-Safeway family of brands includes some of the most prominent brands in food retailing, with a growing base of loyal shoppers. Thanks to the professionalism, diversity, spirit and friendliness of our people, we have locations across the U.S. The Information Technology Department has an opening for a Business Systems Analyst within the Enterprise Business Intelligence (EBI) group in IT. EBI team works in an Agile SDLC environment. This position is located in Phoenix, Arizona. Key Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Shape solutions to fit business objectives in the variety of functional domains including Merchandising, Supply Chain, Pharmacy, etc. in the capacity of a business systems analyst. Consult with the business clients to understand and assess business process under review. Provides guidance to deliver demonstrable projects of incremental value. Grooming, coordination, and generation of the Product Backlog for a release or project. Determines cost-effective solutions to business problems and manages the expectations of business users regarding function, scope and deliverables of projects and end user solutions. Direct the analysis for the business process review. Prioritize opportunities to improving processes. Facilitates and leads discussions with project teams and business users to define as-is and to-be business processes using story mapping and workflow techniques. Creates data flow diagrams, logical system flow diagrams, and entity relationship diagrams to understand as-is and to-be system states and communicate project scope to all stakeholders. Conducts the review and approval process of requirements with project stakeholders. Identifies gaps and redundancies in business processes using business process mapping and analysis. Performs data analysis to understand system capabilities. Translates newly defined business processes, enhancements, or changes into new system requirements/user stories. Through the definition of business and system-level personas, identifies different views of same process for different audiences. Backlog Management, including creation, prioritization, and facilitation of grooming sessions with Product Team. Create functional documentation related to business intelligence solutions. Coordinate data integration activities to ensure consistency with data warehouse structure. Knowledge and ability to use and administer the organization's technology practices, standards and procedures Knowledge of organization's total Information Technology (IT) environment. Knowledge and understanding of marketplace experience, developments and trends related to the Information Technology (IT) function. Qualifications: 4-year degree (Information Systems, Computer Science, Business Administration or relational functional field) and/or equivalent combination of education or work experience. 4+ years of business analysis and/or functional experience in retail domain required. MBA a plus. Experience with SQL and Data Analysis is preferred. Strong working knowledge of EXCEL and VISIO is a requirement. Demonstrated expertise and experience in agile development methodologies is preferred. Ability to successfully partner with vendors/agencies and internal stakeholders; ability to work within a cross-functional team environment where teams are sometimes located remotely. Strong ability to prioritize and resolve technical issues within the broader project team. Strong technical skills in analyzing functional business processes, process modeling, business modeling tools, developing system solutions and documentation standards Strong collaboration skills while working with SME's, senior leaders, IT PMO and business users/ stakeholders to drive business analysis/user requirements. Strong negotiation skills when working with business users to develop requirements and defend systems capabilities. Ability to multitask and work effectively in a matrix management environment. Strong customer service skills and ability to follow through to resolve customer issues. Ability to understand client expectations and recognize and resolve issues that may affect delivery. How to Apply: Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume by visiting careersatsafeway.com Diversity is fundamental at Albertsons-Safeway. We foster an inclusive working environment where the different strengths and perspectives of each employee is both recognized and valued. We believe that building successful relationships with our customers and our communities is only possible through the diversity of our people. A diverse workforce leads to better teamwork and creative thinking, as well as mutual understanding and respect _._ The Albertsons-Safeway policy is to provide employment, training, compensation, promotion and other conditions of employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, medical condition, marital status or any other legally protected status. We support a drug-free workplace - all applicants offered a position are required to pass a pre-employment drug test before they are hired. AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER