Who we are Since 2006, 23andMe’s mission has been to help people access, understand, and benefit from the human genome. We are a group of passionate individuals pushing the boundaries of what’s possible to help turn genetic insight into better health and personal understanding. For this newly created role, we are looking for an engaged, articulate statistician with a strong interest in working with large complex data sets to join our Research team. The data collection group is focused on obtaining high-quality data to understand human health and disease. You will be involved in a wide variety of activities, such developing analysis methods for digital phenotypes, design of experiments and statistical modeling. This will include working in a highly interactive, dynamic, environment and interfacing with individuals across the organization. There is an emphasis on communication skills and an ability to deliver results. What you’ll do You'll development methods to analyze and use digital phenotype and environmental data (e.g. exposures, fitness devices) You will design and manage the implementation of data imputation methodology This role is also providing support for experimental design and analysis of a variety of studies You will work with diverse groups in 23andMe to help collect data and design experiments to provide an engaging user experience What you’ll bring A PhD in Statistics or a related discipline You will have the ability to use and develop appropriate software tools, primarily in R and a strong interest in data analysis We're looking for experience with imputation methods You'll have excellent communication, presentation and interpersonal skills working with all levels of the organization You'll bring excellent teamwork skills and the ability to interface effectively with a wide range of partners It will be important to have flexibility to support changing assignments and priorities in an independent and reliable manner while maintaining a positive and collaborative attitude About Us 23andMe, Inc. is the leading consumer genetics and research company. Our mission is to help people access, understand and benefit from the human genome. The company was named by MIT Technology Review to its “50 Smartest Companies, 2017” list, and named one of Fast Company’s “25 Brands That Matter Now, 2017”. 23andMe has over 5 million customers worldwide, with ~85 percent of customers consented to participate in research. 23andMe is located in Mountain View, CA. More information is available at www.23andMe.com ( https://www.23andme.com/ ). At 23andMe, we value a diverse, inclusive workforce and we provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to an individual’s race, color, sex, gender identity, gender expression, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you are unable to submit your application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at accommodations-ext@23andme.com ( accommodations- ext@23andme.com ). 23andMe will reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities to the extent required by applicable law. Please note: 23andMe does not accept agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Thank you.