Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is seeking Research Interns to join Facebook AI Research (FAIR). We are committed to advancing the field of artificial intelligence by making fundamental advances in scientific methods and technologies to help interact with and understand our world. We are seeking individuals passionate in areas such as deep learning, computer vision, audio and speech processing, natural language processing, machine learning, reinforcement learning, computational statistics, and applied mathematics. Our interns have an opportunity to make core algorithmic advances and apply their ideas at an unprecedented scale. Many of our interns publish at top tier conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ICLR, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, NAACL, and EMNLP. This internship has a minimum 12-week duration beginning in January. Internships will be awarded on a rolling basis and candidates are encouraged to apply early. Applicants are expected to be pursuing a PhD in one of the areas listed above; outstanding Masters students may also be considered, as will B.S. candidates intending to enroll in a graduate program at the conclusion of the internship. To learn more about our research, visit: https://research.fb.com/category/facebook-ai-research-fair (https://research.fb.com/category/facebook-ai-research-fair/). RESPONSIBILITIES Perform research to advance the science and technology of intelligent systems. Perform research that improves understanding and representation of the semantics of data (images, video, text, audio, and other modalities). Devise data-driven models of human behavior. Influence progress of relevant research communities by producing publications. Collaborate and increase productivity on existing research projects. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship. Publications or experience in fields related to in machine learning, AI, computer vision, natural language processing, computational neuroscience, optimization, computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, or data science. Experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches. Ability to manipulate and analyze large scale, high-dimensionality data from varying sources. Experience in utilizing theoretical and empirical research to solve problems. Ability to communicate research for public audiences of peers. Knowledge in a programming language. Ability to obtain and maintain work authorization in the country of employment in 2018. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Pursuing a Ph.D. degree in Computer Science or related field First-author publications at peer-reviewed AI conferences (e.g. NIPS, ICML, ICLR, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, NAACL, and EMNLP). Experience building systems based on machine learning and/or deep learning methods. Research and software engineer experience demonstrated via an internship, work experience, or coding competitions. Knowledge in Python, Lua, C++, C, C and/or Java.