Under the direction of the Manager Business Intelligence and Database Services, the Database Administrator III creates and supports multiple complex, highly critical databases with high availability demands. Perform capacity planning, workload modeling, and prediction to ensure business applications have sufficient resources for near-term performance and long-term growth. Acts as primary contact for dealing with challenging and complex issues. In addition, this position mentors, develops junior engineers, and educates others on best practices. Highly Preferred Epic Clarity ETL and Database Administration - certification and proficiency Qualifications: Requires a Bachelor's Degree in Information Systems (IS) or related field; or an equivalent combination of training and progressively responsible experience that will result in the required specialized knowledge and abilities to perform the assigned work in lieu of degree. A Master's degree is preferred and may substitute for up to two (2) years of required experience; and a Doctorate degree may substitute for all required experience. Requires five (5) years of progressively responsible database administration related experience that demonstrates a high level of understanding of the standard tools, workflow processes, and/or procedures and concepts used in the deployment and development of database application software necessary to run the healthcare systems business, clinical or financial systems. If applicable to database application(s) assigned to support, certification(s) for the specific business, clinical, or financial application(s)/system(s) is required and must be kept up to date. Must be able to demonstrate an in-depth working knowledge of database design principles and data administration standards, including writing advanced data manipulation SQL statements. Must have knowledge of multiple DBMS systems with the ability to tune DB applications for performance optimization. Must be skilled in using RDBMS tools and utilities, including replication, DDL management, and database migration. Must be able to create solutions to resolve complex operational problems, collaborating with vendors and users as required, and identify trends that warrant immediate attention. Must have good math and reasoning skills. Must be able to maintain accountability for the timely resolution of specific issues and problems within a particular area, application, database, technology or system. Must demonstrate the ability to handle multiple priorities and deadlines with independent judgment. Must possess good interpersonal and communication skills both verbally and in writing including ability to inform, advise, instruct and persuade. Must demonstrate the ability to collect and analyze complex data. Requires ability to exercise considerable individual judgment and initiative in conducting the necessary facilitation and resolution of application/system design. Must be able to develop initiatives in innovative manner for effective resolution. Must be able to prepare and conduct effective presentations; assess priorities and self-time manage through deliverables; and coordinate activities with diverse groups and individuals. Requires the ability to read, write and speak effectively in English. Living our values At Maricopa Integrated Health System, our values inspire us to dream big and reach high. And we’re delivering some of the most sophisticated care in the country, while making a genuine difference in the lives of our patients and each other. That's the power of an environment driven by values like respect, leadership, compassion and education. We are: Maricopa Medical Center, a critical care hospital - the largest teaching hospital in AZ The Arizona Burn Center, a nationally renowned regional burn center- 2nd largest in the nation A level 1 Trauma Center and emergency department The Arizona Children’s Center at MIHS, a 24/7 Level 1 Pediatric Trauma Unit The Comprehensive Healthcare Center The Desert Vista Behavioral Health Center 12 Family Health Centers located throughout Maricopa County Come live these values and enjoy: Competitive wages Medical, dental and vision coverage Arizona State Retirement System Plan with a lifelong pension upon retirement Generous PTO + 10 holidays per year MIHS is an equal opportunity employer.