Looking for your next opportunity? If so, choose Parkland and discover what a meaningful job feels like. Whether you work directly with patients or use your talent to support our care, you’ll be part of a team that’s providing valuable health services to Dallas County residents. And here, you’ll have the opportunity to put all your skills to work, and the support to grow and advance in your job and your field. Step into a career that will make a substantial difference for our patients—and for you. We blend cultures, talents, and experience into an exemplary health and hospital system. Parkland has earned distinction as one of America’s Best Hospitals by U.S News and World Report every year since 1994. PRIMARY PURPOSE Assists to ensure Parkland compliance with state and federal laws and industry standards such as HIPAA and PCI through assessment, active monitoring and remediation under the direction of Information Security Management. MINIMUM SPECIFICATIONS Education: Must have a Bachelor's degree in Management information Systems. Experience: Must have two years of experience in an information systems security area with a background in data, software, hardware, network, web and facility access. Equivalent Education and/or Experience May have an equivalent combination of education and experience to substitute for both the education and the experience requirements. Certification/Registration/Licensure: Prefer certifications from Security organizations and vendors offering security products. Skills or Special Abilities: Must be able to perform information security risk assessments and recommend security controls and/or corrective actions to mitigate risk. Must be able to facilitate discussions with users in the assessment of risk from a business and technical standpoint to understand reasonable and appropriate means of mitigating risk. Must have the ability to perform complex research in order to determine industry standard products and solutions to facilitate creation of risk mitigation controls/recommendations. Must have the ability to contribute to audit recommendation implementation and project plan organization in a timely manner. Must have superior writing skills and the ability to communicate effectively. Must have excellent documentation skills. Minimum Technical Requirements (Not Comprehensive): Must understand risk assessment models, such as NIST 800-30. Must have a general understanding of the following technologies, and how they can be used as controls to mitigate risk: Local area networks & firewallsMicrosoft Active Directory DLP TechnologiesSIEM Tools Vulnerability ScanningEncryption IDS/IPSWeb Filtering VPN TechnologiesLinux LDAPMulti-factor authentication systems Anti-Virus/Anti-Malware software Must have a working knowledge of network assessments and vulnerability assessments. Must have a working knowledge of the HIPAA Security Rule and PCI. Must have excellent documentation and analytical skills. Must be able to listen and communicate effectively. Parkland Health and Hospital System prohibits discrimination based on age (40 or over), race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, disability, national origin, marital status, political belief, or veteran status.