It’s more than protecting systems and data. It’s protecting people. Our Information Security Analysts know that security is a top priority for our business and our partners and customers. Today, as cyber-attacks increase and compliance is more rigorously enforced, we look to them to stay ahead of what’s next and to protect our business and our future. So if you are dedicated to the latest technology and motivating others, secure your career here. You won’t just see the problem coming, you’ll see the solution. New threats to our business, our partners and customers appear on the horizon every day, so no two days are the same. But there are some things you can count on doing: Providing guidance on information security processes, controls, and compliance, and information security risk management to team members Encouraging employee contribution, such as feedback, career development planning, and goal setting. Developing plans and strategies for information security tools, processes, and programs Responding to changes in the regulatory environment and assisting other organizations in doing the same. Making strategic recommendations to enhance information security, including processes, procedures, governance approaches, and compliance. Distributed Directory Services resides in the center of the Identity & Access Management organization. It lies within the technical architecture as well as within the core components of the concepts of IAM. The IAM Directory Services team has a global responsibility to provide service and support for the American Express Enterprise Directory with more than 100,000 users. The Information Security Analyst I – Distributed Directory Services Architecture/Engineering & Operations reports to the Director of IAM Directory Services and will have the responsibility operate and protect the American Express Enterprise Directory environment and associated management infrastructure. We are looking for a highly skilled operations and performance subject matter expert who can assist in the operations of and maintenance of the Directory Services environment. You will be responsible for maintaining the enterprise directory services infrastructure. You will also assist the architecture team members as they work to improve the management of the infrastructure. You will work with the team to challenge the status quo, constantly evaluate the current industry trends, and bring new capabilities to the IAM organization. Essential Functions: Provide support for daily operations of the Active Directory environment. Act as technical SME in the areas of Active Directory - administration, infrastructure, process, procedures, monitoring, and projects. Provide technical expertise when necessary to maintain environments and troubleshoot issues. Act as a manager between the Business Partner and vendor technical contacts. Promote and work with team members to implement process improvement initiatives. Qualifications Do you have what it takes to lead the way in cyber security? Experience with operations and implementation of Enterprise Active Directory Domain within a complex multi-forest environment Experience in the following disciplines: Active Directory Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) Microsoft Azure Active Directory and AAD Connect Okta IDaaS Internal and External Federation OAuth Information Security experience, certification, or a high level of Information Security Awareness. Preferred experience with network and server fundamentals including DNS Preferred experience with Microsoft SQL Server administration and maintenance (part of AD management platform architecture) Possess ability to translate technical issues into understandable business language for end users and solution for those issues long-term Ability to clearly communicate to key stakeholders including internal/external audit teams Preferred experience working with vendor teams to provide support and systems integration Preferred experience with Forefront Identity Manager or Meta Directory services, Oracle Directory Services and/or Active Directory Lightweight Directory Services Preferred experience with operational tools such as MS SCOM/SCCM and StealthBits suite of tools. Experience in highly regulated environments preferred Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems or other related field or has equivalent work experience Microsoft certifications including Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE) is a plus Experience with Quest ARS and GPOADmin is a plus Security Certifications such as CISSP, CISA, CISM is a plus At the core of Information Security Management. Every member of our team must be able to demonstrate the following technical, functional, leadership and business core competencies, including: Agile Practices Emerging Technologies Business Process Improvement Business Risk Management Analytical Thinking Coaching and Mentoring Business Case Development Industry and Company Knowledge Why American Express Talk to our people and you’ll find out what we’re really all about. Open, creative, risk-taking, collaborative and innovative are just some of the expressions you’ll hear. It’s our culture that makes American Express an outstanding place to work, and a big part of why we regularly win best workplace awards all over the world. If you’re ready to take on a challenge and make an impact, you owe it to yourself to launch or grow your career here. Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions. ReqID: 18011973 Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time