Division: Siemens Healthineers Business Unit: Healthineers (HC) Requisition Number: 226384 Primary Location: United States-Pennsylvania-Malvern Assignment Category: Full-time regular Experience Level: Mid level Education Required Level: Master's Degree Travel Required: 5% Division Description: . Job Description: Sr. Data Architect Siemens Healthineers is looking for a talented and motivated individual to serve as a Sr. Data Architect within our Platform Management team. The right candidate will work with the industry’s latest CRM and database technologies in support of a highly focused and entrepreneurial department leading change, driving growth and supporting key business services. The individual will contribute to the overall objectives of the department and will be a hands-on technical resource to a variety of cross-functional teams and global project initiatives. He or she will have to have a solid background in key technologies with focus on data management, data integration, and system design and implementation experience. The ideal candidate will be a highly self-motivated IT professional that enjoys working closely with commercial business leaders. This person will be inspired by technology and its use in an ever changing, fast paced environment. Key Responsibilities: Design, develop, implement and document data ingestion and integration processes. Construct a scalable data architecture utilizing both existing and new data sources. Establish and augment data services and workflows by researching and implementing best practices in data consumption, transformation and presentation. Maintain database performance by creating automated components to monitor server health, logs, backups and recovery. Perform data profiling to understand data domains, validation rules and data dependencies. Participate in code and design reviews. Required Qualifications: Well-versed in relational database design. Exceptional knowledge of T-SQL and Microsoft SQL Server (2012 and up). Proficiency in database management and administration. Experience with processing and managing large data sets (multi TB scale). Working knowledge of .NET web application and Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services. BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Math or related field. Desired Qualifications: Experience with Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services ( SSIS) Experience with Python or other scripting languages. Experience with data viz platforms such as QlikView or Tableau. Experience in Big Data/NoSQL environments. Experience in identifying scope and estimating work effort.