We live in a world of rapid change and disruption. Artificial Intelligence and Blockchain are some of the most disruptive technologies mankind has ever produced and it presents an opportunity to completely rewrite the way we live, work and play in this world. CognitiveScale was founded on the belief that pairing humans and machines will unleash human creativity and ingenuity. And for this mission of impacting humankind in a positive way, we work with businesses and organizations to engage customers, empower employees and deliver business outcomes. As we are scaling our operations to build the next most impactful business in the universe, we are looking to add more talent and diversity to the team. As a Business Development Executive (BDE), you will identify new market opportunities to create value for customers and for CognitiveScale. You will unlock the potential of winning partnerships for CognitiveScale, with Cloud & Data providers, ISVs, and Global System Integrators. You will establish meaningful relationships with key ecosystem stakeholders; and manage C-suite relationships to deliver mutually beneficial products and services. You will be responsible for driving revenue growth, with and through these partners. You will work cross-functionally with product, engineering, legal, and marketing to negotiate on behalf of CognitiveScale. You must be able to forecast sales activity and revenue achievement through partnerships while creating satisfied and referenceable customers. Roles & Responsibilities Build winning go to market partnerships with Cloud/Data companies, ISVs and Global SIs, that can substantially increase top line revenue for both parties Identify new opportunities, new partnerships, and negotiate first-of-their kind business and technical terms with partners Manage relationships with key players and platform holders in the tech ecosystem including Microsoft, Amazon, Intel and Google Qualify joint partner leads and sales opportunities as needed to determine sales opportunities Partner with Product and Marketing teams to identify growth opportunities Inform, influence, support, and execute key business decisions Track, analyze, influence, and communicate key metrics to build opportunities and experiences that create scale and meaningful ecosystem value Work SFDC like a champ! Required Skills: You like to win – for your customers, partners, employers and yourself You have a General Manager like attitude in managing partnerships – work across all functions with a key focus on revenue growth (Eye on the prize!) Experience in partner management, a track record of influencing change in organizations, and the ability to synthesize and execute against problems and timelines You are a skilled and creative negotiator, who knows how to get deals done You have proven consultative sales solution skills, including the ability to articulate a clear, concise return on investment value statement You don’t give up easily You have been told you are an overachiever You bring out the best in people and you are fun to be around Must Haves You have successfully worked with customers in the largest Financial, Healthcare, Technology, and/or Media Entertainment institutions You have 10+ years of enterprise solution software sales experience selling applications, analytics, AI or similar emerging technology area Experience in partner management, a track record of influencing change in organizations, and the ability to synthesize and execute against problems and timelines Bachelor’s Degree or higher CognitiveScale is an Equal Opportunity Employer. CognitiveScale does not discriminate against any applicant for employment because of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, veteran status, or disability. Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully: CognitiveScale is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please: no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at CognitiveScale via email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of CognitiveScale. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by CognitiveScale as a result of the referral or through other means.