Gallagher Benefit Services, Inc. (GBS) consistently stands out in a competitive marketplace as an employer of knowledgeable, highly skilled and competitive talent. We are a company that touches businesses and their employees on a personal level. At the core, our job is to help protect the health and well-being of employees and their families and provide for their financial security – all while allowing employers to attract and retain the people they need to grow and succeed. As you consider the value of working for Gallagher Benefit Services, remember your talent, winning attitude and strong performance will be highly valued and will maximize your future potential. Position Summary: The Merger Integration Specialist is responsible for facilitating and managing all of the integration efforts resulting from a merger or acquisition as it relates to the GBSIFS Life operations. As part of your learning & development, you will shadow and learn the methodology. Key Responsibilities: Develops solutions based on subject expertise and occasionally represents the department or function at a broader level. Additional Considerations: You will work directly with onsite staff and IT to gain an understanding of how the underlying technology enables business processes and data conversion from legacy agency management systems to GBSIFS suite of systems. Lead the integration of new merger and acquisition (M&A;) partner branches onto the GBSIFS suite of systems and processes, with ultimate accountability for smooth conversion Manage system conversion activities for M&A; partners, including supporting training and go-live support activities Manage multiple concurrent M&A; conversion projects, ability to manage concurrent projects is imperative Provide direction and feedback to internal and external analysts and developers to convert M&A; partner’s legacy system data to GBSIFS systems Develop strong working knowledge of primary GBSIFS systems and processes including SmartOffice/Ebix and other related systems Leverage broad industry knowledge and GBSIFS systems and processes knowledge to foresee conversion obstacles and lead the charge to plan for solutions Collaborate with new M&A; partner’s employees, Corporate Finance, Commissions, Licensing, SmartOffice/Ebix Experts, and IT staff to develop integrated project plans for all phases of M&A; conversions; achieving consistent results. Work with carriers to repaper new M&A; partners to GBSIFS. Coordinate across teams to ensure effective communication and collaboration Liaise with System and Process Owners on issues and feedback Develop effective working relationships with M&A; partner’s employees and Gallagher stakeholders involved with each initiative across many functional areas Identify discrepancies between M&A; partner’s processes and procedures and those of GBSIFS Tailor system conversion mechanics based on the M&A; partner’s current workflows and practices Report performance and escalate issues to ensure projects are progressing per project plans Contribute to M&A; process improvement activities Actively build relationships with regional leadership, operations leadership and the myriad of participants in M&A; activity Required: Bachelor's degree 5 or more years related experience required. Desired: Experience using SmartOffice/Ebix or other agency management systems a plus Desktop software skills a plus Project management experience preferred Work Traits: Thorough knowledge of the insurance brokerage industry Ability to manage several projects Interpersonal skills Detail Oriented U.S. Eligibility Requirements: Interested candidates must submit an application and resume/CV online to be considered Must be 18 years of age or older Must be willing to submit to a background investigation; any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation Must have unrestricted work authorization to work in the United States. For U.S. employment opportunities, Gallagher hires U.S. citizens, permanent residents, asylees, refugees, and temporary residents. Temporary residence does not include those with non-immigrant work authorization (F, J, H or L visas), such as students in practical training status. Exceptions to these requirements will be determined based on shortage of qualified candidates with a particular skill. Gallagher will require proof of work authorization Must be willing to execute Gallagher's Employee Agreement or Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement which requires, among other things, post-employment obligations relating to non-solicitation, confidentiality and non-disclosure Gallagher offers competitive salaries and benefits, including: medical/dental/vision plans, life and accident insurance, 401(K), employee stock purchase plan, educational expense reimbursement, employee assistance program, flexible work hours (availability varies by office and job function) training programs, matching gift program, and more. _Gallagher believes that all persons are entitled to equal employment opportunity and does not discriminate against nor favor any applicant because of race, color, religion, sex, age, veteran status, disability, national origin, or any other legally protected status. Equal employment opportunity will be extended in all aspects of the employer-employee relationship, including, but not limited to, recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, transfer, demotion, compensation, benefits, layoff, and termination. In addition, Gallagher will make reasonable accommodations to known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified applicant with a disability, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business._