Cloud Engineer Onica is looking for an AWS Cloud Engineer/Architect who's passionate about helping customers build applications at scale. In this role, you will work directly with customers to help enable innovation through continuous, hands- on, deployment across technology stacks. You will be part of a team designing, automating, and deploying services on behalf of our customers to AWS in a way that allows these services to automatically heal themselves if things go south. We have deep experience applying DevOps techniques in virtually every industry. What you’ll be doing: Linux/Windows administration, automated deployments, scripting (Bash/PowerShell/Python) Working with customers engineering teams on a wide variety of projects Writing infrastructure as code (CloudFormation, Terraform) Establish credibility and build impactful relationships with our customers to enable them to be cloud advocates Participate in deep architectural discussions to build confidence and ensure customer success when building new, or migrating existing, applications, software and services on the AWS platform. Qualifications and responsibilities: 3+ years design & implementation experience with distributed applications 2+ years of experience in networking, infrastructure, or database architectures Demonstrated knowledge of software development tools and methodologies Technical degree required; Computer Science or Math background desired Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly Solid understanding of the overall AWS infrastructure (EC2, RDS, S3, VPC, CloudFormation etc.) Service architecture and containerization, such as Docker, Kubernetes Continuous Integration/Deployment: Git, TFS, Jenkins etc. Knowledgeable of configuration management frameworks such as Puppet, Chef or Ansible You are comfortable interacting with customers and have the ability to communicate as well as educate Nice to have: Expertise with public sector customers or large enterprises AWS Certifications Knowledgeable about HIPAA, PCI and other security frameworks and standards Experience with data at scale, MySQL, MSSQL, Postgres, DynamoDB, Mongo, ElasticSearch Some experience with any of the following C, Node.js, Python, Ruby, Go Experience with “on-premises to cloud” migrations or IT transformations Experience architecting/operating solutions built on AWS Technology changes quickly and adapting to new environments is paramount to success. Therefore, being a master of a specific technology is less important than a willingness and passion to learn. Prior AWS experience is required for this role. What’s in It for You? Tremendous room for growth, leadership opportunity, & professional development Receive a $5k annual training budget to be used for professional development and training Unlimited paid vacation, paid medical benefits, 401k options, and more! Full-time position with remote work option