What you’ll be doing... We are looking for an individual who wants to join a growing team working with bit data supporting our key initiatives such as Intelligent Edge. Identifying business problems and developing hypotheses in partnership with business users. Querying and deciphering data from various sources. Developing data visualization. Developing applications with and without the help of a senior developer. What we’re looking for... You will need to have: Bachelor's degree or four or more years of work experience. Four or more years of relevant work experience. Even better if you have: A degree in computer science, engineering or related field. Deep knowledge of data science concepts and applied knowledge of practices and methods within the 5 pillars of data science. Applied knowledge coding in (at least) SQL, Python and/or Java. Applied knowledge of statistical methods and applicable mathematical concepts. Applied knowledge of Splunk, SPL and anomaly detection and visualization development. Applied knowledge of visualization tools like Tableau. Applied knowledge of SDLC concepts and processes. Applied knowledge of building applications using Open Source tools like Jupyter Notebook, Spark, and Flink. Network domain knowledge. Knowledge of Big Data standards and best practices. Applied knowledge of statistical tools not limited to R, JMP and MiniTab. Applied knowledge in combining multiple data sources to uncover correlations and causations, building models and creating algorithms. Knowledge of the concept of managing workloads related to model processing in a Big Data ecosystem. When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.