ASSA ABLOY Door Security Solutions is a division of ASSA ABLOY, the global leader in door opening solutions, dedicated to satisfying end-user needs for security, safety, and convenience. Headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden, ASSA ABLOY is comprised of over 150 companies in more than 40 countries, all part of the door opening and security industry. Visit www.assaabloydss.com The architectural consultant acts as a professional and knowledgeable door and hardware consulting resource to the architectural community with the objective of increasing the market awareness and specification of related ASSA ABLOY products. Architectural consultants are the lead point of contact to architectural firms and supplement the promotional and specification writing services of the regional and local Door Security Solutions specification team. Primary function is to identify and secure opportunities for the preparation of CSI Division 08 Door Hardware, Steel Door & Frame, Wood Door, Integrated Door Opening Assemblies, Access Control Security Devices, and other related opening specification sections from targeted architectural firms, contract hardware distributors, design build contractors, and end-user clients. Conduct value added Educational Programs currently registered with AIA/CES to strategic architectural firms, association events, and any other approved location with multiple design team decision makers and influencers. Promote the adoption and use of the ASSA ABLOY Openings Studio plugin for 3D door and hardware virtual libraries, specifications, and transfer of project information. Coordinate and assist with creation and response to architectural project "Product Substitution and Approval" requests. Routinely interact and communicate with local ASSA ABLOY Door Security Solutions sales agencies regarding architectural calls, specification bid coverage, end-user specification guides, project tracking, sales growth objectives, and related marketplace strategies. Actively participate and network within approved professional organizations and associations. Meet agreed upon performance objectives that include strategic metrics for secured opening leads, generated specification documents, targeted product "solution" specification opportunities, architectural calls, and presentations. Candidate must possess strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to work in the professional environment with architectural firms to gain product approval and solicit specification writing opportunities. Consultants will report to Regional Architectural Directors, with training by a designated program instructor and assigned Mentor from the architectural consulting team. Job Training To prepare the employee for this role, the candidate will be enrolled in a 9 month training program "Architectural Consultant Training Program", which consist of 6 months of development; 3 months supervised support. The training program consists of classroom education, factory based tour and training events, self-study assignments, and on-the-job shadowing/training with an assigned in-market mentor. Candidates will be subject to weekly assignments, progress evaluations, and quarterly assessments to assess their progression in the program. Learn how to utilize ASSA ABLOY software tools such as Openings Studio and SalesPoint-Customer Relationship Management software to write specifications and maintain customer and project information. Upon successful completion of the program, candidates will be assigned a full- time, architectural consultant position in a pre-determined and agreed upon U.S. metro market. Architectural Consultants are required to use company systems and software, promote innovative opening solutions to designers and architects, and assist with the timely preparation of specification contract documents related to the opening industry. The starting base salary for the trainee will be $50K range and there will be opportunities for tiered base salary increases. At the end of the training program, the successful graduates will assume an Architectural Consultant position with a competitive salary and bonus package commensurate with the role and responsibilities. Bachelors’ Degree from an accredited college or university is a minimum requirement Exceptional interpersonal communication and presentation skills are required. Above average proficiency with computer software applications including major Microsoft "Office Suite" programs, specifically Excel. Experience with Autodesk Revit® design software is a plus. Detail orientated with strong organizational skills and time management habits. Motivated self-starter with a high aptitude for acquiring new skills and principles. Ability to meet travel requirements required for training program (up to 50% in a month); and travel up to 20% upon completion of the program. Ability to lift and carry up to 50 lbs of sample and display material for presentations.