ARE YOU READY to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level? Do you have a passion for using new technologies to make a positive impact on business and community? Want a role that provides you with a sense of purpose and satisfaction? Then join Accenture Technology’s Cloud First group and build a rewarding career improving the way the world works and lives, as you help clients shift to the New using leading-edge technologies on some of the coolest projects you can imagine. Focus on leading cloud technology based solutions like SFDC, Google, Pegasystems and other emerging Cloud Applications to offer comprehensive, industry-focused cloud services that includes strategy, implementation, migration and managed services. Drive broader transformational programs for clients. Thrive in our highly collaborative, digitally-driven and innovation- led environment. Nurture your talent for thoughtful and game changing solutions in our inclusive culture that values diversity of ideas, experiences and backgrounds. Job Description The Pega Business Architect is a key member of our Delivery organization in the US. In addition to being responsible for developing high performing solutions on the Pega platform, the Pega Business Architect will be knowledgeable on reporting and integrations and provide insight in business analysis, conduct needs assessments and configure apps, as required. Our clients are world leading organizations that are/have selected Pegasystems to advance their business and the Pega Business Architect is an essential team member inside the organization. We can hire for this role anywhere in the US, as long as you are located near an Accenture office, and willing and able to travel domestically approximately 80% of the time to meet client needs. Come join the 1 Pega Partner (for the 6th year in a row)!! _Typical Day Snapshot – Pega Business Architect_ A professional at this position level within Accenture has the following responsibilities: Manages iterative requirements or Agile methodology. Has knowledge of Pegasystems software, frameworks, and functional design. Collaborates with the technical team. Updates and Validates the functional backlog, ensuring requirements are captured in use cases, requirements and design templates as part of DCO. Basic Qualifications Minimum of 1 years of experience with Pega software, frameworks, and functional design. Preferred Qualifications Certified Pega Business Architect (CPBA) certification. Previous Consulting or client service delivery experience. Specialization in functional area (CRM, deployment, etc.) or industry domain expertise. Experience with software architecture and SOA services implementation. Experience designing and developing process based solutions. Experience with Pega frameworks and functional design. Professional Skills Requirements Excellent oral and written communication skills Demonstrated client facing experience Strong technical concept communication Ability to pick up industry knowledge and apply solutions Strong negotiation skills Visual modeling skills _All of our consulting professionals receive comprehensive training covering business acumen, technical and professional skills development. You’ll also have opportunities to hone your functional skills and expertise in an area of specialization. We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialized skills faster. Learning takes place both on the job and through formal training conducted online, in the classroom, or in collaboration with teammates. The sheer variety of work we do, and the experience it offers, provide an unbeatable platform from which to build a career._ _Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture._ _Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration._ _Accenture is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employee of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities._ _Equal Employment Opportunity_ _All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law._ _Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process._ _Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women._