Job Description The ideal candidate is a motivated self-starter with strong business acumen to join the team and build analytics driving actionable insights to accelerate the growth of the business. The Data Engineer will partner with Senior leaders, product managers, and other internal stakeholders to build metrics. This role requires an individual with excellent analytical abilities, deep knowledge of business intelligence solutions as well as a passion for problem- solving. Ideally, you are comfortable with ambiguity and accessing and working with data from multiple sources. You will analyze large amounts of data, discover and solve real world problems, and build metrics and business cases around key performance of this program. You will be responsible for understanding the health of the service and business, and drive necessary changes as needed. This is a perfect position for someone who loves data and knows how to work fast and smart. Some of the key responsibilities for this position include: Propose and implement business metrics for senior management reviews Work with business intelligence and data engineers to design and develop data infrastructure to support business growth Enable effective decision making by retrieving and aggregating data from multiple sources and compiling it into a digestible and actionable format Perform deep-dives to find the root causes behind variances of key parameters over a given time-period Develop intelligent, insightful self-reporting tools Manage the data warehouse Key responsibilities: Work closely with management, software engineering leaders, and business teams to plan catalog data improvements so as to maximize customer improvement impact. Triage many possible courses of action in a high-ambiguity environment, making use of both quantitative analysis and business judgment. Collaborate with software engineering teams to integrate experimental capabilities into large-scale, highly complex Amazon production systems. Report results in a manner which is both statistically rigorous and compellingly relevant. Assist in recruiting, mentoring, developing, and training other Research Scientists as well as other technical roles when needed. Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree or higher in a quantitative/technical field (e.g. Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering). 3+ years of relevant experience in one of the following areas: Data engineering, business intelligence or business analytics. 3+ years of hands-on experience in writing complex, highly-optimized SQL queries across large datasets. 3+ years of experience in scripting languages like Python etc. Experience in data modeling, ETL development, and Data warehousing. Data Warehousing Experience with Oracle, Redshift, etc. Experience with AWS services including S3, Redshift, EMR and RDS. Experience in working and delivering end-to-end projects independently. Preferred Qualifications Preferred Qualifications : 5+ years of experience as a Data Engineer, BI Engineer, Business/Financial Analyst or Systems Analyst in a company with large, complex data sources. Experience building/operating highly available, distributed systems of data extraction, ingestion, and processing of large data sets Experience with AWS services including S3, Redshift, EMR and RDS. Experience with software coding practices is a strong plus. Experience using Linux/UNIX to process large data sets