Company Overview Grainger is looking for warehouse associates who want to start an exciting career with a Fortune 500 company and one of America’s most recognizable business-to-business brands. Grainger offers competitive wages starting at $ 17.12/hour plus a total benefits package which includes best-in-class healthcare benefits from day one, weekends off, paid vacation time, company holidays, a 401k plan with immediate company contribution, the opportunity to earn a quarterly bonus, and more. Headquartered in Lake Forest, Illinois in 1927, Grainger employs more than 25,000 team members in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe and Asia. Grainger offers more than 1.6 million maintenance repair and operating products and the world’s most comprehensive assortment of inventory management and technical support solutions to more than 3.2 million customers. Grainger’s mission is to help professionals keep their operations running and their people safe. We solve problems to create more productive, efficient and sustainable organizations. Our strength lies in our sustainability, a unique perspective earned through a more than 90 year history. We are a culture rooted in service to others, responsiveness to customers, innovative solutions and strong execution. We strive to hire and continually develop, energize and reward talented people who want to grow with Grainger. And we believe that the development of an inclusive workforce is essential to our success. Come and join the team that gets it done! Position Description Primary F Primar The ideal candidate for this role has a passion for providing an effortless customer experience and takes seriously Grainger’s commitment to help customers (and global industry) keep their operations running and their people safe. Tasks include: Receiving, storing and shipping product Meeting productivity, quality, safety, behavioral and attendance expectations Using established procedures, tools, equipment, and technologies to complete inbound and outbound processes within a distribution center Principal Duties & Responsibilities: Safely perform assigned warehouse functions utilizing established processes, procedures and tools, while meeting performance expectations for productivity, quality, safety and attendance. Functions may include, but are not limited to: unloading, put-away, sorting, labeling, picking, packing, replenishing, auditing, shipping, making boxes, etc. Comply with Grainger policies, guidelines and procedures, as well as state and federal regulations, OSHA and Hazardous Material requirements in the storage, handling and movement of product. Perform, as necessary, maintenance and upkeep duties help to maintain a clean, safe, organized work environment. Actively participate in process improvements by utilizing Grainger’s quality system. Essential Functions and Requirements: Must be able to tolerate an environment with exposure to heat, cold, noise, dust and work around moving equipment. Able to meet productivity, quality, safety, and attendance requirements, including overtime as required. Able to continuously lift, slide and lower packages up to 50 pounds (may frequently weigh up to 75 pounds) May be required to operate powered industrial equipment to pick and/or put away items in racks, which can be 34 feet tall and, at times, configured in narrow aisles. Must be able to work at various elevated stations throughout the DC. Able to operate computerized scanning equipment. Able to work in a team environment. Position Requirements: Education & Experience: High school diploma or equivalent. High school seniors permitted. Work Environment: This position reports directly to a distribution center supervisor and/or process manager, and has regular interaction with other associates. Impact: The efficiency and effectiveness of this position directly impacts customer satisfaction and profitability. Position must operate in compliance with OSHA and hazardous materials guidelines. EEOC Statement _Grainger is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status._