We are extremely excited to launch the mobilization of new squad members to the colors of Do IT. We are summoning a talented, motivated and eager to fight new challenges Middle JavaScript Developer (Angular/Angular2+). At this stage, we may not provide exact names of our client and its project, because of the client’s non-disclosure requirements. You will learn these in case you are successfully hired. In couple words: the client is an innovative US company, and the project is the application to manage wage workers and activity reports (aka timelogs). The project is about 1 year of age and is approaching the production stage. The project anticipates a great deal of using the web application development frameworks such as Angular.js / Angular 2 or higher, as well as the extensive use of the testing tools. The project team will consist of 5-6 persons, all of which are of at least Middle level, therefore you won’t have to nurture or mentor them. The project also anticipates a great deal of direct communication with the client, providing you with an opportunity to establish new contacts and practice your English communication skills. Hence back to business, we are expanding our squad with highly professional and skilled developers who would like to apply their programming expertise and skills in practice and climb up a new level of the career. As such, you would be responsible for developing new and improving existing products to match the customers’ needs and requirements. Your tasks and responsibilities may include: Expanding the product functionality; Developing new modules and features; Fixing bugs and errors in the existing product; Optimizing the source code and performance;; We expect that you will bring the following expertise and experience with you: 2+ years of commercial software engineering; Professional expertise in Angular.js, Angular2+ and Node.js; Solid TypeScript knowledge; MySQL knowledge and experience; NgRX knowledge and experience; Knowledge of the Git version control system; At least Upper Intermediate English. We will have additional joy if you have: Experience in implementing unit tests in JavaScript; Experience with web technologies Ruby, PHP, HTML, CSS; Experience with other JS frameworks; Passion for learning new technologies and self-education; Portfolio with your interesting projects; Who are you We believe that true passion to what you do makes you a true professional in what you do. We respect and value such people, people who show their desire to improve and grow, people who always try to squeeze all the best of them. Your professional skills and experience certainly are of a high importance, but these should be backed by your personality and itching for the improvement. We are in need of a team player meaning a person who is ready to be a part of a larger community unit, share responsibility for the work, be not afraid of the problems and be ready to solve them in a pragmatic manner, and, of course, who is highly motivated to play hard on this field. We believe you are a well- organized, efficient person able to set proper priorities and needing no “magical kick” to focus on the issue. What we offer Work in the solid, friendly and supportive team Perfectly equipped and cozy office with multiple lounge zones in the historical center of the city Family-like relationship within the team and direct communication with international clients Personal development and professional growth Competitive salary, paid vacation Team building activities (corporate parties, joint movie and football watching in the office) English lessons with native speaker to bring your English to a next level Coffee, tea, cakes and candies About Do IT Do IT is an international custom software development company with offices in the Great Britain, Cyprus and Ukraine, providing our customers with top quality software solutions. Our services cover custom software development for healthcare, banking, gaming, entertainment, lifestyle and many more areas of the business and personal life. We strive to help other businesses and individuals increase their value on the market through making them digitally present. That means we are crafting their software products to match most recent market trends. Overall, we are a solid team of highly skilled and passionate professionals who have fallen in love with what we do. If this description matches what you think about yourself, feel free to send us your CV with a brief promo of yourself. We will evaluate those and set up an interview in a short time. Have fun and send us your CV! Regards, Do IT Programming Solutions