The Data Quality Specialist is a critical component of our National Data Team (NDT) and is responsible for daily maintenance of customer data and collaborating with CRM stakeholders, business facing data stewards, and IT to ensure a continued focus on customer data that can be trusted and adheres to established standards. This position will work with other members of the National Data Team to ensure data integrity is maintained within the system through audits, deduping, and other methods identified by NDT leadership. Essential Duties : Perform data loads, reconciliations, data merges, deduping, list bumps, lead conversion, and archiving of customer records Provide light CRM administration and customer support as needed Perform regular data audits and address any gaps identified. Maintain and monitor do not contact, subscription preferences, and critical data points such as risk flags, etc. for key customers Aid in maintaining CRM license approvals, IT tickets and backlog items Aid in completion of CRM projects through the design, requirement writing, data validation, team meetings and UAT testing Other duties assigned Education: Bachelor degree. Degree in information management, marketing, statistics or business administration a plus Technical/Soft skills: Solid organization skills Exceptional detail oriented focus Strong analytical and problem solving skills Solid technical aptitude – preferably with previous experience in data management, database management, report writing, or complex spreadsheets Solid interpersonal and communication skills Customer service oriented mindset Experience : A minimum of 1-2 years previous experience in data quality management required Previous CRM experience highly preferred Previous business process improvement experience a plus You want your next step to be the right one. You've worked hard to get where you are today. And now you're ready to use your unique skills, talents and personality to achieve great things. RSM is a place where you are valued as an individual, mentored as a future leader, and recognized for your accomplishments and potential. Working directly with clients, key decision makers and business owners across various industries and geographies, you'll move quickly along the learning curve and our clients will benefit from your fresh perspective. Experience RSM US. Experience the power of being understood. RSM is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans.