The Oculus team at Facebook is helping more people around the world come together and connect through world-class VR hardware and software. With global departments dedicated to VR research, computer vision, haptics, social interaction, and more, Oculus is committed to driving the state of the art forward through relentless innovation. VR’s potential to change the world is immense — and we’re just getting started. Oculus Core Tech team explores, develops, and delivers new cutting-edge technologies that serve as the foundation of current and future Oculus products. From mixed reality and human interaction to natural inputs and beyond, Core Tech is focused on taking new technologies from early concept to the product level while iterating, prototyping, and realizing the human value and new experiences they open up. Machine perception is a key ingredient in developing great virtual, augmented, and mixed reality technology. We are looking for experienced software engineers with a proven track record in machine learning architecture design. You will be working on a broad range of topics, from real-time object recognition and tracking algorithms to higher level scene understanding. RESPONSIBILITIES Design, iterate and fine-tune neural network models. Analyze runtime efficiency and optimal performance/accuracy trade-offs. Profile and optimize the performance of complex ML systems, use cutting edge hardware accelerators. Design and implement ML code on co-processors such as DSPs and CNN engines. Develop optimized software to run on a variety of platforms and environments. Implement an end-to-end framework to search for neural network models with various resource constraints and performance characteristics. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS M.S. or Ph.D in Computer Science and 3+ years of work experience in ML software in C++. Experience porting ML algorithms to new hardware/software platforms. Experience optimizing ML software algorithms with hardware acceleration techniques. Experience with vectorization techniques on at least one platform (e.g. SSE, NEON, etc.). Experience with at least one scientific computation package (e.g. Eigen, Toon, etc.). Experience with Software Development processes including: source control, bug tracking, and design documentation. Experience with scripting languages such as Python. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years of experience in optimizing machine learning networks techniques on embedded platforms. Experience in designing efficient neural network models and deploying them on mobile platforms. Experience with C++11 / C++14 features and principles. Experience with at least one DSP or CNN engine. Publications at top computer vision and machine learning conference such as CVPR, ECCV, ICCV, ICML, NIPS. Demonstrated ability working collaboratively in cross-functional teams.