Company Information Cole-Parmer is a leading provider of specialty technical instruments, appliances, equipment and supplies to industrial, bioscience, academic and governmental customers around the world. Our proprietary product lines include fluid-handling systems and instruments, which are important components of scientific research. Job Description Job Title: Web Developer Reports To: Enterprise Architect Director Position Location: Webster, TX FLSA Status (Exempt/Non-Exempt): Exempt Position Summary: This position is all about web development. The Web Developer focuses on building responsive web applications that work regardless of the screen size. We are looking for a driven full stack developer to become part of the TraceableLIVETM team. Key Responsibilities: Contribute to the development of tracablelive.com, our responsive web application built using Ember.js Integrate with our backend API services along with other third party REST APIs. Help improve the quality of the code by developing unit tests, automation, and participating in code reviews. Participate in brainstorming sessions and have the chance to contribute ideas to help make our product better. Take ownership of the development of our primary web presence, traceable.com Successfully deliver results for challenging problems on schedule. Maintains existing websites and web applications. Works with business partners (technical and non-technical) in the creation of requirements and issue resolution. Research new technological solutions to satisfy business challenges. Stays on top of industry change and drives innovation. Performs other duties as assigned Minimum Requirements/Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field from an accredited higher learning institution; or equivalent work experience; Master’s degree preferred 2-5 years’ relative work experience for all necessary work responsibilities 2-5 years’ experience building apps using Javascript Proven experience with hands-on development of responsive web applications using Ember.js Have hands-on experience building at least one responsive web app that is responsive down to mobile device screen size using a SPA framework (preferably Ember.js) Well versed in working with CSS tools like Sass, LESS and Compass Solid web design knowledge – you should know how to create a web UI that is compelling and functional Having experience building apps that integrate with RESTful APIs Proven experience with .NET and C Familiarity with SQL Thrives in a fast-paced, collaborative environment, efficiently works under pressures, within deadlines or other time essential constraints Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, to clearly and concisely communicate to all levels of the organization Strong work ethic and an ability to excel within a rapidly changing and growing organization This position has not been approved for Relocation Assistance. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not an exhaustive list of all of the duties and responsibilities associated with it. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.