The IT Lab Administrator will provide day-to-day support and administration of IT systems for our Therapeutics team in South San Francisco. In this newly created job, your duties will include troubleshooting and maintaining Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows end user and lab systems, implementing and maintaining infrastructure and software applications unique to the Therapeutics team, and participating in the IT Helpdesk and IT projects supporting corporate operations. Who we are Since 2006, 23andMe’s mission has been to help people access, understand, and benefit from the human genome. We are a group of passionate individuals pushing the boundaries of what’s possible to help turn genetic insight into better health and personal understanding. What you'll do Acting as a primary point of contact for IT-related issues for the Therapeutics team Participating in the implementation of applications and infrastructure unique to the Therapeutics team Participating in the IT Helpdesk; providing technical assistance and support to end users Maintaining the IT ticketing queue; closing tickets within the company SLA What you'll bring A strong customer focus, with a passion to help people get their work done. You will need to communicate clearly to both technical and non-technical end users. We are a fast paced environment which gives a lot of independence to employees. You will need to manage your work and effectively coordinate with others, updating our ticketing system. Ability to quickly identify IT related issues and know where to look when you don't know the answer Power-user level experience on OSX, Microsoft Windows, and Linux Experience using Google Apps (G Suite) and Microsoft Office Demonstrated ability to manage an interrupt driven workload The ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment Ability to communicate clearly with end users with diverse technical and scientific disciplines Strong customer service skills Pluses Experience in the technologies we use is helpful but not required. Microsoft Active Directory, JAMF Casper Suite (client management framework), Microsoft Windows SCCM. Our services are deployed in a hybrid cloud environment running on AWS, VMware, and OpenVZ on CentOS servers. We use Network Appliance Filers (both physical and AWS). Management tools are written in Python, Bash and PowerShell. About Us 23andMe, Inc. is the leading consumer genetics and research company. Our mission is to help people access, understand and benefit from the human genome. The company was named by MIT Technology Review to its “50 Smartest Companies, 2017” list, and named one of Fast Company’s “25 Brands That Matter Now, 2017”. 23andMe has over 5 million customers worldwide, with ~85 percent of customers consented to participate in research. 23andMe is located in Mountain View, CA. More information is available at www.23andMe.com ( http://www.23andme.com/ ). At 23andMe we value a diverse, inclusive work force and we provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to an individual’s race, color, sex, gender identity, gender expression, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. 23andMe will reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities to the extent required by applicable law. Please note: 23andMe does not accept agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Thank you.