This position is open until filled with the first review period starting on August 3rd. The Program Manager for School Counseling serves a critical role in the district's efforts to support counselors and re-vision secondary education. The manager oversees the development and implementation of a comprehensive counseling program for Seattle Schools including curriculum, individual planning, responsive services, and system support at the secondary level. The manager works across central office teams to ensure policies and procedures, and training related to counseling align with the district's goals as well as district, federal and state requirements. The manager oversees district counseling staff, professional development for school counselors, district software and school counselor tools, such as Naviance; provides information to administrators for hiring and evaluation support; creates district counseling reports. The counseling manager will oversee district projects such as the development and delivery of the High School and Beyond Plan, as well as advisory and others that support secondary re-visioning work in the district. Essential Functions 30% Provide leadership and vision in the development, operation, and support the district's school counseling program and the annual goals and central team's work plan for this program. 15% Develop and lead the design and implementation of Seattle Public Schools High School and Beyond Plan and the district plan for advisory at the high school level. 15% Manage the district's counseling team to ensure support for schools in review of transcripts and graduation questions, the smooth implementation of Naviance, crisis management, and other work that school counselors address. 10% Work collaboratively with district leadership, school staff, community and expert partners to develop and implement the vision and annual goals for the district's school counseling program. 10% Build relationships with and maintain an ongoing dialogue with school administrators, district leaders, and school counselors, regarding counseling programs, services, and opportunities that meet the needs of all students. 10% Provide professional development for school counselors which promotes professional growth and expertise and is relevant to the needs of all students, and increases student academic and career success. 5% Provide training for administrators and counselors in both the counselor evaluation process and other needed professional learning. 5% Work with campuses, principals, and/or counselors to establish annual counseling goals. OTHER FUNCTIONS: Advocate for equity in programs, policies, and procedures related to counseling that have an impact on students. Work collaboratively with the Budget Services, Grants Management, Human Capital Management, Legal, Procurement Services, and other departments as appropriate to ensure compliance. Prepare board documents and reports as necessary. Increase the quality and scope of the district's counseling program by staying current in best practices and pedagogy at the state and national level. Provide oversight of public facing communication such as website, social media, in collaboration with Communications. RELEVANT COMPETENCIES: Drive for Results Pursues everything with energy, drive, and a need to finish; does not give up before finishing, even in the face of resistance or setbacks' steadfastly pushes self and others for results Sets clear and lofty goals for himself or herself, as well as for the organization, and pursues them with enthusiasm and energy Dealing with Ambiguity Can effectively cope with change; can shift gears comfortably; can decide and act without having the total picture; can comfortably handle risk and uncertainty Anticipates impact of change, and directs self and others in smoothly shifting gears Directing Others Establishes clear directions; sets stretching goals and assigns responsibilities that bring out the best work from people; establishes a good work plan, and distributes the workload appropriately Inspires others to do things the most effective way based on the group's collective knowledge of patterns of success Written Communications Is able to write clearly and succinctly in a variety of communication settings and styles; can get messages across that instigate appropriate actions Is proficient in a variety of writing styles, and uses the appropriate style that suits the message and the audience DISTRICT-WIDE CORE COMPETENCIES: Collaboration Develops cooperation and teamwork while participating in a group, working toward solutions which generally benefit all involved parties. Is seen as a team player who encourages efficient and effective collaborations. Works skillfully in difficult situations with both internal and external groups. Represents his/her own interests while being open-minded to other groups. Builds respectful and productive relationships internally and externally. Getting Results (Action Oriented) Performs work with energy and drive; values planning, but will take quick, decisive action when an opportunity presents itself. Demonstrates a strong sense of urgency about solving problems and getting work done. Focuses on achieving the goal even in the face of obstacles. Assumes responsibility for starting and finishing work with minimal supervision. Strives for new levels of performance. Decision Quality & Problem Solving Uses analysis, wisdom, experience and logical methods to make good decisions and solve difficult problems with effective solutions; appropriately incorporates multiple inputs to establish shared ownership and effective action. Weighs the consequences of options before making a decision. Applies appropriate criteria to situations for the purpose of making decisions. Displays self-confidence in own judgment. Focuses in the facts and solutions instead of opinions and problems. Integrity Is widely trusted; is seen as a direct, truthful individual; presents truthful information in an appropriate and helpful manner; keeps confidences; admits mistakes; doesn't misrepresent him/herself for personal gain. Deals with people and situations in an honest and forthright manner. Represents information and data accurately and completely. Represents the confidentiality of information and concerns shared by others. Takes ownership if a mistake is their own and does not blame others. Accountability Holds self and others accountable for measurable high-quality, timely and cost-effective results; determines objectives, sets priorities and delegates work; accepts responsibility for mistakes; complies with established control systems and rules. Takes responsibility and action as if the risks (financial or otherwise) are his or her own. Holds individuals and team accountable for their actions and results. Initiates action even if outcome is uncertain and is willing to accept the consequences of failure. Aligns own activities and priorities to meet broader organizational needs. Demonstrates courage and confidence in his or her own ability. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Intermediate Word, Outlook Desired: Excel, PowerPoint, grant writing Minimum Qualifications EDUCATION: Master's Degree or Higher in School Counseling or related field YEARS OF RELEVANT EXPERIENCE: 5 years, preferably in school counseling CERTIFICATION & LICENSES: ESA in School Counseling or CTE Certification in Career Counseling CLEARANCES: Criminal Justice fingerprint and background check