Auto req ID: 153320BR Job Description Nationwide Opportunities- Please Read: _Just because this role looks like it's located in Purchase, NY doesn't mean it is!_ At PepsiCo we place R&D; Interns/ Full- Time hires primarily in the three headquarter locations: Plano, TX; Chicago/Barrington, IL; Purchase/Valhalla, NY. In some cases, Interns/Full-Time hires will be placed in satellite locations. Location preferences will be discussed in the interview process. Why PepsiCo? PepsiCo is a global food and beverage leader operating in more than 200 countries with a product portfolio that includes 22 world-famous, billion- dollar brands. From Gatorade to Quaker, to LIFEWTR, to Lay’s, we make hundreds of enjoyable foods and beverages that are loved throughout the world. Innovation is a critical way we impact the market, as well as communities around the globe. We believe there is value in products, people, and planet. And we strive to make a difference by creating solutions that leave a lasting positive footprint. Our culture is driven by our employees. No two days are the same; we’re dynamic and full of passionate teams embracing new ideas through our collaborative spirit. At PepsiCo, What Makes You Unique, Makes Us Better! Functional Description: As a R&D; Engineer, you will collaborate with cross functional teams comprising technical experts within the R&D; function, as well as business unit leaders to design, execute, and launch new innovative products across PepsiCo’s portfolio. You will play a critical role in the innovation lifecycle by providing your insight and technical expertise from ideation through product launch. What you can expect: As a process engineer, you will design and develop process test protocols, lead the execution of plant trials, and analyze/communicate test results for potential new product launches. During plant trials, you will leverage strong leadership and problem solving skills to troubleshoot processing issues and make quick informed decisions on your feet within the dynamic manufacturing environment. Collaboration with third-party equipment vendors and suppliers to design, optimize, and/or validate food and beverage processing technologies. Exposure to cross-functional teams within and beyond R&D;, including marketing, sensory, analytical, operations, and strategy, from domestic and international markets. Opportunities to expand technical knowledge and education beyond your current expertise through internal PepsiCo R&D; education programs, as well as external collaborations with universities. Qualifications/Requirements What we’re looking for: Currently pursuing Engineering Degree (Chemical/Food Process/Mechanical/Electrical) Demonstrated ability to translate business objectives into strategic and tactical project goals and objectives Proven ability to make significant technical scientific advances utilizing internal and/or external resources Demonstrated understanding of how to incorporate business needs into technical decisions The ability and interest to work in laboratory, pilot plant and manufacturing scale environments Proven ability to manage multiple assignments/ tasks Familiarity with data science preferred Strong communication skills (oral and written) Willingness to travel up to 25% Minimum Qualifications. Each candidate: Must hold a Master’s degree prior to intended full time start date Must be legally authorized to work in the U.S. without the need for current or future work authorization or visa sponsorship for employment Must pass a drug screen and background investigation Relocation Eligible: Eligible for Standard Relocation All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy Please view our Pay Transparency Statement