Postman builds the worlds leading API Development Environment. We help everyone from individual developers to teams at organizations like Adobe, Salesforce, Cisco, Okta and Autodesk, collaboratively design, build, test, document, publish, consume and share both internal and external APIs. Over 5,000,000 developers and 100,000 organizations worldwide use Postman. Our customers LOVE our product and we continue to grow rapidly. As an expert in delivering business intelligence for Postman, you will work with our team to answer critical business questions in a data-driven manner. This role will require an informed and critical eye, someone who questions and reviews the validity of data from several perspectives, not just someone who fires a query and blindly forwards the results. Responsibilities Design, build and maintain analytical infrastructure across the organization Work closely with business stakeholders and engineering to make sure data definitions and technical logic specifications align with business requirements Handle data extractions and translations from multiple data sources in order to build and support sustainable, high-performance data model solutions Automate ETLs to acquire, process, and curate data, with an eye for reproducible analysis Recommend data standards and best practices to improve quality of data and speed to insight Design and build business metrics for our corporate reporting; build dashboards in analytical/BI tools for business stakeholders Translate analytical insights into actionable recommendations for business and process improvemen requirements 3 + years of relevant experience in Business Intelligence, Analytics, or other quantitative disciplines Experience solving ambiguous and complex data problems Experience mapping business objectives into actionable analyses, and explaining technical concepts, and implications to a broad audience Analytics industry Knowledge with a comfortable sense of the tooling landscape Proficient in SQL and working with large datasets, and knowledge of system architecture Knowledgeable in one or more leading BI Analytics platforms Plus: Experience with Looker benefits Postman is a small company, with 50 employees in San Francisco and Bangalore, and customers around the world. As at any startup, everyone wears many hats! Flexibility and a willingness to do what needs to get done are important. The position will require working with customers and colleagues in different time zones and cultures, within a collegial and supportive team.