What is Thunder? Thunder is a new crypto token that is high throughput and confirms transactions in seconds. This is enabled by a paradigm-shifting blockchain protocol, developed by leading experts in cryptography and distributed system, and accompanied by a rigorous mathematical analysis of security. Why work for Thunder? You will have the opportunity to work with world-leading researchers on Blockchains, Cryptography, and Distributed Systems, and work with a team of exceptionally strong software engineers. You will be developing exciting cutting-edge technology. You will have the opportunities of participating in the adventure of building, deploying and maintaining a brand new Blockchain across the full stack and enjoy the adventure particularly from security perspective. Location: Sunnyvale, CA Full – Time Position What you will accomplish: Keep abreast of emerging behaviors, technologies, and companies across the electronic trading and smart portfolio management landscapes Collaborate with other engineers, product owners, and designers to identify and solve challenging problems. Write & test code that truly works—code that is elegant & scales well Focus on fast, iterative & agile development and also shepherd agile practices and processes Ensure performance, scalability, availability & security in everything you do Contribute to platform-level technology, strategy & decisions Engage in the business goals as well as the technology What we are looking for: BS, or equivalent work experience, in Computer Science, Math, or related technical field (experience writing good software is a suitable replacement for a technical degree) Deep proficiency in a programming language such as Java and/or Python Experience with testing all aspects of the product/system like function/component, system, performance, regression and service, with an emphasis Big points for experience with test automation Experience in working with development teams to identify and capture test cases, ensure version management Experience setting up of test environments, designing test plans, developing test cases/scenarios/usage cases, and executing these cases. Comfortable working in a small, dynamic, and fast-paced team Strong capabilities of observation, analysis, synthesis Excellent written and oral communication skills Past co-workers attest to your prowess & agility in building great products Some technologies we use: Infrastructure: AWS (and non cloud hosted compute) Datastores: MySQL, DynamoDB, Redshift, S3 Data Processing: Lambda, Kinesis, RabbitMQ, Spark Microservices: Spring, Play, Docker, Elastic Beanstalk, ECS, Zookeeper Search: Elasticsearch We have great benefit packages for all employees: Competitive Compensation Medical, Dental, Vision 55% 401K match up to $10,000 a year with 1-year vesting 3 meals a day while working in the office $10,000 referral bonus for any hire staying for 3 months We are passionate about what we do and we want to share our vision with the world. We would like your help to achieve our mission.