Purpose Provide research and analysis support on the commercial real estate office market. Future markets may be added as we expand our services. The role will encompass tasks around the collection and analysis of core data, as well as a range of activities that contribute to and support the team's production and delivery of research material. Reviews and evaluates data results collected by themselves and others within the research group to ensure accuracy and comprehensiveness of research data and analysis. Provides research support for pitches, presentations, internal and client meetings. Performs regular maintenance and updates to property databases by conducting telephone surveys, on-site surveys, research forums, broker meetings, extracting data from brochures and other marketing materials, contacting civic organizations, outside agents, internet, and other sources. May be responsible for writing regular quarterly reports and other written outputs with direction from research manager. Responsibilities Work with the Operations Director (OD) to collect and organize all required data needed to begin providing research services. Work on data clean up and de-duplicating any data acquired Work with OD in salesforce.com to set up reports, tables, and market report templates. Compile contact data for all targeted buildings Work with the OD to create Cost-Benefit Models and Templates for future use. Work with OD to establish point of contact and set expectations with available listings information requirements Begin to set up Market Research methodology and standards Work with Marketing Specialist on designing market report templates Work with OD to set up Agent requests for market research Begin to test and establish frequency of data updates Analyze market trends and incorporate findings into presentations, reports and white papers. Responds to ad hoc internal and external client requests for data, graphs, commentary, etc. Other duties may be assigned. No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position. May provide informal assistance such as technical guidance, and/or training to co-workers. May coordinate and assign tasks to co-workers within a work unit and/or project. Provide Cost-Benefit Analyses for Office Lease Deals Qualifications Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university, preferably in Real Estate, Economics, Finance, Geography, and a minimum of one year related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong organizational and analytical skills. Requires knowledge of financial terms and principles. Ability to calculate intermediate figures such as percentages, discounts, and/or commissions. Conducts basic financial analysis. Ability to comprehend, analyze, and interpret documents and summarize graphically and in writing. Ability to solve problems involving several options in situations. Requires intermediate analytical and quantitative skills. Ability to handle and manipulate large amounts of data. Intermediate experience with Microsoft Office. Possess a positive work attitude and ability to work in a team environment. Decisions made with understanding of procedures and company policies to achieve set results and deadlines. Responsible for setting own project deadlines.