Position Overview The Systems/Network Administrator Senior/Lead provides the highest level of network and system architecture services and expertise to support, administer, and maintain the installation, configuration, performance and operations of systems for the Judicial Branch. Position Qualifications _Minimum education and/or experience_ : Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or closely related field and five (5) years of related work experience in administering, configuring, managing, installing and troubleshooting server and storage systems. An equivalent combination of post-secondary education and/or job- related experience may substitute for the minimum requirements on a year for year basis. _Knowledge, skills, and abilities:_ _Knowledge of:_ Hardware components, peripherals, and software. Enterprise level servers and blade technologies, SAN and NAS storage technologies, and backup solutions. Web services, clustering, and virtualization technologies. Cloud infrastructure and architecture, preferably Azure. Microsoft server operating systems and Active Directory. Installation, configuration, patching, testing and troubleshooting systems. System high availability and disaster recovery. _Skill in:_ Providing exceptional customer service. Strong teamwork abilities. Strong written and verbal technical communication. Understanding of network standards and network security. _Ability to:_ Adjust to changes in priorities without difficulty and manage time effectively with little or no supervision. To communicate effectively and professionally with personnel at all organizational levels. _Preferred education and/or experience:_ Five (5) years of work experience in a senior systems administrator role within an enterprise environment. _Preferred training, certifications and/or other special requirements:_ Experience with Microsoft System Center Operations Manager and Systems Center Configuration Manager. Experience with Cloud technologies such as Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services. Experience with SQL Server. Experience in a justice or law enforcement environment. _Working conditions:_ Job requires participation in a 24X7 on-call rotation that requires the addressing of critical issues at various locations throughout Maricopa County. Essential Job Tasks Designs and develops data center(s) and network architecture for the Judicial Branch to meet quality attributes such as performance, security, and maintainability. Monitors new and existing systems for potential problems and provide advanced expertise and resolution. Builds, configures, deploys, administers, performs backups, upgrades, and maintains virtual and physical servers. Contributes to, and maintains system standards. Performs periodic performance reporting to support capacity planning. Completes ongoing performance tuning, hardware upgrades, and resource optimization as required.Configures CPU, memory, and disk partitions as required. Reviews application logs and resolves issues. Performs regular file archival and purge as necessary. Creates, changes, and deletes user accounts per request. Builds hardware and software deployment and maintenance plans. Develops and provides formal and informal instruction to staff. Develops and maintains written documentation related to processes, procedures, and system specifications. Evaluates and recommends new enterprise class architectural frameworks, methods, and support tools. Provides technical guidance and direction to information services professionals and business leaders. Interfaces with the highest level of technical counterparts within other organizational departments to address the most critical issues. Selection Procedure The hiring authority will select the successful candidate based on departmental needs. Typically, successful candidates are hired at a salary rate up to midpoint of the range, based on applicable experience, internal equity and budgetary allowances. All Judicial Branch offers of employment and continued employment are contingent upon passing a thorough background/fingerprint check. Applicants must completely and fully answer any questions regarding felony and misdemeanor convictions including any convictions that have been expunged or set aside. Failure to include criminal history information is grounds for termination of an offer and employment. A conviction may not automatically disqualify an applicant. Judicial Branch facilities are located throughout Maricopa County. This position may be reassigned to other locations. Assignments will be made based upon the needs of the department.