About Us : KeepTruckin is on a mission to connect the world’s trucks. With the leading ELD and fleet management platform, we are bringing the trucking industry online and fundamentally changing the way freight is moved on our roads. The numbers tell the story: The KeepTruckin network is composed of more than 200,000 trucks and is expected to grow to 400,000 by end of 2018. We grew from $1 million to more than $50 million in annual recurring revenue in 12 months, among the fastest growing SaaS companies ever. Our Glassdoor rating is 4.8 stars. We have built an incredible culture with high trust and transparency, where people feel empowered to do their best work. About the Job : In this role you will accomplish a variety of different tasks in the Sales Operations group and will have a diverse set of responsibilities. Sales Operations at KeepTruckin plays a critical role in facilitating collaboration between Sales, Finance, Marketing and Product to maximize sales and customer success. You will support KeepTruckin through the design, implementation, and operational execution of end-to-end processes and tools. This role reports to the VP of Business Operations. Responsibilities: Update documents and workflows as procedural changes occur Assist Sales Operations with data cleanup in Salesforce Maintain and develop necessary Salesforce reports Lead projects and initiatives focused on improving productivity and simplifying processes throughout the sales organization, provide useful metrics to other departments Automate inefficient sales operations processes Qualifications: 3+ years of sales operations order processing experience Strong analytical skills and effective decision-making ability Proficient with Excel, Word, and PowerPoint Salesforce or CRM system administrator experience Strong oral and written communications and presentations skills Ability to organize and prioritize, maintain attention to detail, and work under critical time-frames Able to support traditional software company end of quarter peak timelines KeepTruckin is a rapidly growing startup headquartered in San Francisco. We offer fantastic benefits, a phenomenal office culture, unlimited PTO, and a stocked kitchen. As an equal opportunity employer, we are committed to diversity in the workforce. We consider qualified applicants without regard to sexual orientation, gender identity, race, veteran or disability status.