Job Description Position Overview/Description: This position in the Emerging Demand domain is responsible for defining the Ford Pay architecture design to meet the payment and subscription services required for current and future mobility services allowing customers to complete transactions within our ecosystem. Responsibilities: Primary responsibilities include: Provide architecture support to the portfolio of digital payment related application and teams and define/design solutions for both internal and external customers and integration Follow enterprise architecture processes and advise teams on cloud design, development, and architecture, service blueprints Develop and maintain payment expertise by researching latest industry trends and standards, driving innovation through PoCs and experiments Interface with other Architects, IT management, project managers, technical leads, developers, architects from each discipline and business domain, Agile/USDM coaches, architecture assurance analysts, and customers as needed Job Requirements: Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in IT or related technical field 3+ years of experience as a technical architect on an enterprise application development project 3+ years of experience with public cloud; Azure and/or Pivotal Cloud Foundry and/or AWS experience. Preferred Qualifications Master's degree in IT or related technical field Experience in implementing a mobile payment solution Experience in subscription and billing platforms for example Zuora Experience in integrating with different payment processors First Data/World Pay Experience in communicating technical requirements with vendors/suppliers Experience in payment industry and various card transaction flows Skills in reviewing and presenting architecture directions from multiple points of view The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.