Posting Details Job 034760 Department Code 23001-4030 Department CVPA-Dean's Office Job Title IT Computer Consultant I Location Syracuse, NY Pay Range Commensurate with experience. Salary Grade S4 FLSA Status Non-exempt Hours Standard university business hours. 8:30am -5:00pm (academic year) 8:00am – 4:30pm (summer) Hours may vary based on operational needs. Job Type Full-time Campus Syracuse, NY Unionized Position Code Not Applicable Job Description The College of Visual and Performing Arts IT help desk personnel provide first-level technology issue resolution for the college’s faculty and staff. They serve as first-responders to provide hardware, software, and network troubleshooting with both Macintosh and Windows computing platforms. Computer Consultant I help-desk personnel also assist with major technology projects, especially lab upgrades over the summer and winter breaks. These staff also assist with maintaining the college’s IT asset management systems and presence in the University’s Active Directory domain. Qualifications A Bachelor’s degree or equivalent plus 3 – 5 years relevant experience in information technology/computer science as necessary. Job Specific Qualifications Proficiency with Macintosh and Windows hardware and software. Understanding of TCP/IP networking; standard platform management methodologies, including systems imaging, remote administration, centralized directory services and policy-based systems management; understanding of Microsoft’s Active Directory and Exchange services. Excellent customer service skills and a service- oriented attitude. ACTC, ACSP, MCTS or MCP certification a plus. Responsibilities Provide first-level Macintosh and Windows help desk services. Triage the tickets in the support queue, assigning them to the appropriate second-level technician if the issue requires skills beyond first-levels’ abilities. Assist in the maintenance of the college’s Active Directory OU and shared e-mail and file storage allocations and quota, print services and maintaining TCP/IP network ranges that fall under the college’s supervision. Maintain asset management databases used to track IT equipment lifecycle. Interface with the central ITS group and other DSPs on campus to share knowledge on best practices for IT in higher education. Remain up-to-date and aware of industry best practices for IT in higher education. Commit to a service level agreement with a one hour time to first-response for new support requests during business hours. Assist with major technology projects, especially lab upgrades over the summer and winter breaks. Physical Requirements Not Applicable Tools/Equipment Not Applicable Application Instructions In addition to completing an online application, please submit a resume and cover letter. About Syracuse University Syracuse University is a private research university of extraordinary academics, distinctive offerings and an undeniable spirit. With a gorgeous campus in the heart of New York State, a global footprint and a history that dates to 1870, we embrace diverse backgrounds and viewpoints. Our student population includes nearly 15,000 undergraduates and 5,000 graduate students, representing all 50 U.S. states and 123 countries. Our proud commitment to veterans and their families is unrivaled in higher education. Home to 11 schools and colleges, Syracuse University blends the foundational power of the liberal arts with the intense focus of professional programs. We offer undergraduate, graduate, and professional degrees in Architecture, Arts and Sciences, Education, Engineering and Computer Science, Sport and Human Dynamics, Information Studies, Law, Management, Citizenship and Public Affairs, Public Communications, and Visual and Performing Arts. A medium-sized city situated in the geographic center of the state, Syracuse, N.Y., is approximately a four-hour drive from New York City, Boston, Philadelphia, Toronto and Montreal. With a metropolitan population of 700,000, Syracuse is a center for cultural, recreational and artistic events, including the Everson Museum of Art, Syracuse Stage, Symphoria, Destiny Mall, multiple sporting events, and festivals including Jazz Fest and Winterfest. The outdoor enthusiast will enjoy having the Adirondack Mountains, the Finger Lakes, Lake Ontario, and the Thousands Islands Region within easy driving distance of the Syracuse campus. EEOC Syracuse University is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action institution. The University prohibits discrimination and harassment based on race, color, creed, religion, sex, gender, national origin, citizenship, ethnicity, marital status, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law to the extent prohibited by law. This nondiscrimination policy covers admissions, employment, and access to and treatment in University programs, services, and activities. Commitment to Supporting and Hiring Veterans Syracuse University has a long history of engaging veterans and the military- connected community through its educational programs, community outreach, and employment programs. After World War II, Syracuse University welcomed more than 10,000 returning veterans to our campus, and those veterans literally transformed Syracuse University into the national research institution it is today. The University’s contemporary commitment to veterans builds on this historical legacy, and extends to both class-leading initiatives focused on making an SU degree accessible and affordable to the post-9/11 generation of veterans, and also programs designed to position Syracuse University as the employer of choice for military veterans, members of the Guard and Reserve, and military family members. Commitment to a Diverse and Inclusive Campus Community Syracuse University maintains an inclusive learning environment in which students, faculty, administrators, staff, curriculum, social activities, governance, and all other aspects of campus life reflect a diverse, multi- cultural, and international worldview. The University community recognizes and values the many similarities and differences among individuals and groups. At Syracuse, we are committed to preparing students to understand, live among, appreciate, and work in an inherently diverse country and world made up of people with different ethnic and racial backgrounds, military backgrounds, religious beliefs, socio-economic status, cultural traditions, abilities, sexual orientations and gender identities. To do so, we commit ourselves to promoting a community that celebrates and models the principles of diversity and inclusivity. Job Posting Date 07/02/2018 Application Deadline Full Consideration By Job Category Staff Message to Applicants