Company Information Solid reputation, passionate people and endless opportunities. That's Travelers. Our superior financial strength and consistent record of strong operating returns mean security for our customers - and opportunities for our employees. You will find Travelers to be full of energy and a workplace in which you truly can make a difference. Job Summary The Bond & Specialty Insurance Information Technology organization is seeking a talented professional to join the organization as an Associate Software Developer in the Management Liability program. Under general supervision, provides intermediate programming, configuring and/or analysis skills for specific system assignments. Troubleshoots, conducts impact analysis, and escalates appropriately. Defines technical requirements and has ability to coordinate team resources to solve problems. This job does not lead others. Primary Job Duties & Responsibilities Responsible for system programming and analysis tasks of intermediate complexity within a single system or group of small systems. Responsibilities include performing analysis, design, programming and configuration functions (includes defining technical requirements) with a very high degree of accuracy and speed. Performs analysis, assessment and resolution for defects and incidents of intermediate complexity and escalates appropriately. Works with team members to present results of analysis and formulate specifications. Will be performing both new development and modification of existing code with a very high degree of accuracy and speed. Writes code and unit test cases that follow Bond standards. Participates in technical design and code reviews. Builds effective relationships with stakeholders. Utilizes business knowledge to explain technical activities in business terms. Seeks opportunities to expand technical knowledge and capabilities. Coordinates project work with global offshore (GSO) resources. Provides technical guidance and mentorship to less experienced employees. Applies knowledge of current industry trends and techniques to formulate solutions within the context of assigned projects. Other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications High School diploma or equivalent required. 3 years of programming/development experience required. Education, Work Experience & Knowledge Bachelor's degree in a related field preferred. 5 years of programming/development experience preferred. Job Specific & Technical Skills & Competencies Technical Knowledge: Demonstrates advanced programming/configuration/analytical skills to achieve business and or technical requirements. Able to perform research and analysis tasks independently. Able to perform programming tasks of medium complexity in .Net. Able to work independently to resolve discrepancies, defects, incidents or problems with understanding of the business and system impacts. Able to identify and exercise appropriate escalation communications. Demonstrates an aptitude for learning and applying new and/or updated programming languages, techniques, and/or software development disciplines. Demonstrates understanding of the supported business systems. Communication Skills: Ability to communicate thoughts/designs/ideas in an unambiguous manner and adjusts communication based on audience. Exhibits active listening and effective written and verbal communication skills. Effectively contributes and communicates within the immediate team. Business Knowledge & Partnership: Ensures customer satisfaction through clear, concise, and professional communication. Demonstrates willingness, cooperation, and concern for business issues. Able to coordinate with other technical areas to achieve project/department or division goals. Continues to develop business knowledge through work assignments. Adjusts to changing business priorities. Problem Solving & Decision Making: Able to recognize, analyze, and diagnose business and technical problems, incidents, and defects of advanced complexity. Devises technically-feasible solutions for complex problems, using innovative insights and creativity in evaluating alternatives. Demonstrates the ability to make routine decisions independently and recognizes when escalation is necessary. Team Orientation: Builds relationships with peers within the team and department to achieve objectives and work as one team. Builds a good working relationship with business and offshore partners. Practices objectivity and openness to others' views. Able to recognize and support team priorities. Leadership: Exhibits team leadership and collaborates with partners. Planning (Project Management): Able to accurately evaluate and estimate tasks. Able to manage time and multiple priorities. Places high priority on service and consistently meets scheduled dates. Provides accurate and timely status information. Financial Awareness: Able to understand how the project schedule relates to budget. Environmental/Work Schedules/Other Newly renovated, collaborative workspace with sit-stand desks, dual monitors, wireless keyboard and mouse; Embracing latest architectural patterns and practices; Opportunities to experiment with newer technologies, pitch innovative ideas for sponsorship; Emphasis on continuous improvement and training opportunities. Requires weekend work hours. Requires overnight work hours. Requires holiday work hours (Federal and religious). Requires extended periods (1 or more weeks) of travel as needed. Requires travel up to 5% of time. Preferred Qualifications The desired skills are SQL, Mongo DB, .Net Core, Micro Service Development, Web Application Development, Cloud Development, Angular JS, Visual Studio Version 15 or greater, C, JSON. Understanding of Agile development methodology. Physical Requirements Operates standard office equipment. Requires extended periods of computer use. Requires extended periods of sitting. Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Travelers is an equal opportunity employer.