SUMMARY: Berry Global (NYSE: BERY) is a $7.1B global manufacturer and marketer of plastic packaging products. Headquartered in Evansville Indiana, Berry operates over 125 global manufacturing facilities and employs over 23,000 individuals. At Berry Global, we pursue excellence in all that we do and are always advancing to improve the way we work along with the products and services we provide. With our proven expertise in packaging and protection solutions, and our dedicated insights team that follows trends across a wide range of industries, we are uniquely positioned to serve a broad range of markets and customer needs. Our culture fosters trust and partnerships through appreciation, acknowledgement, and inclusion. Here at Berry we are continuously improving to support our mission and exemplify our values of partnerships, excellence, growth and safety. We encourage you to be a part of Berry Global, the company that is always advancing to protect what’s important! PURPOSE: Inspect and pack printed parts. RESPONSIBILITIES: Provide inspection and packing activity in the Printing Department Maintain a clean and safe work area Collect and inspect trend board samples at specified times throughout the shift Input data into shop floor Visually check quality of print against approved sample; (check if light or dark, check if off-center, check if faded or missing print, check molding parts for shorts, flash, strings, grease, etc.) Pack parts and verify count is correct Sort through start-up Clear unload and in-feed jams Clean up around machine when order is complete or any time press is down Load product into lid and cup printers Perform tape test Check bar code count to make sure job is complete Break printer inspector/packer for change over Application of printed label to box Maintain appropriate speed assigned each press Help material handlers as needed Check in on down time with the supervisor - Daily Follow all good manufacturing practices (GMP’s) and (HACCP) Practices. Any other duties as assigned by supervisor or department manager Fill out Traveler information for production records and reports - Daily Fill out Traceability and Accountability Log Sheets – Daily Must Keep track of all Labels - Daily Must Apply Scrap Labels on Scrap Totes to Send (Machine Scrap) on Conveyor System. Must Know the Quality Policy and apply it to working practices. Must be able to work in a team environment and help others as needed. Other duties may be assigned. QUALIFICATIONS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Education and/or Experience: High school diploma or equivalent or one to three months related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience. Language Skills: Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Mathematical Skills: Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals. Reasoning Ability: Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral or diagram form. Ability to deal with a variety of problems that may arise. Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand, walk and talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to use hands to finger, handle or feel objects, tools or controls; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; and stoop, kneel or crouch. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 35 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. The employee must possess the ability to differentiate colors. Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee regularly works near moving mechanical parts. The employee is frequently exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and risk of U.V. radiation. The noise level in the work environment is usually loud.