When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In. Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Note: Provide full legal first Name/Family Name Provide full address details Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application Job Description Summary: The PayPal Office of the CIO (OCIO) is looking for an exceptionally talented and highly motivated Cloud Architect with deep expertise in Cloud architecture and transformation strategy as well as functional product architecture in major corporate environments. This individual will be responsible for turning our multi-year Cloud strategy into reality. They will collaborate cross- functionally to develop our target-state Cloud Architecture and supporting organization model along with the platform and organization roadmap required to achieve that target-state. The OCIO Cloud Architect will achieve success by relying on their superior soft and hard skills to navigate and excel in our Agile and fast-moving technology culture. This role will partner directly with our business and technology stakeholders to translate business objectives into architecture and design for our Security-hardened Next Generation platforms. This position can be in Austin, TX., Scottsdale, AZ., or Timonium, MD. • Provide thought leadership to the immediate business and technology organization to influence roadmaps, capability increments, and drive bottom- line results through active architecture leadership. • Develop a deep understanding of the business domain and enterprise technology inventory to craft a Cloud architecture and roadmap that achieves business objectives, maximizes efficiencies, and secures the ecosystem. • Drive technical designs to consensus and approval as a leader within PayPal’s cross-functional technology team. • Design and oversee end-to-end solutions that provide frameworks, interfaces, and services that can be leveraged and extended for future requirements. • Leads, collaborates, and communicates architectural vision and governance models to architecture, development, and executive teams across the Office of the CIO and other Technology Domains around PayPal and eBay Inc. • Provide regular high-level communications to the executive staff and detailed communications to company-wide stakeholders • Work with Development Managers, Program Managers, Architects, Lead Engineers, Product Owners, and OE in scoping, phasing, and sizing major company-wide product launches • Deliver high quality products within aggressive timelines, with little or no guidance • Proactively engage with other team-members and cross- functional teams to ensure all open issues are identified & resolved. • Produce diagrams, reference architecture, domain models, and other artifacts that describe complex problems and end-to-end solutions. • Possess advanced understanding of Cloud, Network, and Security elements of a corporate ecosystem. • Identify and mentor critical engineering talent. • Identify and recruit technical leaders into the organization. • Leverage organization savvy to connect the dots, discover product and delivery opportunities, and then execute. Job Description: The candidate must possess the following skillset: Qualifications 10+ years of software and systems engineering experience with at least 8 years of architecting, designing and delivering enterprise-grade, distributed, mission-critical infrastructure, platforms, and services. The candidate must possess the following basic qualifications: Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or other relevant technical degree required. 10+ years professional related experience or Master’s Degree and 8+ years, or Doctorate and 6+ years Network Architecture and associated security certifications preferred Cloud Architecture and progressively more complex ecosystems preferred Certified Ethical Hack (CEH), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), and/or Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) preferred Subsidiary: Travel Percent: 0 Primary Location: Austin Additional Locations: Scottsdale, Timonium