Do you have a passion for developing leading edge technologies, working with customers and other technical leaders across Microsoft driving what could be, not what has been? We’d love to explore an opportunity with you! The Chief Technology Office (CTO) for Worldwide Services at Microsoft’s headquarters in Redmond, WA is looking for a savvy business & technology professional to join our team as an Architect. If you think of yourself as a cross-disciplined professional, with years of proven capability and experience, a broad thinking, technical strategist, results-driven program manager, and depth-disciplined architect in the business solutions space with an entrepreneur-based mindset, this could your next great career adventure! The mission of the Chief Technology Office is to lead technical strategy by innovating with our customers, fostering our global knowledge, and inspiring our people. This team is passionate about discovering new opportunity for innovation and enabling the transformation of the technical workforce. You will help identify and prioritize which initiatives we create programs around and then partner with a virtual team involving Engineering/Research, the field and HQ to build technical strategies, provide early insights, prototypes, and validate new approaches through strategic customer engagements. The team partners closely with our engineering and research teams along with key strategic customers to explore innovation in the context of real world customers to then help inform future Services and Engineering strategy. You will work closely with Product Engineering, Research, CTOs and Chief Architects around the world to discover, analyze, and incubate emerging industry trends and investment opportunities to translate these insights into tangible and actionable plans. Responsibilities The main responsibilities include: Engage with Product Engineering and Research teams to build a preliminary technical, business, and customer engagement strategy for assigned initiatives. Build and run a virtual team - composed of leaders from each delivery domain – that scopes and delivers an Early Access Program, which drives the first few customer engagements for an initiative. Scale the learnings from your Early Access Program by working with appropriate readiness, offerings, and delivery organizations including partners. Provide a feedback loop back to engineering teams to help improve products. As a member of the Chief Technology Office, you will have the opportunity to create and drive the future of professional services working with large customers across the world and to explore new opportunities for Microsoft Enterprise Services. We expect you to be an innovative thinker, who embraces & inspires others to drive what could be, not what has been. You will have the chance to work closely with field leaders, innovative teams, and progressive customers as Microsoft continues to look for the next big opportunity to change the world. Qualifications 8+ years of architecture or design experience delivering successful technical solutions for enterprise-level business outcomes Proven track record of successful experience working with customers in an Architect and/or Delivery Management role with both technical and overarching business contexts Proven ability to quickly create prototypes (with others) around emerging customer scenarios and to bring new concepts to life rapidly Domain knowledge in mega trend areas, in conjunction with business solutions: artificial intelligence, cloud computing, data platform, and/or emerging immersive experience technologies, e.g. Mixed Reality, Cognitive Services, Natural Language, etc. Strong, real world experience working with large enterprise organizations to drive business requirements to technical strategy Entrepreneurial approach, self-starter and proven track record around ambiguous situations working within a startup environment or as a large corporation Intrapreneur Comfortable with leading customer workshops with senior business stakeholders, providing clear vision and addressing challenging pre-conceptions either internally or with customers Proven experience providing leadership through others & making others great through mentoring & coaching Proven experience of leading virtual and/or matrixed teams (not direct reports) to deliver results Ability to communicate effectively in writing, with models and graphical representations to clearly articulate proposed scenarios and plans Microsoft Digital, Services, and Success With 23,200+ employees globally, Microsoft Digital, Services, and Success is one of the company’s largest groups, serving customers in 191 countries and 46 languages. Simply put, we help customers and partners get the most out of their technology investments by delivering their voices back to our business groups to make our technology even better—and by accelerating their transformation journeys to become digital businesses. For more information, visit www.aka.ms/LearnAboutDigitalTransformation. Join us and be one who empowers billions! That’s incredible reach. When you combine that with your own inspiration, plus the freedom and support to make your ideas happen, you can make a huge impact on how people work and live all over the world. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. WWDSS