Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Overview The Internet Marketing Technology (IMT) department partners with Internet Marketing and other departments to deliver innovative technology solutions focused on Allstate enterprise-wide web metrics and analytics support for Allstate web sites and mobile apps. DIGITAL DATA ANALYST I As a Digital Data Analyst in the website and mobile analytics space you will be responsible for creating reports and basic analysis of data generated from website and mobile analytics systems. As such you will review data capture instructions, conduct cross-platform data analyses of analytics data and produce basic reports and dashboards to provide insights into website and app activity and opportunities. You will also be responsible for following strategies, reporting and analysis, participate in investigations to resolve data quality questions, and conduct initial analysis efforts to provide insights into user behavior and recommend ways to optimize website and app design for improved user experiences. Job Description This Digital Data Analyst will collaborate with other members of a global team across the enterprise, such as developers, business analysts, quality assurance, production support, architects and product owners, to ensure the performance, availability, and consistency of analytics data throughout digital applications. Key responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Data Acquisition: Utilize data from across the enterprise, as is feasible to provide a unified view of the customer experience Work with senior analysts to understand defects in collection across multiple data sources Access data in accordance with governance standards Communicate data collection issues and report availability issues to team members, leadership and business partners Reporting: Access databases (e.g., SQL or Hadoop ecosystem) for basic analysis and reporting Develop and validate reports using data from digital analytics repositories Provide basic business summaries of reports including observations, variances and recommendations Assist in developing estimates for reports and analysis projects and deliverables Guide users in accessing and interpreting standard data, reports and dashboards Analysis: Participate in project-related and ad-hoc data analyses – including Deep-Dive analyses Conducting descriptive and inferential statistical analyses Follow the data analysis patterns of the team data analysis model Development: Continue to develop skills in analytics tools and processes to describe the user experience and identify opportunities to improve digital assets Follow best practice technical solutions Participate in user training and knowledge sharing Keep up-to-date on the latest digital analytics trends, best practices and products Job Qualifications College degree preferred with major in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Statistics. Technical proficiency Exposure to analytics tools such as Adobe Analytics (SiteCatalyst) and Google Analytics and related reporting tools such as Report Builder and Adobe Analytics Workspace Experience using Excel and Tableau for data analysis and reporting Exposure to data analysis environments such as R, SAS, SPSS, and Python for advanced data analysis Experience in using Unix command environment Exposure in using SQL and/or Hadoop ecosystem Skill in troubleshooting basic data issues, data processing flows and customer feedback data integrations Able to communicate technical concepts in simple terms Able to learn new domains and concepts quickly Able to work independently and implement solutions in a timely manner with high quality. Able to read and understand technical documents Possesses excellent written and verbal communication skills Able to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment Possesses excellent project and time management skills Able to work well with others on diverse projects in a collaborative team environment The successful candidate should also exhibit the following skills and abilities: Business Requirements Definition — Mastery of business requirements definition in practical applications of a difficult nature. Possesses the knowledge, training, and/or experience to deliver Business Requirements Definitions without the support/instruction from others. Knowledge — Understands customers’ business operations beyond single issues that drive a project and has worked closely with knowledgeable users to meet their business needs. Business Analysis — Capable of converting discrete data and basic business concepts and turn them into meaningful information which contributes to successful assignments completion. Change Management — Fundamental proficiency to successfully demonstrate change management processes in practical applications of moderate difficulty. Facilitation — Basic proficiency to facilitate meetings and processes where the subject is moderately complex. The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.