System Administrator SFO \- 17700000161 Summary Tetra Tech is a leading provider of consulting, engineering, and technical services worldwide. Our reputation rests on the technical expertise and dedication of our employees—18,000 people working together across disciplines and time zones to provide smart, sustainable solutions for challenging projects. We are proud to be home to leading technical experts in water, environment, infrastructure, resource management, energy, and international development. Tetra Tech combines the resources of a global, multibillion dollar company with local, client-focused delivery in 400 locations around the world. We offer competitive compensation and benefits and are searching for innovative people to join our teams. Tetra Tech is currently seeking a System Administrator for our corporate headquarters in San Francisco, CA, Bay Area. We currently have an opportunity for a System Administrator in the San Francisco, California office with 2-5 years’ experience. An individual with thorough knowledge of Server operations, NTFS file permissions, Server trouble shooting, Server Hardware, Server Software/operating systems and basic network topology. The ideal candidate will also have great troubleshooting abilities and attention to detail. Flexible schedule to travel both by vehicle and airplane. Be able to occasionally lift equipment ranging from 25-50lbs. Visit local region offices as needed for support and projects (minimum quarterly visits). Total user count in these offices is around 300 people. In addition to server admin duties, individual will be expected to assist and spend up to 50% of their time supporting the central California, while performing regional tech/helpdesk support, including managing ticket assignments, ticket flow, and ticket escalations for this region in accordance with established service level agreements. Troubleshooting technical issues for desktop/laptop/software issues, proven knowledge of Windows 7 and 10 operating systems, be able to follow detailed installation documents for software installation, and have excellent customer service skills with the ability to assist users over the phone. Qualifications Requirements Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science preferred or three years work experience in related field with certifications. Related experience and training in troubleshooting and providing help desk support Related experience in NTFS file permissions, Server trouble shooting, Server Hardware, Server Software/operating systems and basic network topology. Knowledge of relevant call tracking applications and experience of customer service practices Working knowledge of fundamental operations of relevant software, hardware and other equipment. Knowledge of relevant call tracking applications and experience of customer service practices. Related experience and training in troubleshooting and providing help desk support Good understanding of computer systems, mobile devices and other tech products Ability to diagnose and resolve basic technical issues Proficiency in English Excellent communication skills Customer-oriented and cool-tempered BSc/BA in IT, Computer Science or relevant field For more information on our company, please visit our website at www.tetratech.com EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability Tetra Tech is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We invite resumes from all interested partiesincluding women, minorities, veterans and persons with disabilities. We thank all applicants for their interest; however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Job Systems Primary Location United States-CA-US-San Francisco Organization 177 TES Schedule Full-time Job Posting Aug 2, 2018, 12:53:57 PM Job Closing Date Ongoing