As a member of our Infrastructure Development team, you’ll immediately put your love of technology into action. Each day, you and your team will be responsible for making sure our platforms, servers and networks are online and secure. You’ll work together, evaluating, selecting, implementing, integrating, maintaining, upgrading, documenting and designing our infrastructure. You’ll find new and creative solutions to troubleshoot and resolve issues. Communication is key, both in problem solving with your supervisors and collaborating with your coworkers, as well as other teams in the network. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: Ability to articulate and share clear, concise complex technical findings to management in understandable terms Maintains proficiency in these key areas: Hardware Architecture (performance testing, monitoring, operations) Hardware Benchmarking (Agile, program managements, network management) Design (compliance, security) Network Engineering (planning, provision) 3+ years of infrastructure engineering with experience on Linux, x86 hardware, networking and storage technologies Experience with automating tasks and writing tools in a scripting programming language such as Python, Java, etc Experience of incident resolution in an large scale operations environment Experience working with a configuration management tool (i.e. Ansible, Puppet, Chef, SaltStack) Experience working with a version control tool (i.e. Bitbucket, Github) Experience working with an automation server (i.e. Jenkins) Experience working with Framework Integration Our Global Technology Infrastructure Group is filled with innovators who love technology as much as you do. Together, you’ll use a disciplined, innovative and cost-effective approach to deliver a wide variety of high-quality products and services. You’ll work in a stable, resilient and secure operating environment where you—and the products you deliver—will thrive. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you.