Overview The Event Ops Coordinator is the initial point of contact for the Events Services team. This person is responsible for triaging and assigning all incoming Event Services request tasks, as well as maintaining the AV-Events calendar. Beyond event management, this scheduler is also responsible for educating the client of the services Event Operations provides. Because of the fast-paced multi-region support, constantly changing environment, some weekend and evening work (done remotely) may be required to ensure the schedules are always up-to-date. Responsibilities Assess each service request received, creates tasks, and triages task to appropriate people via Events Services tool. Follows up with internal clients for specific information on request, when necessary. Follows up with assigned team members to communicate specific aspects of the task assigned. Ensures that a balanced workload is triaged among technical staff, and notifies technicians of high priority tasks. Manages client expectations and effectively communicates the Event Operations team’s level of support. Educates users and clients on services that Event Operations provides. Educates and coaches clients on general Audio/Video capabilities across rooms on campus (BlueJeans video conferencing, projection, audio, etc.) Populates all newly created events on the shared AV-Events calendar in Outlook, iCal and other cloud-based calendaring apps. Collaborate with technical team leads in staffing support for events and manages all entries and updates on the technicians’ calendars. Maintains departmental workflow procedures and standard operating procedures. Works with Facilities team to reserve appropriate rooms/production spaces, when necessary. Provides additional Event Coordinator support/backfill when requested. Works with “flex labor” vendors to meet event and customer expectations and needs. Qualifications 2+ years of experience with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel) and Outlook. 1 year experience with event management systems and calendaring applications preferred. Exceptional professionalism and customer-service skills. The desire and ability to have an impactful conversation with users about their support needs and requirements. Excellent task management, verbal & written communication skills, combined with relentless follow-up. Enjoys working in a team-oriented environment and is highly motivated and communicative. Independent critical and creative thinking. Bold problem solving. Extremely attentive to details and organized. Must be comfortable working in a fast-paced and demanding environment.