IT Generalist 1 / Field Service-180030274 At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. U.S. Bank is seeking a resourceful IT Generalist with installation and desktop support experience to contribute toward the success of our technology initiatives. Provides support for selected IT related activities (applications to infrastructure) in a learning mode under the direction of more senior staff. At the guidance and direction of technical leadership, participates in the installation and maintenance of selected hardware and software with increasing scope and complexity over time. Performs moves, changes, enhancements, and corrections to office layout for PC's, printers, and other hardware. Provides technical support for workstations, peripherals, and office applications at the direction of technical leadership and project managers. Learns the operational processes and supporting project methodologies to be able to participate in projects. Successful applicants will exemplify US Bank's ethical principles of uncompromising integrity, respect for others, accountability for decisions and actions, and good citizenship. Qualifications Basic Qualifications High School diploma or equivalent At least 1 year experience within a total Information Technology (IT) environment. Required Qualifications Experience in providing technical support in diagnosing, troubleshooting, and resolving complex problems, questions, and inquiries from wide range of customer. Strong desktop troubleshooting skills required within a wide variety of operating systems, devices and software. Strong knowledge of Microsoft office products including office 365, mobile apps, remote access tools, Collaboration tools. Knowledge of SCCM a plus Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, willingness and ability to learn new technologies quickly. Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment. Position does require some afterhours and weekend work, as well as on-call rotation. Preferred Skills/Experience Basic understanding in: Performance measures and tuning Release management IT quality assurance Working experience in: Software distribution IT standards, procedures, policy Telecommunications IT environment System and technical integration Technical/financial knowledge Technical troubleshooting Software licensing Extensive experience in: Implementation Job Information Technology Primary Location Minnesota-MN-Minneapolis Shift 1st - Daytime Travel Yes, 5 % of the Time Average Hours Per Week 40