ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS Composes, edits, and types correspondence, memoranda, reports, charts, and other documents using various word and data processing software. Compiles data and statistics to complete various reports. Receives, reviews, date stamps, prioritizes, and distributes incoming mail to appropriate personnel. Screens telephone calls and visitors; provides information in response to internal and external requests. Maintains appointment calendars; coordinates meeting and travel schedules; makes travel arrangements as needed. Performs various administrative tasks. May provide administrative support for Council appointed Boards or Commissions. Establishes and maintains departmental files; processes purchasing, personnel, and payroll related documents. Researches and compiles data for budgets; assists with budget processing and monitoring; orders office supplies; reconciles expenditures. Prepares and processes resolutions, ordinances, and agenda items for City Council meetings. Performs other duties as assigned. KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS: Knowledge of: Office practices, procedures, equipment, and software, including word processing, spreadsheet and other software applications; rules of grammar; practices of document preparation; applicable laws or ordinances; department policies and procedures. Skill in: Communicating clearly both verbally and in writing; completing basic mathematical calculations; operating a computer and standard software; establishing and maintaining effective working relationship; completing multiple tasks simultaneously. Depending on area of assignment, preference may be given to candidate who are bilingual in English and Spanish. EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: Education: High school diploma or GED equivalent. Experience: Three (3) years of progressively responsible clerical or administrative support experience. Any work related experience resulting in acceptable proficiency levels in the above Minimum Qualifications is an acceptable substitute for the above specified education and experience requirements LICENSES AND CERTIFICATIONS: None. State of Texas Notary Public preferred depending on area of assignment. PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS: This is primarily an office classification although standing in work areas and walking between work areas may be required. Finger dexterity is needed to access, enter, and retrieve data using a computer keyboard or calculator and to operate standard office equipment; vision to read printed materials and a computer screen; hearing and speech to communicate in person and over the telephone. Positions in this classification occasionally bend, stoop, kneel, reach, push, and pull drawers open and closed to retrieve and file information. Employees may be required to lift, carry, push, and pull materials and objects weighing up to 25 pounds. Employees work in an office environment with moderate noise levels, controlled temperature conditions, and no direct exposure to hazardous physical substances. Employees may interact with upset staff and/or public and private representatives in interpreting and enforcing departmental policies and procedures. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed and are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills which may be required. The position also requires meeting the essential requirements of the Physical Demands and Working Conditions, with or without reasonable accommodation.