Qualifications Required Qualifications: High School Diploma/GED plus four (4) years of related office and administrative experience. (Training/education may be substituted for up to two (2) years of experience.) Electronic calendaring and scheduling experience. High level proficiency in using Google applications (to include Forms, Meet, Docs, Sheets, Calendar, etc.). Proficiency in word processing and database software (e.g., Microsoft Word, Access) Previous experience with general course scheduling and/or HR policies and procedures. Experience leading projects. Event planning experience. Preferred Qualifications: Four or more years of relevant office service experience. Experience and knowledge of payroll and HR laws and policies Excellent written communications skills. Commitment to diversity in the workplace. Experience in an academic environment, working with faculty. Familiarity with research grant proposal processes. Familiarity with alumni and donor relations. Experience with A/V technology set-up for remote meeting connections, presentations, seminars, events, etc. Competency in PeopleSoft and other UMN relevant software. Ability to work independently and as part of a team. Experience with I-9 management and processing Experience with executing the hiring process and payroll review related to undergraduate and Temp/Casual employees Strong interpersonal skills. Excellent organizational skills. Attention to detail, honesty and integrity, enthusiasm, reliability, and adaptability. About the Job Position Overview: Primary responsibilities of this position include supporting day to day administrative activities of the Department, developing/coordinating/implementing strategic initiatives that further the Department's mission, supporting research and outreach activities of the Stakman-Borlaug Center for Sustainable Plant Health, and working as part of a team to develop and implement innovative and effective goal-oriented special projects. Our ideal candidate is: enthusiastic about and committed to supporting the advancement of science that enhances food security and promotes environmental health; committed to diversity and inclusion; a creative problem-solver who sees opportunity where others see barriers, who embraces challenge, and who thrives on learning and personal growth; passionate about contributing as an individual and as part of a team to the tripartite land-grant mission of the University of Minnesota: education, research, outreach/extension. Position is 90% time, 36 hours/week, with benefits and is represented by a bargaining unit: AFSCME Clerical. Dues or Fair Share deductions may be made. Hourly Salary Range: $16.18 - $27.21 Major Areas of Accountability: Support of the Plant Pathology Head (30%) Duties will include working with Department Head to develop and enable strategic initiatives and other improvement activities that further the Department's teaching, research, Extension, and outreach mission. Other activities will include, but are not limited to, planning and coordinating Departmental events, managing Head's calendar and scheduling meetings (sometimes with multiple participants, requiring travel arrangements, and/or remote connections), facilitating annual review of faculty and Departmental employees, coordinating annual Promotion and Tenure processes, coordinating Departmental committee assignments, etc. Other duties consistent with the Department's mission may be assigned by the Department Head. Support of Plant Pathology Faculty and Associate Administrator (30%) Provide administrative support to faculty and back-up and administrative support to the Associate Administrator on an as-needed basis. Activities will include but will not be limited to assistance with preparation of dossiers for Promotion and Tenure, assistance with preparation of course materials, full responsibility for course scheduling, support of faculty-led initiatives and events, support of standing committee leadership, coordinating and contributing to clerical and other day-to-day functions of the Departmental office, management of part-time student office worker(s), serving as the first point of contact for Department visitors, etc. Other duties will be assigned by the Head of Plant Pathology and the Associate Administrator of Plant Pathology. Administrative support of Stakman-Borlaug Center (20%) Meeting ongoing administrative needs of the Stakman-Borlaug Center for Sustainable Plant Health (SBC) in coordination with Center leadership. Activities will include but will not be limited to planning and coordinating SBC events (e.g., symposia, workshops, galas, etc.), providing administrative support of SBC research projects, supporting research proposal preparation, communicating with SBC membership concerning research grant and training opportunities, etc. Other duties will be assigned by the Head of Plant Pathology and other members of the SBC Leadership Team. Special Projects Coordinator (20%) On an ad hoc basis and in partnership with the Head, Faculty, and Administrative Staff of the Department of Plant Pathology, develop, lead, and/or contribute to goal-driven special projects that further the Department's mission. Examples of activities may include large-scale event planning, development of novel communications vehicles aimed at expanding the visibility of Plant Pathology research and teaching, developing or expanding alumni and donor outreach activities, or developing strategies for enhanced student enrollment in Plant Pathology courses. In this capacity, the employee in this position will work closely with other team members both inside (e.g., Departmental Administrator, members of Departmental standing committees, Communications and Relations Coordinator, Graduate Program Coordinator, etc.) and outside (e.g., CFANS and University Offices of Communications, Alumni Relations, Development, Diversity and Inclusion, etc.) of the Department. Job responsibilities in this category will be tailored to the successful candidate's strengths and interests. This aspect of this position, in particular, offers significant opportunity for additional training and professional growth. About the Department While the field of plant pathology continues to evolve, the goals of the Department of Plant Pathology at the University of Minnesota remain the same: Solving today's complex plant health problems through cutting-edge research. Providing sound plant health advice to stakeholders throughout Minnesota and around the globe. Educating the next generation of plant health professionals and change-makers through a modern and broad plant pathology curriculum. For more information, please visit our webpage at plpa.cfans.umn.edu How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will have the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Position will be open for applications through 8/19/18. Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.