Performs complex (journey-level) data analysis and data visualization assignments for the Office of Performance in support of the Health and Human Services (HHS) performance management system; developed for the purpose of providing the Executive Commissioner with information necessary to effectively govern the HHS system and determine whether agencies are accomplishing their missions. Work involves conducting detailed analysis of data sets, including monitoring and ensuring data quality, loading data into databases from a variety of source formats, and automating data feeds to be used as input to performance dashboards and reports. Develops and delivers performance management solutions including the creation of dashboards and reports for large and complex agency programs. Mentors internal staff and trains others. Works under general supervision, with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned. Essential Job Functions: • (30%) Designs, develops, and maintains performance dashboards and reports utilizing data visualization tools. • (15%) Compiles, queries, and loads data using SQL and other query languages, into databases from a variety of source formats. • (15%) Provides data integrity by identifying data gaps, errors, anomalies, inconsistencies, and redundancies in the content, structure, and relationships within data; cleans and prepares data, as necessary. • (10%) Consults with performance analysts, program staff, and vendors to understand the business requirements that drive the analysis and design of performance dashboards and reporting solutions. • (10%) Collaborates with performance analysts to analyze and interpret data patterns, to understand correlations between data sets, to gauge progress toward targets, and to provide recommendations. • (5%) Actively contributes to the continuous improvement of department processes through ongoing initiatives including: solutions to automate, building efficiencies, and maintaining consistency across multiple dashboards. • (5%) May assist with preparing and conducting presentations of performance dashboards and reports. • (5%) May drive the selection of data visualization tools, the development of standards, usage guidelines, and procedures for those tools; and assist with data visualization tool system administration monitoring and upgrades. • (5%) May train others and serves as subject matter expert on data integrity processes, data visualization tool usage, new techniques in data processing and analytics, and best practices; provides support for data visualization tool related questions, requests, and issues. Knowledge Skills Abilities: • Knowledge of performance management and continuous quality improvement processes. • Knowledge of relational databases and database design. • Skill in data visualization development, including data model creation, advanced calculations, and interactive dashboards. • Skill in performing queries, extracting and joining data, and loading data using SQL and/or other query languages. • Skill in working with streaming data and unstructured data from multiple data sources. • Skill in creating graphical user interfaces, mockups, prototypes, and design documents. • Skill in critical thinking and problem solving. • Skill in optimizing the user experience. • Ability to translate complex data into user-friendly information. • Ability to identify problems, evaluate alternatives, and implement effective solutions. • Ability to implement and use new technology and work processes to enhance decision- making. • Ability to build, establish, and maintain effective working relationships and coalitions. Registration or Licensure Requirements: None. Initial Selection Criteria: Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university. Three or more years’ experience developing in data visualization tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, or Qlik. Three or more years’ experience performing queries, extracting, cleaning, and loading business or program performance data from a variety of source formats. Demonstrated experience in expressing performance management, technical and business concepts and conclusions orally and in writing. Demonstrated success through past projects. Experience may be substituted for educational requirement on a year-for-year basis. Data visualization tool certification, a plus. Additional Information: Requisition 381827 Note: There may be no military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.