The Company Hitachi Vantara combines technology, intellectual property, and industry knowledge to deliver data-managing solutions that help enterprises improve their customers’ experiences, develop new revenue streams, and lower the costs of business. Hitachi Vantara elevates your innovation advantage by combining IT, operational technology (OT) and domain expertise. Join our team and our employee-focused culture and help drive our customers’ data to meaningful customer outcomes. The Role The Corporate Investment Analyst will be a key member of the Corporate FP &A; Team, responsible for working with the Program Management Integration (PMI) organization and the Hitachi Vantara Treasury Team to evaluate and analyze potential investment opportunities. This analysis is the basis for numerous operational decisions across the company, with a variety of key consumers with varying objectives. This is a highly visible role for an energetic individual who can function in a dynamic, fast-paced environment and who has excellent communication skills. This position reports to the Sr. Director, Corporate FP&A.; Responsibilities Prepare executive-level financial reporting, summarizing findings, risks, opportunities and recommendations Clearly communicate results and recommendations to senior and executive management Coordinate EIM portfolio reviews Provide structure and guidelines for developing investments Assist with the analysis of prospective investments, including feasibility analysis and valuation Design and development of automated reporting, visualization and planning tools for both Capital Expenditures and the Enterprise Investment Management Committee Provide financial planning & management of operating expenses, capital, headcount and project spending for the Program Management and Integration (PMI) Team Participate in other finance special projects as needed. Integration efforts on M&A; activities Qualifications 5 - 8 years of experience in finance or business analytics Creative problem-solving skills, ability to prioritize and work independently Comfortable with ambiguous problems and independently developing solutions Strong organizational skills Strong overall communications, presentation skills Expert with Microsoft Office (including Excel and PowerPoint) and Think Cell charting software Expert with Business Intelligence and visualization tools, i.e. Microsoft Power BI, Oracle Analytics and Reporting Integrated Enterprise System (ARIES) Demonstrated understanding of investment analysis techniques including NPV, IRR and DCF. We are an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.