Serves as a member of the Beacon IT Senior Leadership Team to develop and implement an overall enterprise technology strategy. Aligns technology assets (architecture) and strategies to effectively enable the business strategy and operational goals of the organization. Develops and maintains a corporate enterprise architecture (identifies, owns and maintains the total cost of owner (TCO) of Beacon’s architecture). Provide application solution design assistance to other IT teams, Product Strategy and ensure all IT initiatives are adhering to defined architecture direction and standards Conducts research to improve the technological assets of a company. As part of the overall corporate enterprise architecture, defines and manages the companies Information Management and Data Architecture. Develops and oversees the next generation of technology to support data analytics, data mining, reporting, report distribution and business intelligence Oversees and engages in vendor management for all technology products and services. Strong relationship and financial management. Plans and implements technology usage policies for the corporation. Evaluates new technology and makes recommendations on technological solutions. Makes presentations to a wide variety of Beacon leaders, clients, vendors and associates on technology strategies, standards and plans. Develops and maintains an inventory and associated roadmap for all technology and vendor assets. Identifies competitive advantages and technological trends for the benefit of a company. Creates and manages a Technology Governance model and associated capabilities. Creates and manages a Data Governance model and associated capabilities. Provide technical and business guidance and direction to various teams and business units across the enterprise Continually evaluate existing platforms, applications and database assets for both business fit and technology currency, making recommendations on needed changes, updates, or retirement of IT assets. Work in a collaborative environment that utilizes transparency and positive communication with integrity and respect Provide due diligence on all potential acquisitions to ensure return on investment, integration of architecture and aligns to current and future platforms. Supervisory Responsibilities: If direct report positions are listed below, the following responsibilities will be performed in accordance with guidelines, policies and procedures and applicable laws. Supervisory responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and training employees; planning, assigning and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems. Direct Reports and team members will include Leaders responsible for Enterprise Architecture, Vendor Management, BI and Enterprise Data Warehouse, Technology/System Integration Services, and Client Data Services Formulate and participate in IT governance activities Research and develop emerging technologies through a Technology Innovation Lab, aligned with the multi-year technology roadmap and Beacon’s product strategy. Position Requirements: Education: BS in IT Services, Business Management, Business Administration, Project Management, or other applicable degree, Master’s in Computer Engineer or Information Systems preferred or MBA Relevant Work Experience: 15+ years’ experience in IT senior leadership and technology management 10+ years practical experience defining multi-year enterprise level technology roadmaps and strategies 10+ years of practical experience developing and maintaining an enterprise architecture, implementing enterprise system solutions and managing data management, analysis and business intelligence Experience with Executive and/or Board level communications, presentations, and education Significant experience in the development and justification of multi-year technology strategies, roadmaps and modernization plans which are aligned to business goals and strategies Significant experience with the definition of IT Service offerings, supporting SLAs and metrics, and ITIL standards Substantial experience in both program/project management and solution development life-cycles, including AGILE development methodologies, processes and practices. Strong application architecture and process discipline with experience in defining enterprise wide business, technology and data architectures. Significant experience leveraging strong technical, analytical, problem-solving and conceptual skills within Information Technology disciplines such as software engineering, design and development, package solution evaluation/selection and implementation, application integration, business process re-engineering, outsourcing, IT governance, application architecture, security and disaster recovery planning Demonstrated, hands-on leadership in the development and institutionalization of contemporary enterprise technology architectures such as Mobile, Web, ERP/MRP, EAI, Identity Management, Portals, Business Intelligence and Cloud Computing Proven experience and expertise in successfully delivering enterprise integration solutions Exceptional organizational and planning skills, analytical abilities, problem solving, and follow through Ability to quickly assess and resolve conflicts and complaints and provide appropriate follow-up Commitment to excellence in service, performance, and execution Ability to develop strong working relationships with business leaders at all levels Demonstrated executive leadership with proven ability to manage, grow and develop strong IT teams and individuals Exceptional project planning & management skills; experience in organizing, planning, and executing significant projects from vision through implementation leveraging structured systems development and project management methodologies Excellent written, presentation and verbal communication skills with technical and non-technical audiences; ability to present and discuss technical information in a way that establishes rapport, persuades others, and promotes understanding by not overcomplicating To Apply: Click below on “Apply for this Position” to create a profile and apply for the position Beacon Health Options is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer as well as a Drug Free and Tobacco Free Work Environment. EOE/AA/M/F/Veterans/Disable