Shift: Full time, Days Reporting to the I.T. Technical Services Manager provides primary day to day support and administration for systems running Microsoft Windows Server, VMware ESXi, Citrix, UNIX or Linux Operating Systems. Provides secondary level support for systems running other Operating Systems, as assigned. These systems host software applications that are critical components in the delivery of patient care across the continuum. Responsible meeting the goals set in Information Management and Technology (IMT) Infrastructure Support Service Level Agreements. 1\. Develops procedures and performs maintenance activities to monitor disk usage, processor utilization, application response time; identifies areas requiring follow up; takes corrective action as necessary. 2\. Develops procedures to keep system up and running; recovers system from hardware and software failures; provides hardware and operating system support for Applications, Operations, Help Desk, and Desk Top staff. 3\. Conducts detailed systems analysis; recommends solutions to improve performance or solve problems; installs hardware components. 4\. Maintains and upgrades operating systems to the current supported level; coordinates downtime for maintenance activities and system upgrades with users and help desk to minimize disruption of business operations. 5\. Actively participates in selection and installation of new systems, upgrades, and enhancements; educates users on changes; recommends alternate solutions as necessary and orders hardware/software. 6\. Maintains all documentation related to hardware, system software and common procedures to be carried out by operations and/or help desk personnel, relative to assigned systems. 7\. Analyzes system specific security requirements for supported systems. Creates and maintains a procedure manual for security process for each layer of the system; documents step by step procedures to create and maintain each type of system specific security; includes new systems as they are added to the network. May maintain systems for employee and physician data security records; adds new records, updates existing records, and ‘terminates’ inactive records. 8\. Adheres to all Northwest Community Hospital standards, policies and procedures. Qualifications 1\. Experience in installing and supporting Microsoft SQL Server, Exchange, Internet Information Server (IIS), Active Directory, DHCP &DNS; Servers, Citrix XenApp, and Citrix XenDesktop preferred. 2\. Experience in supporting a campus wide WAN/LAN environment constituting mainframes and servers via backbone connectivity utilizing various network protocols preferred. 3\. Knowledge of Solarwinds or other server/network monitoring software and wireless communications preferred. 4\. Knowledge and understanding of technical specifications of the hardware components and features of the operating systems of assigned systems. 5\. Ability necessary to analyze systems, to devise internal controls and to prepare hardware and software installation plans. 6\. Ability to work with minimal supervision. 7\. Interpersonal skills necessary to interface effectively with users, vendors, external agencies and other employees of the hospital. 8\. Verbal and written communication skills necessary to effectively communicate system issues with users, vendors and other employees of the hospital. 9\. Must be prepared to work long hours during crisis situations and be available for technical assistance during off hours. NCH at a glance Northwest Community Healthcare (NCH) is known for compassionate care and its convenient location. But it's our advanced technologies, clinical expertise and state-of-the-art facilities that offer the latest treatments and assure the care, comfort and safety of our patients and the community. NCH offers: A 489-bed hospital, including 200 private rooms in the South Pavilion Four Immediate Care Centers, located in Buffalo Grove, Lake Zurich, Mount Prospect and Schaumburg Seven accessible outpatient imaging locations that provide advanced imaging technology The Day Surgery Center, a same-day outpatient surgery center Annually, NCH treats an average of 24,000 inpatients and conducts: 337,000 outpatient visits 43,000 home care visits 3,100 newborn deliveries Approximately 18,000 inpatient and outpatient surgical cases, ranging from open heart surgery and joint replacement to neurosurgery and minimally invasive procedures Awards NCH provides our patients and community with safe, high quality care - and it shows. Here are a few of the many awards and designations we've recently achieved: Magnet® Recognition for Nursing Excellence (The American Nurses Credentialing Center awards Magnet status to hospitals that exhibit exemplary patient outcomes and satisfaction, have impressive nurse-to-patient ratios, and attract and retain the best nursing staff.) Healthgrades Patient Safety Excellence Award The Joint Commission Gold Seal of Approval 2016 American Heart Association and the American Stroke Association "Get with the Guidelines Stroke Gold Plus Quality Achievement Award" We are 4,000 employees including nurses, allied health professionals, administrative and support personnel More than 1,000 physicians with offices throughout the northwest suburbs NCH Medical Group, an employed physician group focusing on primary and specialty care Approximately 800 volunteers providing more than 100,000 hours of service annually Primary Location : United States-Illinois-Arlington Heights Work Locations : Northwest Community Hospital 800 W Central Rd Arlington Heights 60005 Job : Professional/Technical Shift : Day Job Employee Status : Regular