The Bureau of Information Systems and Technology provides a full range of technology support services for key business functions and Charter mandated responsibilities of the Comptroller?s Office. These service include: technology strategic planning, web site development, graphic design, disaster recovery, systems development, network administration, audio/visual services, business process re-engineering, change management, program management, security administration, help desk, computer operations, telecommunications, and document management.Under the direction of the Executive Director for Application Development, the Database Developer is responsible for developing and maintaining databases across the Office. S/He will also be involved in the planning and development of the databases as well as troubleshooting any issues. Job duties and responsibilities of the position include, but are not limited to, the following: ? Developing SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages for ETL and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) for report generation;? Designing and deploying data table structures, forms, reports, and queries;? Controlling access permissions and privileges;? Developing, managing and testing back-up and recovery plans;? Developing and maintaining the database stored procedures, views and functions for hosted web applications;? Modifying the database structure, as necessary, from information given by application developers;? Producing ad-hoc queries and developing reports to support business needs;? Creating and maintaining technical documentation;? Implementing data dashboards to display data in differing formats;? Performing other related functions and special projects as may be required. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A master's degree in computer science from an accredited college and three years of progressively more responsible, full-time, satisfactory experience using information technology in computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, database administration, planning of data/information processing, user services, or area networks at least 18 months of this experience must have been in an administrative, managerial or executive capacity in the areas of computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, data base administration, or planning of data processing or in the supervision of staff performing these duties; or 2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of experience as described in "1" above; or 3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and six years of experience as described in "1" above; or 4. A satisfactory combination of education and experience equivalent to "1", "2" or "3" above. However, all candidates must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and must possess at least three years of experience as described in "1" above, including the 18 months of administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory experience as described in "1" above. Qualification Requirements (continued) NOTE: The following types of experience are not acceptable: superficial use of preprogrammed software without complex programming, design, implementation or management of the product; use of word processing packages; use of a hand held calculator; primarily the entering or updating of data in a system; the operation of data processing hardware or consoles. Preferred Skills ? Clearly demonstrated experience as a Database Developer/Administrator working in a team environment;? 1-2 years of experience serving as Database Developer/Administrator of MS SQL Server environment (2008 and higher) strongly preferred;? Strong in SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) for ETL and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) for report generation;? Experience in Data Modeling, Database design and well versed with SQL Server best practices;? Experience creating and maintaining an extraction, transformation and loading process from source systems or files to a database;? Ability to extract data (manually and automated) according to specified requirements, business logic and output format;? Strong communication skills required;? Ability to plan, organize, and work on multiple tasks simultaneously. Additional Information Certain residency requirements may apply. We appreciate every applicant?s interest; however, only those under consideration will be contacted.Note: Vacancy notices listed as ?Until Filled? will be posted for at least five work days. To Apply Please click on the "APPLY NOW" button. Residency Requirement New York City Residency is not required for this position