Requisition ID: 41893 All Locations: El Segundo, CA (California) A trusted partner. A national resource. A leader in national security space. We are THE Aerospace Corporation. A team that takes pride in our readiness to solve some of the most complex technical challenges in existence. With challenges spanning government to commercial, you’ll have the unique opportunity to work on projects that are literally evolving our nation's space and launch capabilities. We all share a common passion and aspiration – to serve a mission much bigger than ourselves. When you join our team, you’ll be part of a rare collection of thought leaders and game-changing innovators. Are you ready to launch your career? Responsibilities Aerospace’s Visualization and Immersive Technologies Department (VITD) is seeking a Full Stack Web Developer with experience designing interactive websites, multi-user tools, mobile applications, games or environments. This department develops a wide variety of software tools such as visualization applications using commercial UI frameworks and web platforms to support civil, commercial, and national security space systems. VITD is a cutting edge, agile, and collaborative team that works with organizations seeking solutions for detailed visualization applications such as Orbit Analysis tools, Big Data Visualization, Collaborative Project Management, Virtual Reality & Augmented Reality experiences, and Web 2.0 interactive platforms. The Full Stack Web Developer should have experience with one or more web programming languages which could include JavaScript, PHP, Bootstrap, Node.JS, and one or more back-end languages such as SQL or MongoDB or other applicable Full-Stack development languages. Key Functions Support the full cycle design and development of maintainable high performance websites, tools, and mobile/VR/AR web applications from conception, through sustainment Work in a dynamic development team building the front-end and back-end of multiple web 2.0 & mobile projects where each member is expected to participate in multiple areas including requirements definition, database architecture, user interface design, programming, testing, and customer delivery Participate in multiple technology exploratory & research efforts including prototyping, trade studies, and experimentation to evaluate the best options, capabilities, and tools available to help visualize and analyze complex data Qualifications Required: B.S. in Computer Science, Informatics, App Development, Engineering or other related technical area of study. 2 or more years of professional experience in a development environment The ability to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance which is issued by the US government. US citizenship is required to obtain a clearance. Demonstrated proficiency in web development, having worked on or contributed to at least one JavaScript or PHP based website Agility and interest to quickly learn new programming languages and tools such as React, RESTful apps, MongoDB, and VR/AR Ability to work both independently, and with others cooperatively within a team Good written and verbal communications skills Preferred: Two or more years of experience in development of applications for web based frameworks or mobile applications Active or recent Secret clearance Experience developing and deploying web products onto cloud services including web server management, infrastructure, database, and networking Knowledge of multiple programming languages including jQuery, PHP, JavaScript, C++, C, C Experience working with BitBucket and/or JIRA (or similar alternative) for collaborative software coding and task management Transcript Requirement Transcripts are required for this position. Additional Requisition Details System Job Title : MEMBER-TECH STF Clearance Requirement: Secret Access: None Polygraph: None Relocation Available: Yes Employment Type: Regular Work Schedule: Full Time Company Statement The Aerospace Corporation has provided independent technical and scientific research, development, and advisory services to national security space programs since 1960. We operate a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) for the United States Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office, and support all national security space programs. We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others. From our inception, our highly skilled technical staff has focused on ensuring the success of every mission and developing the most effective and economic space-related hardware and software in the world. Our greatest asset is the technical expertise of our people. Our state-of-the-art laboratory facilities are staffed by some of the leading scientists in the world. Equal Opportunity Commitment The Aerospace Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. We believe that a diverse workforce creates an environment in which unique ideas are developed and differing perspectives are valued, producing superior customer solutions. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, gender, gender identity or expression, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, or disability status. You can also review The Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the supplement, as well as the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.