Reporting to: Head of Market Intelligence & Strategy Location: Chicago Headquarters Are you looking for the challenge of being a part of the leading FinTech companies in Chicago? Come join Enova as the Market Intelligence and Strategy Analyst to help bring fast, trustworthy credit to consumers and businesses. Enova is searching for a analyst with experience working with market research and examining competitor products and marketing. In this role you will engage with senior leadership, product managers, marketing and engineering to conduct analysis in support of decision-making based on market trends, industry analysts, customer preferences, and competitive dynamics. What you’ll do: Contribute to execution of market, competitor, and customer research and conduct analysis to identify opportunities for Enova businesses to win in the market. Produce insights and present market and competitive intelligence Gather and integrate information and analyses on markets, competitors, and customers to inform business decisions; make this information easily accessible by the business. Provide insights on competitor strategies, including strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threat analysis. Provide leadership for business planning efforts, and effectively communicate insights to senior leaders and team members across Enova. Prepare industry, market and competitive intelligence assessments, with business implications and actionable recommendations, and present to each businesses twice a year. Monitor and report market and competitor events and implications. Conduct market sizing and market opportunity analysis. Identify and analyze new business opportunities in existing, adjacent or new markets and businesses. Support 3rd party research and conduct primary and secondary research Gather information from the business and industry to support primary market research across target audiences. Identify and study secondary data sources and produce analysis that can be used to comprehensive market, customer and competitive insights. Make intelligence available to the business Manage libraries of collected research and competitive intelligence for each business. You’re right for this job if you have: Bachelor’s degree in marketing, economics, or business. 2+ years of experience in market intelligence or financial/management/strategy consulting, preferably with some financial services experience. Strong analytic skills and expert knowledge of tools like Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint, knowledge of Bloomberg Terminal, statistical software, and Microsoft SQL Server a plus. Solid understanding of survey-based research, quantitative skills and mastery of key tools for competitive intelligence and big data analysis. About our team: Enova’s marketing teams unite digital and traditional marketers, account owners, direct marketing specialists and advertising pros who strive to craft a cohesive marketing strategy for each of our financial products. These gurus integrate marketing strategies between traditional marketing, SEM, e-mail, direct mail, lead generation and affiliate marketing to pave the way of our products directly to our customers. Their goals are simple: acquire new customers and engage returning customers, develop brands that build a positive customer experience, and own programs that have measurable, bottom-line impact. About Enova: Enova is a leading provider of online financial services that leverages its advanced technology and analytics to provide access to credit for non-prime consumers and small businesses. Our roots are in Chicago, but we have served nearly 5 million customers through our six businesses in the U.S. and abroad. We pride ourselves on hiring smart and driven people who bring new and innovative ideas to the table. Our philosophy is, "Life’s short. Work some place awesome." Many of us consider our people to be Enova’s best perk. But to sweeten the deal, we also have a pretty awesome list of conventional (and less conventional) perks and benefits including competitive salaries, health care benefits, a 401K matching plan, a revamped parental leave program (and brand new nursing rooms for our returning mothers!) summer hours, tuition reimbursement and a sabbatical program. And of course we also have the things you’d expect at a leading tech company in Chicago, such as the snacks, game room, onsite massages/barbers/nail technicians, monthly social events, and sporting sponsorships. Our goal at Enova is to recruit, hire, develop and maintain a diverse workforce. It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity for all persons and not discriminate in employment decisions by placing the most qualified person in each job, without regard to any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law.