Job Description Summary With ZIVELO you will be responsible for taking a customer need and developing a product that meets those needs working collaboratively with Industrial Designers and Hardware Engineers. This position requires experience with sheet metal design and a strong attention to detail, along with a drive to ensure cost, quality and manufacturability are balanced to provide the best overall product. Core Function s 1\. Develop creative and robust Engineering designs for Kiosks and Digital Signage products 2\. Revise Engineering Drawings, Models, and BOMs as required by an approved Engineering Change Request (ECR) in response to cost reduction efforts, manufacturability concerns, serviceability improvements, functional enhancements, and hardware obsolescence. 3\. Maintain Bill of Material Data for all product SKUs 4\. Utilize DFM and DFA practices to ensure product manufacturability is efficient and cost-effective 5\. Maintain all documentation and design details per ZIVELO standards 6\. Provide accurate Engineering Lead Time estimates based on incoming sales requests, tracking time against these estimates to improve long term accuracy 7\. Evaluate and conduct redesigns of existing products to reduce costs, improve manufacturability, or improve product performance driven projects. Qualifications Education and/or Experience Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering and a minimum of 3 years of product design experience. Proficient in Solidworks including sheet metal design tools Experience using Solidworks PDM Experience with common manufacturing processes including: sheet metal fabrication, stamping, aluminum and steel welding, machining, extrusions, and plastic component design Proficient in Microsoft Word and Excel Skills and Attributes Requires keen attention to detail. Effective communication skills Ability to work on your toes both individually and in a team setting Exhibit adaptability and flexibility Stay focused and motivated, while maintaining effective time-management skills Drive to think strategically and succeed in a fast-paced environment Initiative to improve products as well as internal Engineering Processes Additional Information Up for the Challenge? How to Apply: Please include the following details in your application: 1\. Current Location 2\. Relevant Experience Highlights 3\. Available Start Date 4\. Desired Compensation ZIVELO is an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or genetics.