The buildings that make up the landscape of our daily lives seem like permanent fixtures, fastened to a time and place. But what if that didn’t have to be true? What if our built environment — where we live, learn, play, and conduct business — carried us forward instead? Our Buildings practice keeps people at its heart, recognizing that our shared journey forward is shaped by the meaningful and responsive places we design. From iconic designs to monumental groundbreakings, join us to bring transformational building solutions to life. Every day we apply our expertise, creativity, and passion to propel communities into the future—join us! Your Opportunity In this postion as an Operations Analyst, you will work closely with the Business Center Managing Leader and Financial Services to problem solve operational financial issues. Ensures projects are in line with USWBE-wide standards and profitability targets. Reviews, tracks and analyzes project financial data. Identifies successful solutions for key operational initiatives as they relate to finances/revenue. The successful analyst will take initative to identify and research potential issues and make recommendations to solve existing problems. Your Key Responsibilities For Operational Support: Assist Managing Leader with review and analysis of weekly WIP, AR, AFDA, Utilization, and Resource Projection data Assist Managing Leader with revenue projections Prepare departmental metrics critical in tracking performance, trends, and staffing requirements Manage resourcing for Business Center (BC) - evaluate staffing assignments, analyze resourcing affordability, and manage database of assignments Act as a resource for staff for operational procedures or issues For Project Support: Assist Principals and Project Managers with managing financials for projects - project estimates to complete requests, project plans via Resource Project Management (RPM), Dashboard trouble shooting Advise PMs on project and financial procedures Review and analyze project financials, and assist PCs with issues related to WIP, unbilled WIP, revenue budget remaining, write-off forms, etc. Prepare month-end reports, variance reports, and ad hoc reports as required Perform analytics and interpret project/program data for continuous improvement Assist PMs with developing task structures Assist PMs with preparing fee proposals and fee breakdowns Your Capabilities and Credentials Use of Business Intelligence reporting program Strong analytical skills to gather data from multiple sources and report findings Exceptional organization and time-management skills Must be comfortable working with remote/distributed teams Familiarity with operational and accounting principles, concepts, and processes Ability to take initiative and work independently Train, manage or mentor others Education and Experience Technical degree/diploma/certificate or equivalent in related field; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Minimum of 5 years of experience. Oracle (or other Enterprise system) experience preferred. Superior computer skills in the Microsoft Office Suite (specifically desired: expertise in Excel), and Access experience preferred. Typical office environment working with computers and remaining sedentary for long periods of time. Field work may include exposure to the elements including inclement weather. _This description is not a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that may be required of the employee and other duties, responsibilities and activities may be assigned or may be changed at any time with or without notice._ Stantec is a place where the best and brightest come to build on each other’s talents, do exciting work, and make an impact on the world around us. Join us and redefine your personal best. Job: Project Coordination Primary Location: United States-Washington-Lynnwood Organization: BC-2048 Buildings-US Northwest Employee Status: Regular Job Level: Individual Contributor Travel: Yes, 25 % of the Time Schedule: Full-time Job Posting: Jul 26, 2018, 1:46:56 AM Req ID: 1800017W