We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the Role At Uber, providing world class support to our partners (riders, drivers and restaurants) is central to our success. Building the capability of our support teams to provide consistently elevated levels of service to our partners is incredibly challenging, complex and satisfying. The technology and infrastructure required to deliver learning to Community Operations Teams worldwide needs to be powerful, effective and leading-edge. We are looking for a leader to develop and implement a strategy and plan to introduce learning technologies and tools that give our agents access to the learning, knowledge and know-how they need to perform in their roles and develop their careers. Your passion for technology-enabled learning combined with your experience in experimenting with the implementation of innovative learning technology approaches and solutions is what sets you apart from your peers. What You’ll Do Working closely with regional learning teams, you will develop a Learning Technology Strategy to support the delivery of learning experiences aligned to the opportunities and limitations of our unique learning environments. Improve and introduce technology to enable a more efficient execution of processes related to the end-to-end Learning and Development life-cycle, including training needs analyses, assessments, content development and delivery, tracking, reporting and measurement. Improve and introduce learning content design software, standards and governance processes to enable the rapid development of digital learning and elearning solutions. Develop a technology-enabled strategy for multimedia content development, including eLearning, graphic design, social-learning, video, photo and audio production. Evaluate current LMS / LCMS solutions and work to improve or source and deploy new systems Establish a partner strategy for sourcing strategic technology partnerships and manage relationships with vendors and third parties Introduce new learning technologies and processes that support Live Learning Events, Social-Learning, Gamification and Virtual Classroom experiences. Own and manages all key learning technologies Research and review industry data to keep ahead of emerging strategies and trends in learning technology to continually improve our approach to designing and delivering learning experiences. What You’ll Need Degree qualified with minimum 5 years learning technology specific experience Deep Learning Technology, Systems and Processes subject matter expertise Strong project management skills Experience in implementing LMS / LCMS Demonstrated ability to deliver large-scale programs across multiple geographies Excellent written, verbal, and visual communication skills with fine attention to detail Bonus Points if Experience with implementing Social Learning Platforms