This is a technical operations position within HPDTech. HPDTech aligns technology with the Agency?s business needs by providing analysis, solutioning, application development and IT infrastructure services. We are seeking to augment the technology group with a person who will guide software development projects toward cloud platforms. This position will leverage analytical/problem solving skills with operational experience deploying on IaaS and PaaS platforms. Working closely with software development and architecture teams, this position will: ? Review IT solutions proposals to identify opportunities where cloud hosting will yield best outcomes for performance/reliability, cost benefit, delivery time, and long-term management;? Execute cloud resource provisioning tasks, performance monitoring and maintenance.? Stay current on emerging cloud offerings and technologies. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A master's degree in computer science from an accredited college and three years of progressively more responsible, full-time, satisfactory experience using information technology in computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, database administration, planning of data/information processing, user services, or area networks at least 18 months of this experience must have been in an administrative, managerial or executive capacity in the areas of computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, data base administration, or planning of data processing or in the supervision of staff performing these duties; or 2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of experience as described in "1" above; or 3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and six years of experience as described in "1" above; or 4. A satisfactory combination of education and experience equivalent to "1", "2" or "3" above. However, all candidates must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and must possess at least three years of experience as described in "1" above, including the 18 months of administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory experience as described in "1" above. Qualification Requirements (continued) NOTE: The following types of experience are not acceptable: superficial use of preprogrammed software without complex programming, design, implementation or management of the product; use of word processing packages; use of a hand held calculator; primarily the entering or updating of data in a system; the operation of data processing hardware or consoles. Preferred Skills We will consider a combination/range in the following skills/ experience: ? Software development within the Microsoft stack (browser, mobile, cross- platform);? Use of the MS Azure Dashboard to implement cloud and hybrid infrastructure solutions;? Datacenter operations including storage and server provisioning and management (physical/virtual);? Cloud resource and scalability management;? Infrastructure architecting.Technical Certifications: ? Professional certification in any IT discipline will be considered, but preference is given for the following: MSCA Cloud Platform, AWS Operations, Google Cloud, VMware Certified Professional (Versions 5 & 6) To Apply Apply online Work Location 100 Gold Street Residency Requirement New York City Residency is not required for this position