Description Upsight is the world’s largest enterprise-grade user lifecycle management platform. Our mission is to transform the world’s data into valuable action. Upsight customers leverage our consolidated solution stack to learn about their users, make informed decisions and take immediate action to positively impact KPIs, increase LTV and add value to their businesses. We handle more than 500 billion data points and deliver over 1.4 billion targeted web and mobile communications every month. Born of the 2014 merger that married Playhaven’s marketing automation solution with Kontagent’s omnichannel analytics, Upsight was built from the ground up to handle the challenges inherent in managing the world’s largest software portfolios. The 2016 acquisition of Fuse Powered and their best-in-class ad optimization technology secured our place as the industry’s only one stop shop for enterprise technologists. Upsight’s battle-tested infrastructure has scaled to facilitate some of the largest digital product launches in history, and our commitment to perfecting the industry’s only full-service solution has afforded us the privilege of working with companies like Electronic Arts, Warner Brothers, Activision and more. Above all, Upsight values relationships. Our refusal to adopt a “one-size- fits-all” approach has empowered us and our customers to build resilient partnerships that drive growth. It’s a philosophy we aim to carry with us into the future as we look forward to leading our industry in the discovery and development of practical technologies for the digital enterprise market. About the role Upsight is looking for a Sr. Data Platform Engineer, who will work on a team of Data Platform Engineers, to scale and expand on Upsight’s Data Platform, and runs at optimal performance. What you’ll do Work in an Agile development environment Write rock-solid code for a variety of data processing systems Work with our support team to debug customer issues Work hand-in-hand with our DevOps team to horizontally scale Upsight’s infrastructure to handle tens of billions of events per day Deepen your knowledge of Big Data Infrastructure, tuning production systems running at Petabyte scale About you Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, related field or equivalent experience 5 years of software engineering experience Excellent understanding of distributed systems and associated algorithms Skills for Success Rock solid understanding of the Hadoop ecosystem (YARN, HDFS, ZooKeeper, etc) Experience with both batch and streaming data processing systems (Storm, Kafka) Experience with big-data SQL engines (e.g. Hive, MR, Tez, Spark) Deep debugging and problem solving skills Attention to detail and focus on maintaining data quality Ability to place components into the context of a broader architecture and identify any issues at a systems level Ability to understanding scaling characteristics of a system, and address any deficiencies before shipping code Solid understanding of Linux and associated metrics and tunables Expert knowledge in Java and the JVM, Scala experience a bonus What You’ll Get An opportunity to make immediate impact $2,500 flexible benefit program to be used towards a combination of vacation, fitness, mobile devices, and education Snacks on snacks on snacks Catered lunches 3x per week Upsight welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.