PlayStation isn’t just the Best Place to Play —it’s also the Best Place to Work. We’ve thrilled gamers since 1994, when we launched the original PlayStation. Today, we’re recognized as a global leader in interactive and digital entertainment. The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation. Business Analyst San Mateo, CA Description: Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC (SIE), a subsidiary of Sony Corporation of America, is the premier provider of digital entertainment. Through the Sony Entertainment Network portal, consumers around the world are able to access their favorite digital entertainment conveniently and instantly on their favorite connected devices. SIE offers the latest and highest quality music, video, and game content through Sony Entertainment Network as well as PlayStation Network while also delivering third-party services. In addition, SIE provides a compelling consumer experience through innovative content discovery features and a simple user interface that is globally consistent, yet locally relevant. Extract and integrate data from multiple databases/system sources via SQL and reporting tools to support status reporting and analytical efforts related to ecommerce management, services, execution, planning and tracking. Develop and manipulate spreadsheets, databases, and data and web analytical tools Cross service analysis that focuses on video, music and gaming divisions. An understanding of a la carte and subscription based business models. Defining the annual budget across services including revenue and cost projections, operating profit and P&L; view development Tracking and reporting multiple financial KPIs to leadership on a monthly basis including revenue, studio and label revenue share payments, development and marketing costs, marketing ROI analysis, etc. Financial modeling of various business structure, M&A; options for various services within the business Financial modeling and business case development for new growth ventures across services. Assist Business Strategy and Analytics team in developing insightful and actionable analysis of Sony’ Network Services and Product Offerings Develop data analysis and status reports as required to meet management requirements Provide thought-leadership in on-going financial measurement and analysis of SIE’s services. Identify new ideas and opportunities for analytic projects Analyze data from online marketing campaigns: user response, web site conversions, feature usage, attrition rates. Support online customer analyses, such as: Customer Segmentation, Retention Analysis, Lifetime Value Analysis, Marketing ROI, Brand Research, Site Utilization Provide detailed monthly and quarterly financial overviews to management. Participate and support in delivering results and presentations to clients Qualifications: Minimum 1-2 years of experience in a business intelligence role, marketing analysis, business and/or financial management tasks for commercial organizations, preferably within the ecommerce space Master's Degree in Advanced Mathematics, Statistics or Engineering preferred, BA/BS Degree (Mathematics, Statistics or Computer Science) is a minimum requirement. A BA/BS Degree is required Minimum 2 years of SQL experience in a professional work environment R Visualization experience SPSS Modeler/SAS (Enterprise Guide)/SAS (Enterprise Miner) or similar experience Business Model development and Forecasting abilities Experience with standard BI Tools (Tableau, MicroStrategy, Business Objects, , Cognos, etc.) and web tools including Omniture, DFA, Webtrends, Visual Science, Coremetrics, WebSideStory, etc Expert user of Microsoft Office (Work, Excel, Access, Project, and PowerPoint) as well as Visio in order to prepare all documents, presentations, tables, briefings, and worksheets Strong written & verbal communication skills You are familiar with the PlayStation Network Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, legally protected physical or mental disability, covered veteran status, status in the U.S. uniformed services, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information or membership in any other legally protected category. We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond. We sincerely appreciate the time and effort you spent in contacting us and we thank you for your interest in PlayStation. LI-GD1