Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Los Angeles, CA, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA The Global Tech Partnerships team develops and supports strategic enterprise partnerships and the partner ecosystem across Google Cloud — G Suite, Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Maps and Education. We work closely with external partners and across Google’s product management, engineering, marketing and all customer-facing organizations to foster tighter integration by partners with Google's open APIs across Google's products. Through these technical and business partnerships, we seek to build joint success, customer multipliers and a thriving ecosystem of partners aimed at delighting customers. The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global data center and software products. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of how technology is used in the workplace. We’re growing very fast and looking for a Partner Ecosystem Architect to help develop and support an ecosystem of enterprise businesses and ISVs (Independent Software Vendors) delivering software to multiple clouds. You will bring product and technical expertise, strategic perspective, business development skills, the ability to clarify and summarize complex issues, and attention to detail. You will help drive awareness of our solutions at leading industry conferences and Google events. Your enthusiasm, technical and business depth, and excellent presentation skills will help decision makers understand the benefits of Google Cloud Platform to drive growth and customer success. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Build customer and partner relationships through direct engagement and Cloud advocate. Assess customer requirements and recommend appropriate solutions including architectural design and review to meet business objectives. Provide customer and market feedback to product management and engineering to influence product direction. Work closely with cross-functional teams to create and deliver product messaging including slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, and RFI/RFP response documents. Demonstrate thought leadership in cloud computing and become a trusted advisor to decision makers. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of experience in an enterprise IT role presenting technical topics to stakeholders. 4 years of experience in cloud computing (i.e., infrastructure, storage, platforms, and data), including Cloud market, competitive dynamics, and customer buying behavior. Preferred qualifications: Experience architecting Cloud-based solutions for enterprise customers. Experience presenting to various levels of an organization. Experience operating within and across cross-functional teams including Product Management, Engineering, Legal, Finance, Marketing, etc. Knowledge of the ecosystem to combine Cloud solutions with leading industry components to define, design, and implement end-to-end solutions. Ability to craft a compelling message and tailor it for a given audience. Comfortable talking about technical things with business people and business things with technical people. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.