Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Kirkland, WA, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers. The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes and use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Consult with Engineers, Product, and Customers on technical issues based on in-depth product and technical knowledge. Develop technical tools and documentation to expedite implementation and improve product serviceability. Collaborate with Engineering to thoroughly test all use-cases and commercialize solutions, and with the Product team to produce high quality and specific requirements. Write high quality designs that document technical alternatives and make sound engineering decisions across known and unknown interacting systems. Lead all aspects of development, including design, task allocation, implementation, testing, documentation, ongoing support, and maintenance. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of industry experience with technical subjects and emerging technologies in cloud computing or related technical fields, such as Information Technology. Experience in one or more of the following: Python, Java, C++, JavaScript, web-development. Experience with leading multi-disciplinary engineering projects through the entire project lifecycle. Preferred qualifications: Experience working with cloud solutions in areas such as architecture design, infrastructure migration, and deployment strategies. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.