About The Position Huawei is a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider. Through our dedication to customer-centric innovation and strong partnerships, we have established end-to-end advantages in telecom networks, devices and cloud computing. We are committed to creating maximum value for telecom operators, enterprises and consumers by providing competitive solutions and services. Our products and solutions have been deployed in over 170 countries, serving more than one third of the world’s population. Huawei has over 150,000 employees, approximately 70,000 of which are engaged in Research & development. Huawei operates a global network of 14 regional headquarters, 16 R&D Centers, 28 Innovation Centers jointly operated with customers, and 45 Training Centers. Huawei is leading the way by rethinking the future. From devices to telecom infrastructure to cloud computing and convergence solutions, we are rethinking every link in the chain with ICT based innovation to deliver a better future... faster. We are looking for smart and experienced architects and engineers who are passionate about cloud storage. Here are the job responsibilities: Responsible for Huawei New Generation Cloud Storage (especially cloud object storage, file storage, block storage, NOSQL storage, etc.) architecture design and maintenance of storage products in the cloud solution and the surrounding parts of the interface, ensure the architecture to meet the market demand, with industry-leading competitiveness. Responsible for technical strategy and planning of cloud storage, the key technologies for the construction of competitive product recognition, build long-term competitiveness of products. In cooperation with the product and marketing strategic planning team, put forward constructive suggestions for product planning storage products in the field of cloud services. Engaged in key customers presentation, discussion, and workshop. Requirements 5+ years of storage products and solutions for the design and development experience. Have rich experience in system architecture and implementation theory and actual combat ability and the success of the system architecture design. Have all kinds of mainstream cloud services and the realization of business and maintenance experience in architecture design. Familiar object storage service, file service in the use of cloud platform design, application design, development and maintenance. Familiar with the data center disaster recovery, QOS of the cloud storage. Good understanding of Azure Storage, NOSQL Storage, Garbage Collection in Cloud Storage System Huawei Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.