Leads and completes tasks independently, with attention to detail and while under pressure. Work with team in a collabrative environment Excellent judgment, problem resolution, negotiation, and decision-making skills as well as the ability to work under continual deadline pressure. Identifies, analyzes, and drives problems to resolution, handling complex issues simultaneously while effectively communicating across teams Effectively communicates technical actions and expectations to the appropriate audience Delivers customer service excellence by identifying appropriate technical solutions, and meeting/exceeding service expectations Knowledge in 2 or more relavent areas including but not limited to: Cloud Computing, Internet Security, Hardware systems, Networking systems, Storage technolgies, Data Warehouse/Business Intelligence, Data Center Facilities, Ecommerce platforms are desired Required strong experience with AWS RDS(MySql, Aurora, MariaDB), AWS EC2, MySQL, Galera, ProxySQL, Postgres Solid shell(bash, powershell) scripting experience (Python and Ruby a plus) Multiple years of experience with MySQL (familiarity with 5.6 and above required) Experience with using AWS EC2, RDS, Aurora, AWS DMS a must. Knowledge of different replication and clustering strategies and experience setting up replication between 2 or more hosts across Regions and DataCenters. Architect and implement Security Compliance across all data platforms. PCI, PII Experience setting up highly- available solutions for load balancing, connection pooling, and query partitioning. Performance tuning skills; understanding of SQL Execution Plans Ability to proactively identify, troubleshoot and resolve live database systems issues Experience with automating tasks, deployments, and patching Experience with monitoring database/system performance using Enterprise monitoring tools CloudWatch, Datadog, NewRelic Strategies for performant and non-impactful backup/restore of high-volume live site DB's SQL development experience for stored procedures/functions/extensions, ETL and OLAP data loads Degree in computer science/information systems, engineering or related field preferred; or a corresponding number of years’ experience in technical operations or software engineering. 4 or more years of experience with relational database management systems with a focus on MS SQLServer Always On and AWS services. 2-4 years’ experience with configuration, troubleshooting, performance tuning, and security procedures; experience with Linux 2 or more years of IT operational experience supporting media, e-commerce, gaming or online businesses in a 24X7 production environment Expertise in relational database administration including configuration, implementation, data modeling, maintenance, redundancy/HA, security, troubleshooting/performance tuning, upgrades, database, data and server migrations, SQL. Expertise in configuring, implementing and supporting high availability redundancy strategies on systems including replication, clustering, log shipping, mirroring. Expertise in relational database design and architectural principles and methodologies Expertise with Disaster Recovery planning and implementation. Demonstrated experience with troubleshooting systems issues and effectively diagnosing problems Excellent knowledge of hardware, EBS Cloud storage, RAID, and disk subsystems technologies as they pertain to DBMS systems, familiarity with SAN technologies desired Excellent systems documentation and diagraming skills Experience with project management methologies and handling complex projects. Experience with relevant scripting languages or programming frameworks desired (JavaScript, Python, perl, C; powershell, .Net a plus) Knowledge of understanding of TCP/IP fundamentals (DNS, FTP, SSH), general networking technologies, AWS VPC stack, network architecture and connectivity troubleshooting Degree in computer science/information systems, engineering or related field preferred; or a corresponding number of years’ experience in technical operations or software engineering. At Disney, we‘re storytellers. We make the impossible, possible. We do this through utilizing and developing cutting-edge technology and pushing the envelope to bring stories to life through our movies, products, interactive games, parks and resorts, and media networks. Now is your chance to join our talented team that delivers unparalleled creative content to audiences around the world. The Senior Database Administrator position works in a central team of Database Engineers and Administrators supporting DBMS for DTSS development teams and customers. Primary focus will be the support of RDBMS for customer internet sites and applications. Key responsibilities include Cloud (AWS) data migrations, upgrades, installations, optimization and tuning, scripting/programming, data loads, ETL, automation, security management(Encryption), backup and recovery, issue troubleshooting, advanced replication implementation, Disaster Recovery and High Availability designs. Additional tasks as assigned. The ideal candidate will have excellent technical expertise in relevant state of the art relational database systems, technologies, and design; 4 or more years’ experience focused on MySQL/Galera, AWS RDS, Aurora, Postgres RDBMS; experience with MS SQLServer is a plus. 580751