COME PLAY! Since its founding in 2002, Big Fish has been the world’s largest producer and distributor of casual games. Our titles continuously land us at the top of app store charts. We’re bounding into the mid-core space, exploring new and exciting forms of gameplay, and producing more fun than ever! Big Fish is home to six individual studios, each with its unique style of gameplay. We’re united under a common goal: to produce and develop the very best in mobile gaming, and bring fun and entertainment to our millions of customers across the globe! THE MISSION We are looking for flexible individuals who have a strategic viewpoint and can grow as we grow our Business Intelligence Analytics team in Seattle. You will be part of our BI Analytics team, which is a small group of dedicated analysts whose primary focus is to support user acquisition and marketing with valuable analysis, research and insights. Our Business Intelligence Analysts are responsible for applying a breadth of data extraction, restructuring, data manipulation, and analytic techniques to answer a wide range of business questions. Our Analysts are effective communicators capable of independently driving issues to resolution, communicating insights to non-technical audiences, and helping non-technical users define practical analysis questions. YOU ARE... [Soft skills that are important for the role] Curious, get a thrill from business people gaining insight from your reporting and analysis, able to deal with ambiguous business problems A self-starter, detail oriented and believe in continuous learning and improvement YOU WILL… Work closely with our user acquisition marketing team on diverse topics to analyze our campaigns and understand their effectiveness Apply statistical analysis techniques to glean insights and provide recommendations Devise and run A/B tests to directly and indirectly drive KPI improvements Write complex SQL for exploratory analysis, to translate arithmetic solutions/statistical models to implementable code Build dashboards, generate reports with findings and communicate these effectively via written, oral and visual methods Build and maintain analytic ETL that supports refreshable dashboards and reporting Maintain strong and effective working relationships with Product, Marketing, Engineering, and IT teams as well as our business partners REQUIRED ABILITIES, ACHIEVEMENTS, AND XP 3-5 years related experience working in an analytical/research environment Experience working with business teams to identify and define problems Experience with analytical techniques used for data analysis and exploration Experience using SQL for analysis including collecting and assembling data, cleansing and formatting, and validation of results Experience using descriptive and inferential statistics to analyze and present findings Experience using visualization techniques for presenting data and analysis - knowledge of Tableau is a plus Experience with effectively writing, presenting and communicating research results to other teams Experience using at least one programming language to move and parse data sets Experience with effectively writing, presenting and communicating research results to other teams Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience in Computer Science or related discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, etc. BONUS POINTS [Preferred/bonus skill sets that are not a requirement for the role] Proficiency in Tableau Experience using any statistical software package for analysis Want to discover more about life at Big Fish? Check us out on TheMuse.com ! _Be the next Big Fish in the Pond!_