This position reports to the Manager of Quality Data and Analytics. The Supervisor, Quality Initiative Analytics will oversee activities in support of the client initiatives and will serve as the lead for the analytics, metrics and measurement of the initiatives run to support Star rating improvement. This position will supervise team members and act as a liaison between the initiative execution team and the analytics team, as well as participate and/or lead group discussions. RESPONSIBILITIES/TASKS: Manages the oversight of analytics staff to ensure targeting criteria, metrics and measurement of client initiatives are completed and accurate Manages and monitors multiple projects simultaneously by developing initiative project plans. Establishes work priorities and assigns work to team members as defined by the project plan(s) to assure client initiative requirements and deadlines are met and are within budget. Responsible for developing targeting strategies to maximize outcomes and minimize cost Reviews, maintains and provides status on data and analytic efforts Provides guidance and recommendations on client initiatives Leads the development and implementation of all data aspects of client initiatives Assists with ensuring that appropriate cross-team coordination, communication, and design approaches are facilitated. Identifies and resolves challenges related to data and metrics to fulfill client expectations. Responsible for reporting client outcomes. Ensures that appropriate cross-team initiative training is occurring. Acts as a primary liaison to team leadership and cross teams for timely resolution of problems. Supervises and promotes the professional development of assigned staff. Participates in development of annual departmental budget, monitors budget, and identifies budget discrepancies. Researches cause and makes recommendations. Responsible for balancing workload to optimize the effectiveness of the department. DIRECTION EXERCISED: Directly supervises exempt and non-exempt staff in accordance with company policies and applicable Federal and State Laws. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, effectively interviewing, hiring, terminating, and training employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and counseling employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems; supporting and encouraging the engagement process. _This position description identifies the responsibilities and tasks typically associated with the performance of the position. Other relevant essential functions may be required._