_R &D; Automotive Intern, __Warranty Analytics_ Company: Hitachi America, Ltd. Division: R&D;/APL Location: Farmington Hills , MI Status: Full-Time Internship Term: July 2018 – December 2018 (extension TBD) Hours: 9am-6pm (with a one hour lunch break), Monday - Friday Hourly Compensation: TBD Summary: The Hitachi America, Ltd. ( www.hitachi-america.us ) is looking for a candidate pursuing their Master’s/Ph.D. degree in Engineering (or equivalent) to join our Research & Development team as an Intern. The Intern will be involved in cutting edge research for automotive industry. The research will include automotive component warranty claim data analysis, root cause analysis, warranty prediction and forecast. Other job responsibilities include periodic meeting with business unit to identify and collect useful data, and documentation of research work to enable communication channels internal to Hitachi. During the period of the internship, the candidate is expected to work with researchers of the Automotive Products Research Lab and engineers of Hitachi Automotive Systems. Qualifications MS degree or higher in Engineering (or equivalent). Hands-on experience with automotive component warranty data modeling and analysis. H ands-on e xperience with Machine Learning or other data analytics algorithms and their implementation for production level system using open source tool such as python, R or equivalent. Knowedge of Natural Language Processing (NLP) is preferred. Knowledge of fundamental physics in electrical and mechanical automotive systems and modeling of their failures are preferred. Knowledge of in-vehicle sensor instrumentation and CAN communication protocol is preferred. Knowledge of vehicle dynamics and control is preferred. Knowledge of parallel or distributed computing is preferred. Good ability to plan and execute experiments; document, analyze and present experimental results. Good literature survey, technical writing, & communication skills is required. Ability to work in a team environment and demonstrate dedication to completing jobs on time. _EOE-Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities_ If you need a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job at Hitachi, please send the nature of request and contact information to accommodation@hal.hitachi.com. Queries other than accommodation requests will not be responded to.