Position Overview The Finance Business Analyst assists in the daily operations of diverse financial related duties of the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office. This position may supervise administrative and/or accounting staff . Position Qualifications _Minimum education and/or experience:_ Bachelor's degree in accounting, finance, business or public administration, or related field and two (2) years of professional level finance experience. An equivalent combination of related post-secondary education and/or job- related experience may substitute for the minimum qualifications on a year for year basis. _Specialized training, certifications, and/or other special requirements:_ Must possess, or have the ability to obtain by the time of hire, a valid Arizona driver's license. Training with the exception of Arizona driver's license to be provided on-the- job: FEMA NIMS – IS100 and 700; OSHA training; ADP payroll training; PREA training. Prior to hiring, the Sheriff's Office requires that all candidates pass a polygraph examination and an extensive background review. _Knowledge, skills, and abilities:_ _Knowledge of:_ Microsoft Office Suite applications, advanced level. Governmental accounting. _Skill in:_ Performing sophisticated analysis and interpret financial performance. Researching complex data and compile reports. _Ability to:_ Communicate effectively in verbal and written format as appropriate for the needs of the audience. Apply strong problem solving techniques. Establish and maintain effective working relationships. _Preferred education and/or experience:_ Experience with government budgets and financial operations. _Working conditions:_ Work occurs primarily indoors. Tasks require managing frequent interruptions, time pressures, and high work volumes. Position includes team-oriented activities and interaction with all levels of County management and personnel. Responsibilities require concentration, accuracy, ethical conduct and a professional demeanor. _The following environments described are only representative of how the essential job tasks are currently performed or envisioned. As such, in order to accommodate a disability or limitation, the essential job tasks may be performed in ways other than described on these pages._ _Work Environment:_ Indoors Rarely outdoors, in temperatures above 90 degrees or below 40 degrees Conditions may occasionally include use of stairs or ladders, high noise level, or bright lighting _Physical Environment:_ Sitting, standing, walking Driving a vehicle Speaking, hearing, seeing, reading Bending/kneeling, reaching, crouching Lifting floor to waist twenty five (25) pounds Lifting waist to shoulder twenty five (25) pounds Lifting shoulder to overhead fifteen (15) pounds Carrying a weight of fifteen (15) pounds for a distance of 100 feet Pushing/pulling a weight of twenty five (25) pounds for a distance of 100 feet _Social Environment:_ Working with constant interruptions and time pressures Managing high volume of work Handling multiple or complicated tasks, and frequently changing or unscheduled tasks Accuracy, concentration/vigilance Frequent decision making Working in a team environment in close proximity with others Occasional public contact Handling emergencies on rare occasions Occasional hours beyond standard work week Essential Job Tasks Researches and analyzes financial and performance data from various sources and prepares summary reports for end users. Investigates financial and operational impact of multiple operational activities and compiles summary reports. Reviews budget and financial matters and analyzes budget to actual using financial information system reports and tools. Assists with annual budget preparation and maintenance. Prepares and posts journal vouchers for any necessary corrections. Ensures accurate and timely accounting, revenue, and expenditures forecasts, in-depth analysis, and reporting of departmental financial and related data. Performs research explanations on expenditures and variances. Manages the jail inmate and patrol billing (invoicing) by utilizing the Jail Management System, Intergovernmental Agreements, and QuickBooks. Coordinates department's large capital asset program including monitoring all asset purchases, dispositions and transfers. Implements, tracks, and completes the County annual physical inventory of capital assets. Supervises accounting staff and special projects when assigned. Investigates and corrects errors in documents and reports. Researches and compiles board agenda and contract information. Reviews, processes and approves a variety of technical transactions. Responds to requests for information, reviews, investigates, and corrects errors in documents and reports, and provides technical information to staff as authorized. Takes initiative for investigating discrepancies, provides recommendations based on sound accounting practices, applies resolution as appropriate, and reviews items with supervisor ensuring consistency in application. Supports daily activities of department, to include various aspects of internal and external reporting as well as general accounting functions. Performs other duties as assigned. Seeks appropriate and available training to perform and maintain required job function in a dynamic work environment. Be present at work site to perform tasks as scheduled and assigned by supervisor. Selection Procedure The hiring authority will select the successful candidate based on departmental needs. All offers of employment made to new hires and rehires at Maricopa County are contingent upon successful completion of a post-offer, pre-employment thorough background investigation. A background investigation is conducted on a current employee who changes to a Safety Sensitive Position or one having the potential for serious adverse impact on the integrity or efficiency of the County. These requirements do not pertain to employees of elected officials who undergo background investigation processes administered through their respective offices. Typically successful candidates are hired at a salary rate, up to midpoint of the range, based on applicable experience, internal equity and budgetary allowances.