What we do Since 1973, the Boston Area Rape Crisis Center (BARCC) has been a leader in the movement to end sexual violence. BARCC empowers survivors of sexual violence to heal and provides education and advocacy for the social change needed to create cultures that prevent sexual violence. We rely on our dedicated, brilliant staff to do this important work, and our team is growing! The role Our Finance and Operations team is looking for a new full-time Operations Coordinator. You’ll work closely with the Finance and Operations Senior Director, staff, office support volunteers, and other stakeholders to ensure the smooth operations and welcoming environment of BARCC’s offices for our staff, consultants, interns and guests. Where and when you’ll work BARCC's staff, operations, hours, and location vary by function, type of work, and work style. You’ll primarily work from our Cambridge office, located at 99 Bishop Allen Drive, with monthly travel to our Waltham and Boston offices. This is a 40-hour, full-time position. You can expect to work regularly Monday through Friday. BARCC is open to discussing options such as flexibility in scheduling and occasional remote work. What you’ll do Building and Facility Serve as main contact for all emergent and planned building/facility maintenance and improvements. Resolve issues and requests in a timely and transparent manner through the management of an organizational request and tracking system. Create a positive working relationship with building owners and property management companies, vendors, as well as colleagues needing assistance. Maintain a proactive routine of in-person facility oversight, care and attention in all BARCC locations, ensuring the office is clean and well maintained and managing facility vendor contracts. Coordinate office space improvements and expansion projects, ensuring compliance with ADA and BARCC’s disability access improvement plan. Resource Coordination Manage phone extensions, building security needs, and office closure announcements. Maintain inventory tracking system for equipment, including laptops, projectors, and other technical resources, coordinating proactive replacement with IT. Maintain an inventory tracking system for office supplies and marketing materials such as program brochures and business cards, proactively purchasing in accordance with the department guidelines. Implement annual operational plan, including facility, equipment, and process improvements. Scheduling Maintain office lists and schedules; phone extensions, office coverage, kitchen cleaning, etc. Act as point person for room reservations, maintaining calendar, managing room conflicts, and reserving external meeting space as needed. Assist with setup for meetings, including monthly staff meeting in collaboration with supervisor. Staff support Respond to basic IT needs, coordinate with outsourced IT provider as needed. Communicate and resolve emergency operation issues, such as computers, phones, copiers, etc. in a timely manner. Responsible for distributing mail daily, ensuring that the process for incoming revenue is followed. Oversee the continued operation of office equipment (copiers, printers, phones, etc.), troubleshooting issues and serving as liaison to vendors and service providers as needed. Coordinate purchasing and financial reconciliation for staff professional development and organizational needs, including conference registration, travel and special program grants. Oversee the distribution and reconciliation of taxi vouchers and car sharing costs. Assist in the compilation and delivery of contracts, grants, and other critical documents with identified staff. Be an ambassador of the organization, reflecting the values of teamwork, collaboration, inclusivity, and mutual respect. Collaborate on other projects as needed. You’ll bring Demonstrated skill in office support or customer service roles, ideally two to three years experience total. The ideal candidate will demonstrate superior customer service, interpersonal, problem-solving, and communication skills that intrinsically motivates them to support others. Ability to negotiate and work effectively with vendors to meet organizational needs. Technology savvy with strong working knowledge of Google Suite and cloud-based tools and systems. Superior attendance, time management, and follow through. Experience working in an environment where guests may be in crisis or under stress is helpful. Committed to BARCC’s mission and philosophy. Conversational fluency in Spanish a plus. What we offer The opportunity to make meaningful change and improve the lives of others through mission-driven work, at all levels of the organization. The most compassionate, supportive, and fun-loving colleagues around—who will shower you with warm welcomes, funny memes, and regular shout-outs for your contributions. An investment in your health, well-being, and professional development through competitive benefit offerings, generous time off policies, dedication to mental health and proactively managing vicarious trauma, and professional development funds and opportunities. Starting salary range and benefits $38,000 - 42,000, depending on experience and skills. The total compensation package includes a generous benefits package, including health, dental, vacation, sick time, and other coverage options. Hiring process and timeline Please submit via our online application system your resume and cover letter stating your interest and related experience to be considered for this position. No phone calls please. We are accepting initial applications through August 17, 2018, but the opportunity will remain open until we find the best fit possible. The full hiring process will include a phone-screen interview, first-round in-person interview, skills assessment, and final team interview. Reasonable accommodation provided upon request. About us At BARCC, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it and are always building a more inclusive and diverse work environment. BARCC strives to represent the communities we serve. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law. For more information about BARCC, please visit barcc.org.