Requisition Number: 67188 As a Data Center Architect you’ll lead discussions with clients around their cloud and data center initiatives. You’ll assist account executives with technical and business guidance on a variety of services and technologies within large enterprise customers. You’ll act as a trusted advisor to customers based on intimate technical knowledge of the customer environment. The DCA has the ability to leverage consulting services, managed services, field services coupled with technology to drive desired business outcomes. What you’ll do at Insight: Build relationships with clients at the manager and director level. Create and implement a solution roadmap and select the right infrastructure and technology platform or product based on in-depth knowledge of one and broad knowledge of other technologies. Ability to lead development of the technical solution or offering, in translating the business needs into technical requirements. Identifies gaps, strategic impacts, financial impacts and the risk profile in the technical solution or offering, and provides technical support. Assist clients with complex projects involved multiple disciples or business units. Recommend to client appropriate technological alternatives. Evaluate new technological developments and how they affect evolving client business requirements. What you’ll need to join Insight: Deep knowledge of data center and storage solutions. Excel at leading group client business discussions Solid experience in consultative / complex sales processes Deep knowledge and interest in major public cloud offerings (i.e. Microsoft Azure, AWS, OpenStack, DevOps) and related Infrastructure, Platform and Software as a Service capabilities. The position described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight. For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, click here. Today, every business is a technology business. Insight Enterprises, Inc. empowers organizations of all sizes with Insight Intelligent Technology Solutions™ and services to maximize the business value of IT. As a Fortune 500-ranked global provider of digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services, we help clients successfully manage their IT today while transforming for tomorrow. From IT strategy and design to implementation and management, our 6,800 employees help clients innovate and optimize their operations to run smarter. Discover more at insight.com. Global provider of Intelligent Technology Solutions™ for organizations of all sizes Ranked 417 on the 2018 Fortune 500, 12 on the CRN Solution Provider 500 Founded in 1988 in Tempe, Arizona; now celebrating our 30th anniversary and operating in 20 countries $6.7 billion in revenue for 2017 6,800+ teammates worldwide working with 5,300+ partners 2017 Arizona’s Most Admired Companies (AZ Business Magazine), 7 2017 Best Places to Work (Phoenix Business Journal) 2018 Dell EMC Server Partner of the Year, 2018 Intel Retail Solution Partner of the Year, 2018 IBM Geography Excellence Award as the Top National Strategic Business Partner in North America, Microsoft’s largest global partner Today's talent leads tomorrow's success. Learn about careers at Insight: jobs.insight.com. Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. Posting Notes: Eden Prairie || Minnesota (US-MN) || United States (US) || NETINF || None || US - Minneapolis, MN ||