Description Microbiologist 1 Public Health Laboratories The Opportunity The Washington State Public Health Laboratories provide a wide range of diagnostic and analytical functions for the assessment and surveillance of infectious/communicable, heritable/genetic and chronic diseases as well as environmental contamination. As a Microbiologist 1 within the Microbiology Laboratory of STD and Tuberculosis Units, you will have the opportunity to protect and improve the health of all people in Washington State by testing samples to confirm or rule out the infection with _Treponema pallidum_ and/or HIV. This position is also responsible for processing samples to rule out active Tuberculosis disease and monitor treatment progress of the patient. This position is within the Division of Disease Control and Health Statistics (DCHS), a community health partner using innovative methods to provide quality health information, vital records, and assessment services for taking public health actions, developing public health policy, and conducting assessment activities to improve the health of the people of Washington. About DOH and our Employer of Choice Initiatives Washington State Department of Health (DOH) works with federal, state, tribal, and local partners to help people in Washington stay healthy and safe. Our programs and services help prevent illness and injury, promote healthy places to live and work, provide education to help people make good health decisions and ensure our state is prepared for emergencies. To learn more about the agency, visit the DOH website and DOH Infographic (PDF) (Download PDF reader). View the Work at Health video. DOH is a great place to work and has implemented several "Employer of Choice" initiatives, including: We are committed to diversity and inclusion. DOH fosters an inclusive environment that encourages all employees to bring their authentic selves to work each day. We strive to hire, develop, and retain a competent and diverse workforce that is reflective of the customers we serve. Watch the DOH "Diversity is Rising" video. We have an engaging Wellness@Health program which offers programs that support healthy behaviors and work/life balance. Our program provides wellness education, access to healthy food, physical activity classes, stress relief, and many other resources to support a healthy you. We support a healthy work/life balance by offering flexible/alternative work schedules, and mobile and telework options. (Depending on job duties.) We are making exciting steps towards modernizing our workplace by providing motivating and inspiring workspaces that promote creative thought, innovation, and collaboration among co-workers. Take the DOH Workplace Modernization Virtual Tour. We have an Infant at Work Program that is based on the long-term health values of breastfeeding newborns and infant-parent bonding. Eligible employees who are new mothers, fathers, or legal guardians can bring their infant (6 weeks to 6 months) when returning to work. (Depending on job duties and work location.) Watch KING 5's Drew Mikkelsen report on the Infant at Work program. What will you be doing? – Duties include: Perform serology-based testing (RPR, VDRL, and TP-PA) to confirm or rule out syphilis infection. Process specimens for Acid Fast Bacilli (AFB) microscopy, culture, identification, and sensitivity testing in Tuberculosis laboratory. Learn and perform EIA based methods for confirmation and/or rule out syphilis and/or HIV infections from serum specimens. Learn and perform serum sample preparation and sample processing. Reporting test results into Lab Information Management System (LIMS). Provide lab support to other sections within microbiology as needed. What we're looking for Success in this position requires one to be a team player, defined as having a driving passion for the work, bringing humility to their job and people interactions, and understanding how their words and actions affect others. Required Qualifications A Bachelor's degree in Medical Technology, Molecular Biology, Microbiology, Biochemistry, Biotechnology, Cell Biology, Biology or other basic medical science fields that includes 20 or more semester hours or quarter hour equivalent in microbiology or other subjects related to the study of microorganisms. Experience working with bacterial cultures and identification methods. Experience in PCR and/or other molecular technologies. Preferred/Desired Qualifications Experience in serology Experience with pipetting Experience with regulatory agencies such as CAP or CLIA Prefer thorough knowledge of standard office software, such as Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, etc. Conditions of Employment/Working Conditions _With or without accommodation, I am willing and able to:_ Work indoors, at a desk/workstation the majority of a workday, in a laboratory environment with possible conversation and other distractions. Work in a laboratory environment with typical hazards including contact with bacterial pathogens and all hazards associated with handling human specimens. Work in a tobacco, drug, and alcohol-free environment. Use routine laboratory equipment, personal protective equipment which includes but not limited to (respirator, gowns, and gloves) Occasionally work in excess of 40 hours per week and/or to adjust normally scheduled hours, which may include evening and weekends. Occasionally travel throughout the state (including rural areas) which may include overnight stays. Legally operate a state or privately owned vehicle or provide alternative transportation. This is a position covered by a bargaining unit for which the Washington Federation of State Employees (WFSE) is the exclusive representative. The Washington State Department of Health (DOH) is an equal opportunity employer. DOH strives to create a working environment that is inclusive and respectful. It is our policy to prohibit discrimination on the basis of race, sex, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, veteran status, political affiliation, genetics, or disability in the recruitment, selection, and hiring of our workforce. Applicants wishing assistance or alternative formats in the process should contact Zach Covington at (360) 236-2406, Zach.Covington@doh.wa.gov, or TDD Relay at 1-800-833-6384 or 7-1-1. Application Process Intrigued? We'd love to hear from you. Click "Apply" to submit your detailed application profile along with the following: A letter of interest , describing how you meet the specific required and desired qualifications for this position. A current resume. Three (3) or more professional references , to be included in your profile. Please include at least one supervisor, peer, and (if you have supervised staff) a subordinate. DO NOT attach transcripts or other documents that are not requested in the Application Process, or that are password protected. These type of documents cause errors when downloading application materials and will not be forwarded to the hiring supervisor. _Veterans_ , please feel free to attach a copy of your DD214 (redact SSN). Click here to SUBSCRIBE to Jobs at DOH Supplemental Information Only applicants who follow the directions and complete the Application Process in-full will have their responses reviewed for consideration. Education and experience selected, listed and/or detailed in the Supplemental Questions must be verifiable on the detailed applicant profile submitted. This recruitment may be used to fill other positions of the same job classification within the office.