Are you interested in changing the world of healthcare and human services? Do you want to work with innovative web and mobile software applications with great impact on society? Do you want to be part of a growing technical support team that is focused on creating the best possible user experience and delighting customers? Do you work hard to help others to achieve their best results? Do you want to be amazed, inspired and proud of your job every day? Come and show us what you’re made of. Mediware Information Systems, Inc. is a fast growing Top 100 Healthcare Software company. We design and build products that are inspiring and make a real impact in people’s lives. We have 1000+ employees across the US, UK and Netherlands. Mediware’s portfolio of solutions currently includes long-term services and supports behavioral health, blood solutions, cellular therapy, home care, medication management, rehabilitation and respiratory therapy. The Technical Support Representative is part of a growing technical support team that is focused on creating the best possible user experience and delighting Mediware’s customers. The successful candidate will join this critically important team and will use a range of technical and interpersonal skills to ensure that clients maximize the value of our services on a daily basis. Principal Functions of the Job: Technical Support Deliver support services of highest quality and customer service to Mediware IV Infusion, Home Medical Equipment, and Specialty pharmacy customers, which includes: Providing answers to questions, resolutions to problems and general assistance for the day-to-day operations of Mediware’s services via telephone and email correspondence with customers. Troubleshooting and documenting software operational issues and technical issues. Escalating unresolved issues with thorough documentation as required, maintaining ownership of issue through resolution. Ensuring required response time and resolution times are met. Miscellaneous Participate in continuous improvement efforts to refine the division’s Technical Support methodologies and practices. Assist in other team activities, such as software quality assurance, module installations and documentation review. Work on special projects and assume other tasks as assigned. Job Qualifications The most successful Technical Support Representative will have: 2+ years of technical support, customer service, or related experience. Strong communication skills and a good sense of humor. Ability to provide friendly and professional customer service. Ability to learn quickly and then use that knowledge to solve problems effectively. Ability to say “I don’t know, but I can get that answer for you” and then find the answer for the client. Pharmacy or Medical Equipment Provider experience a plus. Experience with Web-based software support is a plus. Experience with Microsoft SQL Server and Data Warehouses is a plus. Mediware provides equal employment opportunities to all people without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, marital status, veteran status, age, disability, sexual orientation or gender identity or expression or any other legally protected category.