Are you a problem solver? Do you enjoy getting to the root cause of an issue, developing a business plan to test assumptions, collect and analyze data, and work with cross-functional teams to implement an idea to market and scale? RigUp is the fastest growing tech startup in the oil & gas industry. We're seeking experienced business operations analyst of all backgrounds to become key members of our product development team. If you're ready for new challenges, we'd love to hear from you. Our team has great people from all over the US and beyond, from all sorts of industries and all walks of life. We highly value the different perspectives and unique ideas that diversity brings to our company, and consider it an absolute necessity for our future. What You'll Do Work directly with functional owners to investigate and implement new scalable programs. Prioritize high value cross functional projects within personal and organizational timeframes. Set, track, and exceed objectives while defining key results. Champion cross functional projects optimized for efficient implementation. Consult inter-functional projects and process improvements. Analyze and prioritize reactive executional needs optimized for the best of the business. Gather and analyze quantitative and qualitative data used as a framework for making strategic decisions. Present high value presentations internally and externally. Implement process for handoff to program or functional managers. What We're Looking For 5+ years of business operations experience or experience in a financial or operational analytical role Entrepreneurial ability to discover root cause issues and propose optimal solution sets Have a track record of high performance within previous roles and organizational structures, consistently exceeding individual and team goals Ability to draw influence and achieve buy-in across multiple functional owners and contributors Able to solve problems, handle difficult questions, and skillfully navigate objections with limited supervision.Willing to go the extra mile with a strong work ethic; self-directed, coach-able & resourceful Highly driven individual with an execution focus and a strong sense of urgency Customer facing experience with the ability communicate effectively to extract and implement a data driven analysis Experience working in an early stage or growth stage software company Strong track record of crafting roadmaps and delivering products well-aligned with business strategy Must be willing to travel 10-20% domestically on average Bonus Points Experience in the energy industry is a plus but not required, you must have at least an interest in the energy industry Have experience in highly volatile environments Experience growing online marketplaces Benefits and Perks Competitive salary with 100% company-paid health insurance 401k with generous company match Flexible work schedule and vacation policy Great office in downtown Austin with fully stocked kitchen and optional standing desks Catered team meals