Job Description: Job Summary-Fixed Term 1 year This paragraph summarizes the general nature, level and purpose of the job. The Business Operations Analyst provides direct support to Program Managers in high profile projects designed to reinforce the hospitals strategic goals and increase operational efficiencies. Support is provided through conducting the following: complex quantitative and qualitative analysis, documenting current and future state business processes, managing project logistics, and monitoring the success of project goals. Essential Functions The essential functions listed are typical examples of work performed by positions in this job classification. They are not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, tasks, and responsibilities. Employees may also perform other duties as assigned. Employees must abide by all Joint Commission Requirements including but not limited to sensitivity to cultural diversity, patient care, patients' rights and ethical treatment, safety and security of physical environments, emergency management, teamwork, respect for others, participation in ongoing education and training, communication and adherence to safety and quality programs, sustaining compliance with National Patient Safety Goals, and licensure and health screenings. Must perform all duties and responsibilities in accordance with the Service Standards of the Hospital(s). Analyzes quantitative and qualitative data as necessary throughout the course of the project, including the development of data collection strategies. Coordinates and prepares a wide range of logistic support throughout project, including: meeting set-up, material compilation, training front line staff on workflow changes/new technology, partnering with vendors on timely completion of key deliverables. Creates and maintains data dashboards and PowerPoint presentations that provide up to date results of project progress for project manager, team, and VP Sponsors. Creates process maps to display current state and future state workflows. Maintains established reporting structures and project metrics to ensure sustained project results. Serves as a resource to identify and research best practices, benchmarking data and other supporting documentation for various healthcare related topics; Brainstorms with managers throughout course of project; Trains managers and operational staff to utilize data tools and other tools and needed. Supports project teams in structuring work and maintaining timeline and agreed upon key deliverables. Equal Opportunity Employer Stanford Health Care (SHC) strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity and non-discrimination in all of its policies and practices, including the area of employment. Accordingly, SHC does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation or gender identity and/or expression, religion, age, national or ethnic origin, political beliefs, marital status, medical condition, genetic information, veteran status, or disability, or the perception of any of the above. People of all genders, members of all racial and ethnic groups, people with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. Qualified applicants with criminal convictions will be considered after an individualized assessment of the conviction and the job requirements. Qualificiations: Minimum Qualifications Any combination of education and experience that would likely provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities as well as possession of any required licenses or certifications is qualifying. Education: Bachelor's degree in a work-related discipline/field from an accredited college or university Experience: Two (2) years of progressively responsible and directly related work experience Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities These are the observable and measurable attributes and skills required to perform successfully the essential functions of the job and are generally demonstrated through qualifying experience, education, or licensure/certification. Ability to adapt to and deal with change and ambiguity Ability to analyze data, draw conclusions and interpret results Ability to plan, organize, prioritize, work independently and meet deadlines Ability to speak and write effectively at a level appropriate for the job Ability to work effectively both as team player and independent contributor Ability to work in a fast-paced work environment Ability to work well with individuals at all levels of the organization Knowledge of computer systems and software used in functional area LI-PD1 ~LI~