Company Information PACCAR is a Fortune 500 company established in 1905. PACCAR Inc is recognized as a global leader in the commercial vehicle, financial, and customer service fields with internationally recognized brands such as Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF trucks. PACCAR is a global technology leader in the design, manufacture and customer support of high-quality light-, medium- and heavy-duty trucks under the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF nameplates. PACCAR designs and manufactures advanced diesel engines and also provides customized financial services, information technology and truck parts related to its principal business. Whether you want to design the transportation technology of tomorrow, support the staff functions of a dynamic, international leader, or build our excellent products and services — you can develop the career you desire with PACCAR. Get started! Division Information PACCAR Parts PACCAR Parts is the global provider of aftermarket parts and services to support Kenworth, Peterbilt, DAF and TRP dealers around the world.This includes 18 distribution centers globally that support 2,200 dealerships and over 1,000,000 customers.Aftermarket support includes world class customer centers that deliver industry leading uptime in conjunction with our outstanding supply chain that delivers record levels of inventory availability for dealers and customers. Requisition Summary The MDI Data Analyst improves dealer inventory and service levels by assisting Managed Dealer Inventory (MDI) Analysts and Managers through daily planning system maintenance, retail forecasting and support activities. Develop and prepare ad hoc reports distributed to senior management. Job Functions / Responsibilities Modify and maintain information in MDI system as directed by MDI Analysts as related to part number maintenance per dealer Generate monthly reports, analyze output data, verify accuracy, and research outliers Research, compile and/or develop necessary data and information required for department business processes and control Work on special projects as assigned Assist in development, implementation and monitoring of dealer Recommended Stocking Lists (RSL) Provide data and reporting support to MDI Analysts using the forecasting system Qualifications Bachelors degree in business or analytical field required Self-directed individual able to address multiple priorities within a dynamic and technical environment Ability to make decisions and use judgment/take action independently Ability to use interpersonal skills and work as a team member Ability to perform some advanced level math (data and/or number manipulation) Spanish or French language skills are a plus Familiarity with advanced inventory planning systems (Manugistics /JDA) beneficial but not required Strong writing and PC skills (MS Word/Excel/Access) Additional Job Board Information PACCAR is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veteran/Disability.