Company Profile Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The Firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries. As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career - a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture. Technology Technology works as a strategic partner with Morgan Stanley business units and the world's leading technology companies to redefine how we do business in ever more global, complex, and dynamic financial markets. Morgan Stanley's sizeable investment in technology results in quantitative trading systems, cutting-edge modelling and simulation software, comprehensive risk and security systems, and robust client-relationship capabilities, plus the worldwide infrastructure that forms the backbone of these systems and tools. Our insights, our applications and infrastructure give a competitive edge to clients' businesses—and to our own. The RoleCandidate will be part of the team responsible for managing application maintenance, packaging and onboarding for 3rd party apps and in- house applications. As part of application maintenance; candidate will provide support to these applications, track EOL versions, create upgrade plans and become SME. Candidate will also coordinate with SAM team licensing optimization through the tracking of license applications, as well as the recovery of licenses not used in 90+ days. Aside from this given that the firm is moving to Windows10, candidate will drive with a consultant team the testing, tracking and remediation of applications that will be made available in the windows 10 environment. This activity will be directly tied to the rollout schedule so that application prioritization matches schedule. This individual will also work with the respective Practice Area Group to ensure PAGs are on time on the delivery of their respective application testing. Candidate will also partner with peers for both innovation and continuous improvement processes in order to streamline and improve efficiency of team as well as BAU activity such as the migration of application configuration data. Technical writing/and knowledge dissemination in knowledge-based documentsRecommending and implementing configuration policies and standards Scripting and automation? Iproving application tracking database (EUTP)Povide assistance to SDS and other teamsManage risk in general and specifically with remaining NNCs and the data transfer from theseQualifications: Requires a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field of study and 5 years of experience in similar position,Must be able to manage geographically dispersed personnel with multiple time zonesDeep knowledge of Windows 7 & 10 and related technologiesKnowledge of common IT processes, including ITIL and SDLCIn depth knowledge of Active Directory, Group Policy, Multi Domains, Strong financial management skillsStrong analytical skillsExcellent communication and written skills are required