Company Overview At Proofpoint, we have a passion for protecting people, data, and brands from today’s advanced threats and compliance risks. We hire the best people in the business to: Build and enhance our proven security platform Blend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architecture Analyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intel Collaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges We are singularly devoted to helping our customers protect what matters most. That’s why we’re a leader in next- generation cybersecurity—and why more than half of the Fortune 100 trust us as a security partner. The Role Proofpoint’s manufacturing team is looking for an Order Provisioning Associate at its Sunnyvale, CA headquarters. The ideal candidate will be highly motivated, a quick learner and a team player, joining us to focus on deploying our products to new and existing customers. In this critical role you will be part of a team that touches on all customers and works closely with almost all other parts of the company. Your day-to-day Responsibilities include: Process and deploy customer orders and order configurations via Proofpoint developed tools. Monitor progress of other departments in resolving configuration issues Follow industry standard practices and SOX practices for controlling and moving inventory. Follow documented procedures for testing hardware and installing software and custom customer deployments. Assist in maintaining proper department documentation. Raise problems or issues as needed, providing the appropriate alert to your Manager and Supervisor to ensure timely issues are addressed in a timely and resolute manner. Any other tasks or assignments as directed by Manager or Supervisor that assist in the overall success of the team and department as a whole. Update, maintain and improve department process documentation as needed What you bring to the team Excellent customer service skills and the ability to work well with others An attention to detail and ability to be organized Willingness to learn new things while following established processes and procedures An ability to flex with changing priorities, capable of handling rapid changes A knack for thinking critically and creatively A working knowledge of Microsoft Office Applications and Microsoft Windows OS – user level Working knowledge of ERP programs at the user level. Familiarity with hardware troubleshooting processes and best practices. A working knowledge of Linux – user level, is a plus, but not required Must possess a basic understanding and healthy respect for safety procedures A love for keeping records up to date and accurate. Great communications skills. Why Proofpoint As a customer focused and driven-to-win organization with leading edge products, there are many exciting reasons to join the Proofpoint team. We believe in hiring the best the brightest and cultivating a culture of collaboration and appreciation. As we continue to grow and expand globally, we understand that hiring the right people and treating them well is key to our success! We are a multi-national company with locations in 10 countries, with each location contributing to Proofpoint’s amazing culture! LI-JR1