SUMMARY Provides IT support to end users on a variety of issues; responds to telephone calls, and other requests for technical support; identifies, researches, and resolves technical problems regarding software and computer equipment; tracks and monitors problems to ensure timely resolution; keeps end users apprised of status of requests; utilizes Five Diamond customer service skills in all interactions. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: Answers user’s inquiries regarding computer software or hardware operation to resolve problems. Troubleshoots issues to properly diagnose user problem; applies understanding and knowledge of information systems products and services to assist internal users on routine matters; services all users with Five Diamond Service standards. Utilizes prescribed problem solving procedures to determine first step resolution based on nature of user issue (e.g., escalate to other personnel or management); instructs users on operating basic hardware components (e.g., disk drives, monitors, mouse, printer) to resolve issue/problem at user work station and may research situation to provide expedient resolution as necessary. Works in conjunction with team members and user base to fulfill service requests and accomplish small to large size projects; follows through on all service requests, ensuring end user receives detailed information regarding status of request and time frame for resolution; keeps management apprised of problems which may escalate; documents all help desk activity and identifies repeat patterns which may need to be addressed through an alternative process. Meets service level expectations and responds to tickets within required timeframe. Installs standard desktop software, i.e., Windows, MS Office; assists with assigning/deleting user logins and network resource definitions (printer); resets user passwords. Set up equipment for employee use, performing or ensuring proper installation of cables, operating systems, or appropriate software. Baseload computers with working image for distribution to users. Installs software to laptops/desktops. Updates established policy and procedure documentation; makes recommendations to changes in procedures of problem reporting and resolution as appropriate; maintains records, peripherals and software storage. QUALIFICATIONS: Associate's degree in computer science. Microsoft certification will substitute for associate's degree. Bachelor's degree or 2 plus years experience preferred. 1 year of experience working in a network Environment. 1 year of experience providing desktop support. Complex problem-solving and critical thinking skills Ability to multi-task multiple tickets and issues Excellent communication skills dealing with end users Sense of urgency Judgement and decision making, knowing when to escalate issues Strong attention to detail Active listening Ability to train and instruct Service orientation Time management Basic skills on windows operating systems including Windows 7 and Windows 10 Basic Microsoft Skills including Office, Outlook, and Skype, including online versions Troubleshoot system issues with users to determine the cause and resolution Able to troubleshoot video conferencing issues with Skype meetings Good working knowledge of laptops including, WIFI connectivity, VPN connection, Authentication (Okta), docking stations, laptop maintenance and operations. Basic skills in Active Directory including setting up accounts, disabling accounts, and security groups Demonstrated familiarity with printers, monitors, multiple screen displays, peripherals Proficiency with troubleshooting, baseloads, system updates and virus software. Working knowledge on Anti-Virus and malware software (McAfee) Office 365 User management and mailbox setup Office 365 troubleshooting for on premise and online versions. AAA Northeast is one of the largest and most innovative membership organizations in North America. It is a multi-business organization comprising more than 60 locations in a six-state area. We provide valuable roadside service to our 5.1 million members, as well as many specialized services such as Financial Services & Loans, Insurance, Travel, Discounts, Auto Glass, and Driver Training. AAA is a key advocate for issues impacting the traveling public, such as highway safety, road maintenance and related legislation. We have a unique organizational model and many of our businesses are the largest and most sought after in their industries. AAA Northeast employees help and serve as a way of life. Through a 100-year legacy of service stewardship, our employees make valuable contributions to our workplace and the community that surrounds us. In order to continue our mission, our organization is expanding and we need talented people to work alongside us in creating our next 100 years.