Job Title: Frontend Developer Position Overview We are looking for a user interface developer with experience in UI design as well as development. In this role, you will gather user requirements specific to the UI, design the visual elements for applications in the form of wireframes, and actually build the front end for these applications. We are looking for someone with creative UI/UX design skills as well as actual UI development experience. Responsibilities and Job Duties Gather and evaluate user requirements pertaining to the UI from internal and external stakeholders Translate concepts and user requirements into wireframes and mockups that lead to intuitive user experiences for digital products Build user stories and user journeys; design, iterate through, and refine wireframes and mockups optimized for a wide range of devices and browsers Develop new product UI and user-facing features using standard tools and technologies for Web development Collaborate with other team members to connect UI elements with back-end logic and help build end-to-end product functionality Develop unit tests for UI functions Qualifications and Skills Three or more years of UI/UX design and development experience; preference to be given to candidates with experience in designing and developing complex digital products and solutions Experience with UI design software like InVision, UXPin, Balsamiq, Framer.js, Quartz Composer, etc. Development experience with HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript; experience in applications with back-end and/or database components highly preferred; experience with advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks like Angular and React a huge plus Demonstrated ability to gather user requirements and design complete user experiences by iterating through candidate designs and solutions Great sense of usability in product design; good knowledge of UI/UX design best practices Experience with source control tools and unit test development Ability to clearly and effectively present design ideas and solutions to internal and external stakeholders About Beyond Limits Beyond Limits is a pioneering Artificial Intelligence company with a technology legacy in Space Exploration. A spinoff of NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab and Caltech, Beyond Limits provides advanced intelligence solutions that go far beyond conventional AI. Our cognitive computing technology mimics human thought processes and provides autonomous reasoning to aid human-like decision-making. Beyond Limits provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Beyond Limits complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Beyond Limits expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Beyond Limit’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.