Argent, a division of West Bend Mutual Insurance Company, is looking for a Loss Control Consultant to join their team. This is a field-based position, with the right candidate working out of their home. Great opportunity to enjoy the flexibility of managing your own workload! The responsibilities will include: Conducting onsite calls for the purpose of providing service to existing accounts. Conducting evaluations of exposures, hazards controls, and analyzing experience for prospective work comp accounts in excess of $100,000. Using loss related information to develop service plans, recommendations and reports to reduce losses while developing/strengthening management/administrative controls or physical conditions. Investigating risk exposures/accidents. Analyzing risk experience and developing account loss reduction procedures. Working with identified loss drivers and working towards controlling and containing associated costs. In addition, you will meet with prospective accounts to assist with quoting of new business, which includes analyzing loss related information/identifying loss drivers, development/delivery of recommendations to reduce losses, and prepare a written risk management report for underwriting. Additional responsibilities will include working with agents to foster and develop relationships and to secure new business. Conduct training presentations to supervisory, managerial, and/or executive employees of business clients and to large groups or associations. Effectively manage a service territory requiring some overnight travel while routinely working with the account base. Preferred Experience and Skills 5 years' experience in safety, loss control or related field Bachelor's degree in safety, loss control or related field Experience in 2 or more areas of loss control industry specialties to include but not be limited to: ergonomics, industrial hygiene, construction, healthcare, machine guarding and/or transportation Certified Safety Professional (CSP), ASP, CPCU, CLCS, OHST, ARM or related designation desirable Strong Interpersonal, presentation, marketing, and oral/written communication skills Proficient with Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint Knowledge of claim management principles and agency relations Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills Active listening and the ability to actively ask questions Good persuasion and decision-making skills are essential Valid driver's license In a competitive market for top talent, what sets West Bend apart? We are a mutual insurer. We offer stability and continued growth. We reward for performance - both at the personal and company level. Our leadership team will help ensure your success by partnering with you every step of the way. Whether it be from a training or support standpoint, your success is our success. Even though you’re in the field, you’re never alone. If this sounds like just the opportunity and company you’ve been waiting for to grow you career, then apply today.