Duties Summary The Volpe Center seeks a Data Scientist for our Policy Analysis and Strategic Planning Division, to serve as a member of a multi-disciplinary team that supports high-level policy initiatives that improve safety, resource, efficiency, and resilience. In particular, the employee will play a critical role in developing and applying innovative analytical approaches and performing computational algorithms and statistical methods that identify patterns and relationships in large datasets from a number of diverse sources. The employee is a subject-matter specialist who expands data science concepts and will be responsible for planning, developing, and coordinating assigned projects that involve automating processes to assess integrate, and prepare datasets, and performing spatial and non-spatial analysis of transportation systems. The employee should have experience that includes original research using cutting-edge data as well as considerable experience with a variety of different development environments and utilizing multiple programming languages. The ideal candidate will have demonstrated experience performing sophisticated spatial and statistical analysis of transportation data to assess safety, economic, social, and environmental impacts to support policy and operational decisions. As part of the team, you will be a key contributor during various stages of project life cycle, utilizing outstanding analytical and problem-solving skills and leveraging both commercial and open-source tools and applications to perform complex data analysis and develop innovative visualizations to communicate results to sponsors. The position requires you to exercise excellent interpersonal skills in the development, refinement, and management of project activities, and use considerable tact, imagination, strong listening skills, and resourcefulness when engaging with co-workers, sponsors, and other parties. A Master's degree or higher is preferred. PLEASE NOTE: This vacancy may be used to fill similar positions within 90 days for this location. Responsibilities As a Data Scientist, you will: Evaluate statistical data and analyze large spatial and non-spatial datasets. Utilize program languages, tools, and applications (e.g. Python, SQL, R, ArcGIS, Tableau, ggplot) for analysis and visualization of transportation data. Prepare presentations and technical reports to illustrate and explain analyses, tools, applications and findings. Apply project management skills to develop scopes of work, cost estimates, and schedules. Manage assigned tasks to deliver high-quality work on time, on budget, and within scope. Communicate effectively, verbally and in writing, as you manage project expectations and deliver results to Volpe staff, co-workers, sponsors, and other parties. Travel Required Occasional travel - Some travel is required. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 12 Who May Apply This job is open to… Applications will be accepted from any U.S. Citizen. Questions? This job is open to 1 group.