What You’ll Do Data Center Networking Group is developing the Nexus 9000 line of data center and cloud switches that feature application awareness to make the network infrastructure flexible and agile for dynamic response to application needs and virtual machine workload mobility. We also developed a 40G Ethernet transceiver designed to drastically lower the price of 40G optics to better challenge with other competitor switches. Who You’ll Work With The future of networking with ACI is about providing a network that is deployed, monitored, and managed in a fashion that supports DevOps and rapid application change. ACI does so through the reduction of complexity and a common policy framework that can automate provisioning and managing of resources. Cisco seeks a Software Engineer to define, design and build a flexible, scalable framework for the new data center network with Cisco Nexus Switches This role will work on a cutting edge data center switching/routing product. We are looking for candidates who strive in a fast paced start like environment. The work involves design and development in customized networking environment for some key system software. You will be part of a fast paced team responsible for delivering quality code for large complex systems requirements. Who You Are In this role as a User Interface Developer, you will: Interact with the UX design team on provided wireframes Implement infrastructure components Implement important customer facing features Resolve defects in a timely manner Participate in code reviews Minimum Qualifications Experience developing in HTML, CSS, and Javascript Solid understanding of algorithm design and analysis Solid understanding of common design Desired Skills Familiarity with client side frameworks such as React and AngularJS Familiarity with server side languages such as Python and Go Understanding of basic networking terminology and concepts Experience working with source control tools Why Cisco At Cisco, each person brings their rare talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco