Job Title Cloud Solution Architect Job Description Working for a worldwide leader in health technology brings much personal fulfillment, as well as unique challenges. As part of Philips, you will be responsible for… Extensive knowledge across all Services Offered by Health Suite Digital Platform,("HSDP") Deep understanding of cloud technologies and solutions in the industry, especially Amazon AWS. Representing HSDP in client engagements as the HSDP technical expert and evangelist Guide HSDP clients in building solution using HSDP services from Idea to realization. Hands on in developing solutions using HSDP services as a consumer of the services yourself Provide technical guidance to HSDP platform roadmap with the outside in view that will be unique to this role. Engage with HSDP clients at all levels, from business leaders to developers. Key areas of responsibilities for this role include: Technical Leadership Collaborative Hands-on Detail & Delivery oriented Decisive Agile mindset Business mindset Customer Service Specific skill requirements for this role include: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Math or similar technical discipline. MS degree desired. At least 10 years hands-on experience leading the design, development and deployment of business software at scale. Current hands on technology infrastructure, network, compute, storage, and virtualization experience. Solution development experience Client Engagement experience Expertise in REST API design. Expertise in Linux. Expertise in Java. Working knowledge in the Hadoop ecosystem. Working knowledge in ElasticSearch, Lucene and/or SOLR. Expertise in protocols/frameworks like OAuth2, SAML. Working knowledge of Nodejs. Working knowledge of Python. Working knowledge of Maven. Hands on experience with AWS services (EC2, ELB, RDS, S3). Expertise with advanced data modeling and real production expertise with large scale server systems. Working knowledge of database system internals for PostgreSQL - Indexing (btrees, GIN, GiST, SP-GiST, trigrams), database sharding/partitioning etc Proven track record of designing, building and delivering large-scale cloud based PaaS solutions. Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including group leadership. Ability to communicate complex concepts in a simple, business value context. Proven experience with software development life cycle (SDLC) and agile/iterative methodologies required. Expertise with advanced data modeling and real production expertise with large scale server systems. Demonstrated experience with highly-available and fault-tolerant enterprise and web-scale software deployments. Ability and passion necessary to maintain technical excellence with emerging technologies, including competitive technologies, while continuing to manage customer opportunities. Expertise and hands on experience with of Agile SDLC and Architecting for large agile teams. Ability to travel approximately 25% (quarterly) including International. This position is based in either our Cambridge, MA or Eindhoven, NL office. Why should you join Philips? Working at Philips is more than a job. It’s a calling to create a healthier society through meaningful work, focused on improving 3 billion lives a year by delivering innovative solutions across the health continuum. Our people experience a variety of unexpected moments when their lives and careers come together in meaningful ways. To find out more about what it’s like working for Philips at a personal level, visit the Working at Philips page on our career website, where you can read stories from our employee blog. Once there, you can also learn about our recruitment process, or find answers to some of the frequently asked questions. Philips is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetic information, creed, citizenship, disability, protected veteran or marital status. As an equal opportunity employer, Philips is committed to a diverse workforce. In order to ensure reasonable accommodation for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Veterans' Readjustment Act of 1974, and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, applicants that require accommodation in the job application process may contact 888-367-7223, option 5, for assistance. LI-PH1 Contact If you forgot your password, you can click the Forgot Password button on the Sign In screen to reset it. In case of technical difficulties, please send an email to careersite@philips.com. (Note: To ensure fairness and legal compliance in our recruitment processes, only technical issues will be monitored through the above inbox. Please do not submit resumes or applications to this email, as they will not be reviewed. Only applications received through the online application process will be considered.)