Do you have a passion for snooping through big data in innovative ways to not only root out online fraud, but also catch the cybercriminal behind the computer? Do you fancy yourself as a CSI Investigator who loves nothing more than to search for the missing pieces that will solve the mystery? If so, we may have the right job for you. Microsoft is seeking to hire an experienced cybercrime data analyst/investigator to join its Fraud Investigations Team. This team finds and drives closure of vulnerabilities that fraudsters exploit across all Microsoft’s ecommerce businesses and also identifies and disrupts groups and individuals who defraud Microsoft and its customers. We need a self-starter with drive and tenacity who will find unique and creative ways to disrupt fraud. You’ll work with one of the most forward-thinking teams in the industry to find and disrupt fraudsters around the world. You’ll support the fraud prevention team with data and intelligence to enable anti-fraud systems to perform at their peak effectiveness. You’ll also work with Microsoft attorneys, law enforcement, private investigators, and industry peers to take disruptive actions against cybercriminals and prevent future fraud. This is not a role for dashboard-generating automatons or flighty data academics. The cybercrime data analyst will square off against sophisticated and persistent fraudsters, mindbogglingly massive data sets, and a fast-paced and dynamic environment where the path to results is often ambiguous and always challenging. For the tenacious, inventive, and hard-working data sleuth; dueling in this arena can be loads of fun. Come join our team and help make Microsoft the safest place for people and companies all over the globe to buy and sell online! Responsibilities Work directly with Fraud Investigators, Data Scientists, Program Managers and Engineers in support of the Anti-Fraud mission Perform data analysis and reporting on large and complex data sets to find patterns and anomalies that can be used to bring cases against fraudsters and bolster the accuracy of the fraud prevention system Help identify and implement data and process enhancements to improve efficiency and team productivity Adhere to platform KPIs related to accuracy, decision time, and productivity Qualifications Desired experience and technical skills: Bachelor’s degree preferably in Computer Science, Engineering, Management Information Systems, Informatics, Statistics, or a similar field of study. Other relevant experience considered in lieu of specific degree. 3+ years of experience combining and analyzing large, complex data sets to detect anomalies, develop actionable insights, and generate tactical intelligence. Experience specifically detecting and analyzing fraud, abuse, or other unlawful activity in a large-scale financial system, identity system, advertising platform, and/or comparable environment is strongly preferred Experience conducting quantitative analysis, to include a working knowledge of descriptive statistics and how to apply them Excellent verbal and written communication skills to include the ability to clearly and succinctly explain analytical findings to a diverse array of audiences Advanced T-SQL scripting ability Advanced user of Microsoft Office products, especially Excel Experience coding C or comparable scripting language to transform/analyze data is strongly preferred Experience in ecommerce, online advertising, law enforcement, and/or investigations a plus Data visualization experience beyond Excel (Tableau, i2, or Maltego) a plus Comfortable working with analysts, engineering and data science teams acorss the company and industry Comfortable presenting and training colleagues Excellent spoken and written English Ability to implement others’ ideas and requests as well as generate your own Self-motivated, tenacious, strong team player Analytical and technical mindset Ability to plan and execute projects on behalf of a team with a wide range of tasks Desire to learn and improve constantly Desire to contribute to a world-class team on a world-class platform for a world-class company Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.