New York, New York About Avenues Begin by thinking Avenues New York, Avenues São Paulo, Avenues Shenzhen, Avenues Silicon Valley, Avenues London. Think of Avenues as one international school with multiple interconnected campuses. It will not be a collection different schools all pursuing different educational strategies, but rather one highly integrated learning community, connected and supported by a common vision, a shared education design and curriculum, world-class technology and a talented headquarters team in New York City. Avenues New York launched in 2011 and currently serves 1,550 students in grades Nursery – 12. Our second campus in São Paulo will open in August 2018. Avenues prepares students for engaged global citizenship in the twenty-first century, with an approach that combines language immersion, interdisciplinary teaching, a global curriculum, and a culture of creativity and deep collaboration. The Opportunity The Assessment Analyst for Teaching and Learning oversees the data capture, analysis and coaching derived from data to help drive improvements in student learning outcomes. This person will own monitoring student progress and interventions necessary to improve student learning outcomes. This is an ideal role for someone understands how to find patterns in data, connects learning gaps with specific interventions, and derives great joy coaching teachers and leaders to use insights gained from a variety of data sources more effectively. Responsibilities The Assessment Analyst for Teaching and Learning responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, the following: Determine how best to use the data we have at hand to answer the question, “What decisions do we need to make in order to improve student learning?” Drives data driven outcomes based on a coaching culture Successfully coaches Successfully coaches Associate Division Heads and Student Support Team to hold conversations with teams that incorporate the use of student learning performance as a driver for instruction and interventions. Drives improvement in student learning outcomes particularly in areas of greatest student need Establishes clear communication about performance of students as it relates to progress and intended learning outcomes for campus leadership team, division leadership team and SST teams Work in collaboration with others to Identify meaningful assessments that reflect important learning outcomes Helps drive common language around student performance and outcomes across the division (ex: all English teachers are normed when discussing student work) Maintains high standard of integrity and professional conduct (e.g., meets deadlines, follows school procedures, ensures students and faculty needs are met in a timely and efficient manner Qualifications 8 years of teaching experience with consistently strong student performance results Working knowledge and experience working with a variety of assessments for grades 6-12 Experience using data to drive interventions, instruction and student outcomes Experience leading adults Proven track record supporting senior staff, effectively managing their time and enabling them to achieve their goals Flexibility; rolls up sleeves to get the job done and gets the right work done even amidst ambiguity High degree of detail-orientation, personal organization and commitment to quality Strong written and verbal communication Thrives in collaborative environment Sense of deep personal responsibility for the organization's success Passion for education Bilingual in Spanish or Mandarin a plus Apply Now To learn more and apply, visit http://www.avenues.org/en/careers/ ( http://www.avenues.org/en/careers/ ) Avenues offers competitive compensation and a generous benefits package. Avenues is committed to diversity among our staff, and applicants of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.