ORGANIZATION SUMMARY Weatherford is one of the largest multinational oilfield service companies providing innovative solutions, technology and services to the oil and gas industry. The Company operates in over 90 countries and has a network of approximately 1,000 locations, including manufacturing, service, research and development, and training facilities and employs approximately 29,500 people. For more information, visit www.weatherford.com and connect with Weatherford on LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube and Facebook. Weatherford delivers innovative technologies and services designed to meet the world’s current and future energy needs in a safe, ethical, and sustainable manner. Grounded by our core values and inspired by our world-class people, we are committed to being a trusted business partner to those we serve. JOB DESCRIPTION DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: Strives to obtain a functional understanding of Weatherford operational requirements for any development task. Participate as a senior software development team member Estimate or assist in estimation of software modules to be developed. Provides technical support and advice to product owner Collaborates with other team mates to organize the team and the work to be performed Identifies impediments to completion of tasks and brings them to the attention of the other team members or manager for resolution Provides feedback to manager and team regarding ways to improve processes and performance Develops and assists in the design of high quality software, both new development and maintenance development, in a manner consistent with best practices and in adherence to Weatherford and team software development guidelines, rules, processes, and practices. Accepts coaching from more experienced team members and management. Provides coaching to less experienced team members. Collaborate cross-functionally with other internal and external team members to solve business and technical problems Performs unit tests on all software developed and, where possible, produces automated unit tests or testing scripts to aid in future development and regression testing Assists in system testing as required. May develop test use cases and assist in test planning. Documents software development in an appropriate manner consistent with Weatherford guidelines. Follows Weatherford guidelines related to the protection of intellectual property and avoiding unwarranted entanglement in non-Weatherford intellectual property Records progress towards completion of tasks within the sprint, including actual effort and expected remaining effort Keeps abreast of technological advancements in related fields and recommends training requirements to management May perform multiple roles within team as required, including standing-in as team leader. Learns new skills and areas of knowledge as required to assist in completion of tasks committed to for the sprint. QUALIFICATIONS Hands on experience with latest security standards (e.g. OpenId, OAuth etc.) Experience with IdentityServer Security concepts such as Authentication and Impersonation. Experience in working on Asp.Net or ASP.Net Core identity framework and membership providers. Experience in token based authentication/authorization (JWT bearer /SAML) Proficient in C (expectation is language, including language features LINQ, multithreading with Tasks and Async/Await etc) Programming for the .Net platform with an understanding of .Net specific concepts. Basic Microsoft SQL Server Administration (ideally 2012 or above) Proficient at T-SQL programming, schema design, and profiling and debugging T-SQL code. WCF Familiarity with software design patterns MVVM, Dependency Injection, and Inversion of Control. Good communications skills, both verbal and written. Proficient with Visual Studio 2015 and above in a TFS environment B.S. degree in computer science, engineering, math, physics, or related major and minimum 8 years of proven software development experience -or- Minimum of 10 years of proven software development experience with demonstrable record of advancement Minimum 5 years experience with C Minimum 5 years experience with Visual Studio Minimum 5 years experience working with small cross functional teams Minimum 5 years experience developing n-tier client/server or services applications Minimum 5 years experience with Microsoft .NET Minimum 3 years experience with Microsoft ASP.NET Minimum 3 years experience with database development Minimum 3 years experience working with TFS or other code management system _Preferred:_ ASP.NET / Core Development experience with MongoDB Experience with Enterprise Message Brokers e.g. RabbitMQ, Kafka etc. WPF Agile development, particularly Scrum Oilfield services or oil and gas knowledge Cloud services POSITION SPECIFIC DETAILS Weatherford offers competitive compensation and benefits upon hire; including paid vacation to start, matching 401K program, comprehensive benefits program, and employee stock purchase program (ESPP) and opportunities for on-going training and career development. VEVRAA Federal Contractor – Priority Referral Requested Weatherford is an Equal Opportunity Employer Females/ Minorities/ Veterans/Disabled and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.