Interested in being on the cutting edge of Cloud Services? Then come join Microsoft as an Embedded Escalation Engineer (EEE) working with Azure Big Data and related technologies. We are building an engineering team within support to be “the” differentiator in the marketplace and need the best and brightest to take our Big Data solutions to the next level. Responsibilities As an Embedded Escalation Engineer (EEE), you will be an important member of the Customer Service and Support (CSS) Data and Enterprise Cloud Support Engineering Team and a virtual member of the Azure Big Data Product Group. Your initial focus will be on Azure Data Factory Services. You will have the following key responsibilities: Lead engineering investigations to bring quicker issue resolution to support incidents impacting our customers and improve customer experience. Build solutions, help create tools, help automate issue detection and diagnosis, to enable customers or support to self-resolve the issues. Identify emerging trends or re-occurring escalation scenarios and drive engineering opportunities to mitigate and/or eliminate them from the workflow. This can include a range of potential work item categories; such as self-healing mechanisms, self-serve, transparency, automation, and/or increasing the capabilities for Azure support. Contribute to product improvements by filing impactful bugs, design change requests and helping developers to fix and ship them to production, preventing customers from being impacted. As a trusted advisor to the Microsoft Azure engineering team and the Serviceability Technology Lead, you will suggest changes to future versions to better equip our support teams as well as our partners and customers and help influence in-market solutions today. As a customer ambassador, you will also partner with engineering leadership for strategic technical, architectural and design discussions, and drive strategic thought leadership for Azure Diagnostics/UDE tools creation and usage worldwide bringing the customer voice to the center of impactful decisions. These strategic areas of focus will target our highest impact pain points for our partners, customers and team members. Able to work well in challenging situations while exhibiting flexibility and ability tolerate and manage through ambiguity and uncertainty. Beyond extensive technical and product focus, this role requires the ability to frame and communicate issues and recommendations clearly and concisely, show exceptional attention to detail, and demonstrate the ability to build broad relationships with the right influencers, leveraging those relationships to impact key business results. The successful candidate will have a solid understanding of the competitive landscape and use this understanding to influence decision makers in both support and the SQL Engineering Groups. It’s your chance to: Work directly with our Azure Big Data Product Group to provide world-class engineering support at a product component level. Perform complex product debugging and remediation when needed; working alongside the Azure Big Data development teams to drive support incident resolution for configuration, code, or other service deficiencies impacting customers. Embedded Escalation Engineers are not expected to write product code; however, should be able to apply their code skills and understanding towards efficiently resolving support issues as appropriate. Identify emerging trends or recurring escalation scenarios and drive engineering opportunities to mitigate and/or eliminate them from the workflow. This can include a range of potential work item categories; such as self-healing mechanisms, transparency, automation, and/or increasing the capabilities of Azure Big Data Services. Provide periodic on-call rotation (low frequency) service as primary response to service escalations. The position is primarily “behind the scenes” providing engineering support to the broader Microsoft Big Data support delivery teams for incidents that require product group engagement. At the same time, individuals should be capable and prepared to occasionally engage directly with customers to help facilitate incident resolution as appropriate. Qualifications Technical Skills: Microsoft Azure Platform: Cloud Computing Microsoft Azure architecture and its components (Fabric, Compute, Storage, RDOS, Management Portal) Microsoft Big Data: Familiarity with development: tools, language, process, methods, troubleshooting Experience with Data Integration solutions and services Experience with Open Source technology preferred Superior problem solving and troubleshooting skills, an ability to use various data collection tools and methodologies to analyze problems and develop solutions Development/Coding: Experience with C, JAVA, .NET, PowerShell, CLI, Microsoft Azure, T-SQL Service engineering and/or DevOps experience at internet scale involving user data and/or software development for an enterprise level product Soft Skills: Passion for technology and customer supportability Leadership - handle technically challenging and politically hot customer situations Strong communications skills - excellent spoken and written English communication skills and the ability to present complex technical issues clearly and concisely to a general audience Ability to drive meetings and discussions remotely with authority Ability to develop and nurture relationships over long distances and remote technologies like Skype Ability to partner within virtual teams and execute multiple technical initiatives simultaneously Ability to work collaboratively with the Engineering teams to drive architectural changes to improve stability of environments Ability to prioritize core role responsibilities vs. other work requests received Logical and critical thinking Ability to deal with ambiguity under continual deadline constraints Qualifications: To be successful in this role, the following skills and experience is desired: Basic Qualifications: At least 3 years of experience in a customer-facing or support role in any of the following: technical escalation support, product support, developer support, IT DevOps, IT Admin/support, Systems Development, or Consulting or IT/Network Operations. Ability to be based in Redmond, WA area. No relocation is available. Local candidates needed because of the nature of the work and alignment with the engineering teams, this job will be hired in Washington. Preferred Qualifications: Experience in a Tier 2/3 environment is preferred BS in computer science or engineering or equivalent industry experience is preferred. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.