Position Description As a Cloud Security Consultant, you will have the unique opportunity to partner with our clients to help them develop a strategy and roadmap for securing their Cloud assets against determined human and machine-based adversaries. As we are in start-up mode, your first focus will be on creating thought leadership as well as creative and repeatable ways to deliver public Cloud focused Security as a service. The successful candidate for this role will have a track record of recent, hands-on, public Cloud Security strategy development and extensive client interaction. Key Responsibilities In this role, the leader will: Work directly with clients to develop and clarify their Cloud Security strategy from a risk based perspective. Conduct Cloud Security readiness assessments and gap analysis of prospective Cloud platforms/environments. Be the ‘Go To’ on industry trends around cyber risks and Cloud Security Qualifications: The ideal candidate: Should have 3+ years of recent experience in public Cloud Security. Should have 10+ years of technology or Security experience. A personal style that is viewed as open-minded, willing to learn and humble. Ability and willingness to travel within the US up to 50% of the time (remainder of the time is from your home). Should have demonstrated ability to create and maintain c-suite relationships, act as Trusted Advisor and derive business from those relationships. Should have Security Consulting, Professional Services and/or Managed Services experience. Should possess deep technical expertise in two of the following domains: GRC, IAM, Infrastructure Security, Incident Response, Data Protection, Secure CI/CD (DevSecOps), Security Big Data Analytics or CASB (Cloud Access Security Brokers). Should possess a knowledge of enterprise Security environments. Knowledgeable of the threat landscape and common attack vectors. Educational Requirements: Holds Security certifications such as the CCSP, CCSK, AWS Solutions Architect or other related information Security related industry certification. Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 AWS Cloud Security PL1 Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Chicago, Illinois, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 31 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.