The purpose of this position is to support study design, analysis and result interpretation for multiple genetic and epidemiologic studies of common complex diseases in humans. In the beginning of a study, this involves considerations of study design, data management and quality control. In the data collection phase, this involves interim analyses, and the presentation of reports of these interim analyses. As a study matures, this involves participation in the final analysis plan, the actual data analysis and the statistical interpretation of study findings. _Department: School of Public Health_ _Location: Houston-TMC_ _FLSA: Exempt_ _Status: Full time_ Position Key Accountabilities: 1\. Conducts statistical analyses and reports. Conduct epidemiological/genetic statistical analyses on large sample sets using R and specialized software. 2\. Verify, clean and/or reformat raw genotypic and phenotypic data for database storage and analysis 3\. Performs statistical analyses from both large and small samples of data. 4\. Calculates medians quantities, percentiles and coefficients of correlation. 5\. Tests data for sampling errors and for significance differences between samples. 6\. Summarize and report analytical results 7\. Performs other duties as assigned. Certification/Skills: None Preferred: Professional competency in R or other scientific programming languages as appropriate to research focus. Familiar with Unix operating system. Working knowledge and experience in epidemiological studies, genome-wide association studies, and candidate-gene association studies. Minimum Education: Bachelor’s degree in related field. Minimum Experience: Two (2) years of experience in analysis and presentation of statistical data. May substitute required experience with equivalent years of education beyond the minimum education requirement. Physical Requirements: Exerts up to 20 pounds of force occasionally and/or up to 10 pounds frequently and/or a negligible amount constantly to move objects. Security Sensitive: This job class may contain positions that are security sensitive and thereby subject to the provisions of Texas Education Code § 51.215