The work location for this position is in Wrentham, MA. About the Agency: The Department of Developmental Services (DDS) is dedicated to creating, in partnership with others, innovative and genuine opportunities for individuals with intellectual disabilities to participate fully and meaningfully in, and contribute to, their communities as valued members. This position is located in Wrentham, MA for the Wrentham Developmental Center (WDC). The Facility is seeking to fill a Clerk III position. The facility is located on a 400 acre campus; providing services for a 293-bed facility serving the more complex medical, rehabilitative, educational, and recreational needs of adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities and challenges. Job Responsibilities : (The duties and responsibilities stated are general summary and not all inclusive.) The Clerk 3 will provide clerical support to the Wrentham Developmental Center Unit 1 Office. Clerical duties include, but are not limited to, maintaining the Unit filing system, mail distribution and answering telephones in a professional manner by taking detailed messages and providing routine information. The selected incumbent will be expected to operate standard office machines and equipment and oversee operation of same equipment by ordering and maintaining supplies as well as reporting maintenance issues. The Clerk 3 is responsible for payroll duties for all employees in Unit 1. This includes applying weekly employee schedules into SSTA, inputting overtime, adjusting attendance daily as recorded by unit supervisors, researching and correcting any time discrepancies, coordinating with Payroll and Facility Administration regarding employee paid holidays, and adhering to strict payroll guideline as communicated by the Payroll & Personnel Supervisor. The Clerk 3 is responsible for maintaining various Unit processes including preparing weekly time schedule, performance evaluations, resident clothing and property lists, requisitions, key monitoring forms, master schedule adjustments and ordering office supplies. The selected incumbent compiles weekly statistics on the status of vacancies, leaves of absence, available direct care personnel, and the facilities use of 1:1 hours, in preparation for Unit Director/Assistant Unit Director (UD/AUD) meetings. He/she will prepare and process personnel actions such as promotions, appointments, demotions, terminations, transfers, and leaves of absence by recording such actions and completing forms and forwarding for approval. Clerk 3 is also responsible for maintaining and updating seniority list for all Unit 1 employees. Clerk III is responsible for contacting telephone references for new hiring candidates and forward information to UD for input into Mass Careers. The Clerk 3 will retrieve information from files and post information to records according to established procedures. Under the direction of the UD/AUD he/she will develop, revise, and carry out work procedures in cooperation with other units. The Clerk 3 is expected to schedule and attend the monthly Unit Risk Team Meetings. The Clerk 3 works directly with the Unit Director and Assistant Unit Director in ensuring all follow-ups have been addressed. Clerk 3 is responsible for composing and distributing monthly Unit Risk minutes in a timely manner. Utilizing Microsoft applications, selected candidate will prepare various documents including letters, meeting minutes, standardized forms, organizational charts, statistical material, spreadsheets, and other miscellaneous correspondence as requested by the AUD/UD. Additional responsibilities of the Clerk 3 include handling and distribution of confidential resident and employee information. Clerk 3 is expected to greet employees, visitors and prospective candidates for hire. For help logging into/resetting your MassCareers profile, call the Employment Service Center @ 617-979-8500. A criminal background check (CORI) will be completed on the recommended candidate as required by the regulations set forth by the Executive Office of Health and Human Services prior to the candidate being hired. In addition, Chapter 234 of the Acts of 2014, An Act Requiring National Background Checks, requires the Department of Developmental Services to conduct fingerprint-based check of the state and national criminal history databases on the recommended candidate. For more information, please visit: http://www.mass.gov/hhs/cori http://www.mass.gov/eohhs/gov/departments/dds/fingerprint-background- checks.html Education, licensure and certifications will be verified in accordance with the Human Resources Division’s Hiring Guidelines. Education and license/certification information provided by the selected candidate(s) is subject to the Massachusetts Public Records Law and may be published on the Commonwealth’s website. This is a Civil Service Position. If there is no Civil Service list for this title, employees appointed must take and pass the next Civil Service examination when administered. For questions, please contact Human Resources’ Field Office staff at 508-866-8803. ALL EMPLOYEES ARE PAID ON A BI-WEEKLY BASIS AND MUST HAVE DIRECT DEPOSIT. SCHEDULE: Full-time 37.5 hour weekly position Schedule 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Monday - Friday Days off – Saturday and Sunday Qualifications First consideration will be given to those applicants that apply within the first 14 days. Applicants must have at least (A) two years of full-time, or equivalent part- time, experience in office work, or (B) an equivalent combination of the required experience and the substitutions below: I. A diploma as evidence of graduation from the commercial or business course of a recognized high school or vocational/technical high school may be substituted for a maximum of one year of the required experience. II. A diploma as evidence of graduation from a course other than the commercial or business course of a recognized high school or vocational/technical high school or possession of a Massachusetts high school equivalency certificate may be substituted for a maximum of eight months of the required experience. III. A diploma for completion of a one year, full-time, or equivalent part- time, program in a recognized, non-degree granting business or secretarial school above the high school level may be substituted for a maximum or one year of the required experience. IV. A diploma for completion of a two-year, full-time, or equivalent part- time, program in a recognized, non-degree granting business or secretarial school above the high school level may be substituted for the required experience. Education toward such a degree or diploma will be prorated on the basis of the proportion of the requirements actually completed.