In collaboration with the clinical lead, provides analytical support and coordinates quality management and performance improvement processes related to quality assessment; performance improvement; clinical documentation review; risk management; infection prevention and control; patient safety; and/or accreditation, regulation and licensing. Under the guidance of a program director or manager, responsible for collecting and researching data, performing data analysis, providing recommendations on data collection/reporting and presenting results. Essential Functions: Partners with clinical quality service lines to identify issues within operations for focus improvement efforts. Supports workgroups or committees (e.g. peer review). Prepares meeting materials including agendas and minutes; coordinates conference room logistics; monitors and follows up with action plans). In collaboration with the clinical lead, coordinates on-going, multiple projects (e.g. supporting the clinical service line model). Develops timelines and agenda items. Helps identify best methods and processes for performance improvement including developing project plans, facilitating group process, and training related to data collection/reporting. Supports groups through the full rapid improvement cycle. Helps identify and recommend actions to correct activities and processes. Analyzes, interprets information, and makes recommendations on data collection. Presents data in a graphical format to support leadership groups and committees' strategic planning and decision-making. Analyzes and compiles data into spreadsheets and databases. Helps identify and communicate alternative solutions to projects as needed. Abstracts data using Health Connect; runs reports and communicates results of analysis effectively to key stakeholders. Maintains and coordinates audits. Assists with developing audit methods to assess performance improvement and to ensure regulatory compliance. Based on audit results, creates and presents reports using various systems and databases (e.g. MIDAS focus studies). Kaiser Permanente conducts compensation reviews of positions on a routine basis. At any time, Kaiser Permanente reserves the right to reevaluate and change job descriptions, or to change such positions from salaried to hourly pay status. Such changes are generally implemented only after notice is given to affected employees.