35F Intelligence Analyst Job ID : 976421 Job Views : 96 Location: AUSTIN, Texas, United States ZIP Code: 78731 Job Category: Signal and Military Intelligence Posted: 08.02.2018 Age Requirements: Must be between the ages of 17 and 35 Job Description As an Army National Guard Intelligence Analyst, you will play a key role in the interpretation and exploitation of intelligence gathered from or about the enemy. Intelligence Analysts provide Army personnel with information about enemy forces and potential battle areas, and use information derived from all intelligence disciplines to determine changes in enemy capabilities, vulnerabilities, and probable courses of action. Your training may enable you to supervise, coordinate, and participate in the analysis, processing, and distribution of strategic and tactical intelligence. Specific duties of the Intelligence Analyst may include: preparation of all- source intelligence products; providing Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) Synchronization support; processing incoming reports and messages; determining the significance and reliability of incoming information; establishing and maintaining systematic, cross-reference intelligence records and files; integrating incoming information with current intelligence holdings; and the preparation and maintenance of graphics. By joining the Army National Guard, you will be preparing yourself for a rewarding civilian career. The skills you learn as an Intelligence Analyst will help prepare you for a future with Federal Government agencies, such as the Central Intelligence Agency or the National Security Agency. The training you receive in collecting, recording, analyzing and distributing tactical and technical intelligence information will prepare you for other fields, such as research or business planning. Earn while you learn Get paid to learn! In the Army National Guard, you will learn valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Job training for an Intelligence Analyst requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn basic Soldiering skills, and 13 weeks of Advanced Individual Training and on-the-job instruction, including practice in intelligence gathering. Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field. Requires military enlistment. Applicants must meet minimum qualifications. Actual MOS assignment may depend on MOS availability. Benefits subject to change. Benefits/Requirements Benefits Paid training A monthly paycheck Montgomery GI Bill Retirement benefits for part-time service Low-cost life insurance (up to $400,000 in coverage) 401(k)-type savings plan Student Loan Repayment Program (up to $50,000, for existing loans) Healthcare Benefits Available Requirements High School Diploma or GED Must be between the ages of 17 and 35 Must be able to pass a physical exam and meet legal and moral standards Must meet citizenship requirements (see NATIONALGUARD.com for details) Most non-prior service candidates will earn between $196.26 and $254.91 per drill weekend. Programs and benefits are subject to change. This position may qualify for a bonus, ask your National Guard recruiter for the most up-to-date information.