About Kirkland & Ellis Kirkland & Ellis LLP is a preeminent, full-service law firm with offices around the world and a staff as diverse as the practice areas we support. Our clients range from Fortune 100 companies to medium and small corporations, financial institutions, and private equity firms. Known for our commitment to excellence, Kirkland strives to provide superior service to our clients as well as our fellow employees. From Information Technology to Human Resources, Paralegal Services to Business Development, Kirkland offers non-attorney professionals challenging careers in a variety of functional areas. Whether starting or growing your career, Kirkland can offer a performance-driven culture filled with bright and innovative teams of co-workers. Essential Job Functions The Database Administrator II is responsible for the deployment, administration, and maintenance of all databases hosted on the Microsoft SQL Server platform.This person will work as a member of the firm wide database administration team which provides advanced Level 3 support for the SQL Server environment.They will investigate operational or systematic problems, provide resolution using advanced analytical skills and tools as necessary as well as be responsible for analyzing database performance issues, recommending tuning changes to improve performance.They will assist various project team(s) in completing project(s) with an advanced level of complexity. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Support, administer, and maintain development, test, and production environments. Work with project teams comprised of project managers, developers, application vendors, application engineers, and application users to provide DBA support for database deployments and upgrades. Create and maintain SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages. Review, deploy, and administer security for SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) reports. Troubleshoot server and database performance problems and identify solutions to resolve the problems. Administer SQL Server security and protect sensitive data. Adhere to the Firm’s IT Service Delivery standards and Change Control processes. Adhere to the Firm’s Security and Governance requirements across all administered applications. Develop and maintain troubleshooting, configuration, and integration documentation for administered systems. Function as a primary or backup DBA for assigned applications. Have a working knowledge of all database applications. Work with server engineers, storage engineers, and network engineers to resolve issues and prevent downtime. Provide 24x7 operational support. On-call support responsibilities are rotated among the members of the DBA team. Qualifications & Requirements _Education, Work Experience, Skills_ The Database Administrator II must have a BA/BS in computer science, related field, or equivalent experience with 5+ years' experience of Microsoft SQL Server Administration. The ideal candidate must have good judgment, problem-solving, oral, written and interpersonal communication skills, as well as the ability to work in a fast-paced environment and build positive working relationships. In addition, candidates must be self-motivated, organized, and able to multi-task and effectively prioritize competing demands. Database administration experience with SQL Server 2008 R2, 2012, 2014 and 2016. Proficiency with Transact-SQL including the ability to write, debug, and maintain scripts, stored procedures, functions, and views. Experience configuring and maintaining replication, log shipping, and database mirroring. Experience installing and configuring SQL Server on virtual machines and stand-alone servers. Experience developing SSIS packages. Experience optimizing and administering SSRS reports. A solid understanding of normalized database design and modeling. Optional Skills A working knowledge of Idera, RedGate, and SentryOne database tools. Proficiency with PowerShell scripting. Experience with SSRS report development. Experience with setup and administration of Always On availability groups. Experience installing and configuring SQL Server on fail-over clusters. _Technologies/Software_ Core Technologies: Microsoft SQL Server (Enterprise, Standard, & Express editions) Database Engine, Integration Services, Reporting Services Replication, Log Shipping, & Database Mirroring Transact-SQL Microsoft Windows Server (Enterprise & Standard editions) Microsoft Fail-over Clustering SAN Storage Third-party SQL Server Tools & Utilities Microsoft Office (including Visio) Structured Programming or Scripting (e.g. PowerShell, VBScript) Visual Source Safe FTP & sFTP Current K&E Technologies: SQL Server 2008 R2, 2012, 2014, & 2016 SQL Server Integration Services 2008 R2 & 2016 SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) 2012 Transactional & Merge Replication Synchronous & Asynchronous Database Mirroring Transact-SQL scripts, stored procedures, functions, & views Windows Server 2012 R2 & 2016 Server Virtualization Solutions such as Hyper-V & VMWare Idera Diagnostic Manager & Admin Toolset RedGate SQL Monitor, SQL Compare, & SQL Data Compare SentryOne SQL Sentry CozyRoc SSIS+ Microsoft Office 2016 Microsoft Outlook 2016 PowerShell 4.0