Are you passionate about customers? Come shape the way people and organizations around the world engage with Microsoft’s products and services. At Microsoft, we are going through the process of modernizing the way we run our business. We strongly believe in solving the key business challenges to drive the digital transformation with leading edge technologies. Our team, the Microsoft Knowledge and Growth team, is responsible for providing long term customer value across four pillars – Customer Mastery and Knowledge, Growth, Risk and Rewards. We are uniquely positioned at Microsoft to build knowledge and insights across all major consumer and commercial businesses based on an authoritative understanding of our customers and a unified view of their engagement across all Microsoft channels and touchpoints. Responsibilities We are looking for a passionate information design engineer with strong hands- on experiences building complex, large scale systems. This role provides a valuable opportunity to not only flex your creative brain but also provide broad thought leadership to drive customer engagement and the value proposition of our core platform capabilities. As part of our team, you will be responsible for the information design of our services and engage with our partner teams to design underlying models that deliver on the business requirements and result in high-quality customer data and insight. You will have the opportunity to build state of the art tools and services to enable and execute industry leading customer data management practices. Qualifications Requirements: Strong passion for technology, sense of curiosity and willingness to learn, share and improve Strong track record of shipping software and services at scale in a fast-paced agile environment. Passion for building big data services including data analysis and data modelling. 5+ years of experience with distributed systems, scalable web services/applications, service-oriented solutions. Mastery of data structures and design patterns. Outstanding design and problem-solving skills, with a strong bias for quality and engineering excellence Demonstrated ability and experience in the entire services development cycle: design, implementation, deployment, and live site. Outstanding communication and collaboration skills, ability to work effectively in small team environments. Bachelor’s degree or higher or equivalent experience in Computer Science or related field. Master’s in CS is preferred. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. USTJOBS