HomeAway , a world leader in the vacation rental industry, is the place to book beach houses, cabins, and condos with more than two million places to stay in 190 countries. The site makes it easy to find and book the perfect vacation rental for any getaway, often for less than the cost of traditional hotel accommodations. HomeAway is part of the Expedia Group family of brands. The Opportunity: HomeAway is looking for a driven individual to join the Clickstream Analytics team to help drive the next generation data products we are building for internal customers. Join the Clickstream Analytics team: Develop a deep understanding of HomeAway’s first party clickstream data that power the analysis of our site and mobile app usage. Implement supportable framework in our reporting and visualization tool Looker. Establish best practice implementing data models that unlocks exploring clickstream data products such as funnel reporting and conversion analysis. Serve as a subject matter expert for clickstream analytics when we perform POC on new platforms and technologies as we move to performant ways to analyze and explore the large clickstream data set. Perform data modeling and prepare data in databases for reporting through various analytics tools. Document and disseminate knowledge to team members and the wider organization. Requirements: Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering (or a related field). 3+ years experience with transactional or clickstream data sets in a large scale environment. 3+ years of enterprise data warehouse development and support. Experience with big data stacks building data pipelines for clickstream or transactional data. Understand data infrastructure and translate to front end tools. The user will be working with the following stack: S3 (storage), Qubole (Data Management), Presto (Analysis Engine), and Looker (Reporting/Visualization). Required Experience: 3 years or more with enterprise data analytics tools (ex. Looker, Tableau, QlikView, PowerBI etc) Experience building data pipelines and analytics systems on distributed data systems. 1+ years user level experience with cloud services (AWS). Experience in Scala or Python scripting. 1+ year experience with relational SQL 2+ years experience in Spark. Familiarity with continuous integration and delivery. Familiarity with software development methods and techniques. Experience working within an agile framework. Strong communication skills. Nice to have skills: Experience in Clickstream domain (tracking libraries, server-side logging, canonical event model, data & self-service analytics) a huge plus. Customer focused: (C-team, Engineers, Leaders etc.) communications with influence and transparency. Understanding of NoSQL technologies. High preference for individuals with Looker development and administration experience. Benefits & Perks: Competitive health and insurance benefits. Competitive salary. Annual target bonus or commission. Paid vacation and sick time. Vacation rental on a yearly basis (taxable benefit). Employee Stock Purchase Program. Free snacks and beverages. Frequent company update talks with our leadership team. Free listing on HomeAway.com. Electronic, adjustable stand-up desk. Discounted Metro & Rail pass. Casual dress. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.