As an experienced professional in our Cybersecurity organization, you’re equally committed to watching over our data today, as well as finding innovative new ways to protect it in the future. To do that, you’ll help lead a highly motivated team laser-focused on analyzing, designing, developing and delivering solutions built to stop adversaries and strengthen our operations. You’ll use your leadership skills to give guidance, best practice advice and support across all our business and technology groups. You’ll take the lead on incident response, risk reviews and vulnerability assessments, identifying threats, all of which ladder up to driving and selecting cost-effective solutions. You’ll deploy best practices, new policies, and emerging trends to strengthen our strategic roadmap. You’ll keep management, executive directors, managing directors and stakeholders in the loop, as well as managing people and budgets. As part of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s global team of technologists and innovators, your work will have a massive impact, both on us as a company, as well as our clients and our business partners around the world. Working in Cybersecurity takes pure passion for technology, speed, a constant desire to learn, and above all, vigilance in keeping every last asset safe and sound. You’ll be on the front lines of innovation, working with a highly- motivated team laser-focused on analyzing, designing, developing and delivering solutions built to stop adversaries and strengthen our operations. Your research and work will ensure stability, capacity and resiliency of our products and emerging industry trends. Working in tandem with your internal team, as well as technologists and innovators across our global network, your ability to identify threats, provide intelligent analysis and positive actions will stop adversaries and strengthen our data. This position is responsible for eyes on glass monitoring and resolution of security incidents. As an Attack Analyst / Cyber Security Incident Response Analyst you will use defensive measures and information collected from a variety of sources to detect, analyze, and mitigate events that occur or might occur within the network in order to protect information, information systems, and networks from threats. Core Responsibilities for the Attack Analyst / Cyber Security Incident Response Analyst (CSIR) : Receive and analyze network alerts from various sources within the enterprise and determine possible causes of such alerts Provide timely detection, identification, and alerts of possible attacks/intrusions, anomalous activities, and misuse activities, and distinguish these incidents and events from benign activities Identifies false-positives and false-negatives from alerting Create and test new alerting opportunities based on analytical methods like anomaly detection, or to detect malicious techniques Correlate incident data to identify specific vulnerabilities and make recommendations that enable expeditious remediation Aide in cybersecurity incident response efforts This position is anticipated to require the use of one or more High Security Access (HSA) systems. Users of these systems are subject to enhanced screening which includes both criminal and credit background checks, and/or other enhanced screening at the time of accepting the position and on an annual basis thereafter. The enhanced screening will need to be successfully completed prior to commencing employment or assignment. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: Minimum of 2 years of experience working in a Security Operations Center functioning in a Security Analysis, Incident Response, Attack Analysis, or Computer Network Defense (CND) capacity in a in a large, mission-critical environment This role requires experience effectively communicating event details and technical analysis, technical audiences within the global cyber organization and other technology groups TCP/IP, IPv6, UNIX, Windows, HTTP and related network tools is required The ideal candidate will have a technical background with significant previous experience in a large enterprise environment with the following: Comprehensive understanding of regular expressions Understanding of database structure and queries Knowledge of common network tools (e.g., ping, traceroute, nslookup) Comprehensive understanding of network services, vulnerabilities and attacks Ability to conduct packet analysis, decode and perform packet-level analysis using appropriate tools (e.g., Wireshark, tcpdump) Skilled in conducting vulnerability scans and recognizing vulnerabilities in security systems Knowledge of Intrusion Detection System (IDS) tools and applications Knowledge of intrusion detection methodologies and techniques for detecting host and network-based intrusions via intrusion detection technologies Experience with Malware / Reverse Engineering with ability to assist in Static and Dynamic Analysis Knowledge of how to troubleshoot basic systems and identify operating systems-related issues Knowledge of Windows/Unix ports, services and command line (Unix command line Comprehensive knowledge of network design, defense-in-depth principles and network security architecture Experience with reviewing raw log files, data correlation, and analysis (i.e. firewall, network flow, IDS, system logs) Skilled in network mapping and recreating network topologies Experience with a scripting language such as Perl, Ruby, Python, and BASH Experience in host forensics Experience in log analysis and security event correlation Your expertise in cyber, combined with your desire to provide innovative security services, will be an asset to our Cybersecurity team. Help deliver high-quality security solutions across all our lines of business around the world by creating, designing, implementing, and maintaining next-level technology. The work you’ll do is vital, as it will protect over $18 trillion of assets under custody and $393 billion in deposits every day. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you’re not just working at a global financial institution. You’re an integral part of one of the world’s biggest tech companies. In 14 technology hubs worldwide, our team of 40,000+ technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $9.5B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will not only transform the financial services industry, but also change the world. At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we’re building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you’re looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you. It's time to take your career to the next level, and we can help. Apply today.