Work closely with clients, business analysts and team members on major projects to understand the business requirements that drive the analysis and design of quality technical solutions that align with business and IT strategies and are in compliance with the organization’s architectural standards. Provide support in the full systems life cycle that may span a broad range of applications to ensure application software is delivered on time and within budget. Code applications or enterprise wide software systems using a disciplined development process. Integrate solutions with other applications and platforms outside the framework. Create data extracts and reports from system based on requirements. Develop, execute, and document unit test plans. Support and/or execute all testing efforts across the life cycle. Identify technical requirements. Create technical design specifications and assist in sizing technical requirements, as needed. Assist and review technical design specifications developed by junior levels. Lead the deployment of new modules upgrades and fixes to the production environment, as needed. Make modules production-ready by moving them to libraries, completing forms and version control documents, following procedures, etc. Validate deployment. Evaluate new application packages and tools and performs research on best practices. Provide recommendations for solutions. Assist in production support. Troubleshoot existing information systems to identify errors or deficiencies and develops solutions. Provide ongoing maintenance applications. Evaluate existing applications and platforms and provides recommendations for improving application performance by conducting gap analysis, identifying feasible alternative solutions, and assisting in the scope of modifications. Participate on teams that outline the process and scope out the improvements that can realized through the application solutions. Document functions and changes to new or modified modules and test activities/results and other areas such as error handling and backup/recovery procedures. Assist in the development of user guides and training documentation for systems. Participate in project planning processes. Develop work plan timelines and manages workflows to meet project timeframes, as needed. Identify best sources of data feeds and interfaces with architects to ensure their feasibility with corporate data warehouse, when needed. Adhere to standards and procedures; check for compliance. May assists in defining development guidelines and standards. Review modules for quality assurance. Prepare and present formal training to IT staff, as needed. Provide technical leadership, coaching and mentoring to team members. Provide technical guidance or systems process expertise. Develop reports and presentations for senior management, as needed. Other duties may be assigned. Qualifications EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE Bachelor's degree in related field preferred. Five (5) years of application programming and analysis experience required. Broad level of understanding surrounding information systems and application architecture standards required. Experience designing, developing and testing applications using proven or emerging technologies required. Project management and experience leading projects preferred. DEPARTMENTAL PREFERENCES Experience developing in the Salesforce environment (5 years) APEX technology experience (5 years) Sales Force Certification in Platform Developer or higher Agile development specifically scrum including Requirements Management and user story development (5 years) Knowledge of ETL Tools, Informatica preferred. Understands and leverages the Salesforce provided APIs and components of Salesforce AppExchange Acts as a primary liaison with the user area for development and modifications to existing Salesforce Service Cloud applications. OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES Demonstrated ability to analyze and interpret complex problems or processes that span multiple business areas, identify and understand requirements, and develop alternate solutions. Understand the necessity and value of accuracy and attention to detail ability to process information with high levels of accuracy. Expertise in multiple technical environments and possesses business knowledge that spans one or more business areas. Written and verbal communication skills. Ability to work independently, or within a team environment. Other related skills and/or abilities may be required to perform this job. _All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other grounds, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, gender identity, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability._ Job Information Technology Primary Location Detroit Organization Health Plan Business IT-7111 Schedule Full-time