As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For detailed information on Benefits for this position, click here. The University of Washington Bothell is one of the most dynamic public universities on the West Coast. We offer a participatory student experience grounded in hands-on learning, close relationships with faculty members as teachers and mentors, and the personalized support of staff who are dedicated to student success. The academic work of the campus focuses on cross- disciplinary research and creative practice, connected learning, and community engagement. UW Bothell’s current enrollment is approximately 5,500 students. More than 90 percent of undergraduates are from Washington State, and approximately half are first-generation college attendees or come from underrepresented groups. Located along wetlands and a river north of Seattle, UW Bothell builds vibrant regional partnerships, creates and disseminates new knowledge, and prepares students for leadership throughout Washington and beyond. Diversity is a core value of University of WA Bothell. We believe the power of diversity enriches all of us by exposing us to a range of ways to understand and engage with the world, identify challenges, and to discover, design and deliver solutions. To learn more, read our Diversity Statement (www.uwb.edu/diversity). The University of Washington Bothell has an outstanding opportunity for an Assistant Vice Chancellor of Information Technology and Chief Information Officer (CIO). Reporting to the Vice Chancellor for Planning and Administration, the Assistant Vice Chancellor and CIO will guide the development and implementation of an IT strategy that will help lead and support teaching, learning, research, and administrative services. The CIO will partner with senior university leaders and stakeholders in developing and implementing innovative and cost effective technology initiatives and programs. This position will provide leadership and coordination in the development of policy and implementation strategies for the rapidly changing information technology environment. One of the goals of the Information Technology division is to partner with the Learning Technologies team in Academic Affairs, whose focus is the improvement of the teaching, learning and research environments through the effective and appropriate use of technology. The Assistant Vice Chancellor of Information Technology and Chief Information Officer is the head of the Information Technology division and serves as a key member of the university leadership team. The CIO will focus on the strategic use of resources, service rationalization, cost benefit analysis and rely on the IT leadership team to oversee the delivery, assessment, maintenance, and security of IT services and infrastructure to meet users’ needs, ensure a high level of customer satisfaction, and support innovation. RESPONSIBILITIES: Participate in and provide leadership in campus-level and IT level strategic planning and ensure that information technology decisions and operations are aligned with the institution’s strategic plan and multi-year budget models. Oversee a complex cost effective IT budget, including campus-wide equipment replacement. Work collaboratively with administrators, deans, directors, faculty, academic and administrative staff, and students in identifying effective uses of technology to advance operational, research and learning objectives. As appropriate, partner with University of Washington Information Technologies to capitalize on economies of scale, including external agreements and licenses. In partnership with the leaders in Planning & Administration, review and develop contracts and license agreements in terms of liability, compliance, risk management and data security. Support faculty and staff in the identification of technologies that support the expansion of technology. Collaborate with campus leadership in planning for disaster recovery, IT security and business continuity. Identify opportunities for the appropriate and cost-effective investment and realignment of financial resources in technology systems and resources, including staffing, purchasing, software as a service, and in-house development. Lead and manage change as campus needs, processes and strategies are identified and addressed. Provide for ongoing assessment of IT services to ensure they meet current and future system demands and institutional needs. Provide for continual skill and professional development among technology staff. Maintain a strong collaborative relationship with IT leadership at Cascadia College around network infrastructure issues. Collaborate with and provide technology leadership for campus departments and programs, the higher education community, and other groups. Collaborate with Planning & Administration units to support databases and systems. Oversee the major functions of the Information Technologies department (network services, web services, database services, desktop management, and user support). LEADERSHIP COMPETENCIES OF THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE: Seasoned Judgment: applies broad knowledge and seasoned experience when addressing complex issues; defines strategic issues clearly despite ambiguity; considers all critical information when making decisions; makes timely, tough decisions; foresees obstacles and opportunities. Strategic Ability: has a clear vision for the IT operation; maintains a long-term, big picture view; translates broad strategies into specific objectives and action plans; align the organization and allocate resources to support strategic priorities; anticipate risks and devise contingency plans to manage them. Inspiring Trust: Establishes open, candid, trusting relationships; treats all individuals fairly and with respect; behaves in accord with expressed beliefs and commitments; maintains high standards of integrity. Collaboration and Teamwork: Promotes a free flow of information and communication throughout the organization (up, down, across); listens actively, encourages open expression of ideas and opinions; promote collaboration and remove obstacles to teamwork; celebrate and reward achievements; share ownership, visibility and credit for success. Interpersonal Savvy: Realistically appraises own strengths and weaknesses; acknowledge own mistakes and limitations; maintains a positive outlook; works constructively under pressure; responds resourcefully to change and ambiguity; uses diplomacy and tact. Change and Resilience: Comfortable with risk and uncertainty; involves those affected by change in planning and implementation of change; is confident and steady during difficult times; models positive attitude toward change; successfully manages resistance to new ideas and initiatives. REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in computer science, business administration, public administration, or related field. At least 9 years of progressively responsible leadership experience in information technology, encompassing strategic planning, budgeting, change management and process improvement. Leadership experience in a highly complex matrixed environment. Understanding of the opportunities and challenges facing higher education. Demonstrated commitment to collaboration; Experience building strong collaborative relationships with partners outside of IT. Demonstrated success leading initiatives focused on transformational change, within IT and the larger organization. An understanding of the spectrum of IT activities, including technology infrastructure, academic and research computing, and administrative systems; Candidates with a background in cybersecurity and risk management will receive special consideration. Demonstrated commitment to advancing inclusiveness and diversity. Experience as a skilled departmental leader and administrator; proven ability to manage resources (human, financial and physical) to maximize productivity, build teams and assure the highest quality work. Demonstrated capacity to develop the talents and expertise of staff so that they are able to assume expanded responsibilities; proven ability to recruit and retain well-qualified, high performing professionals and empower them to succeed. _Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except when there are legal requirements, such as a license/certification/registration._ CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT: