Schedule: Tu-Sa 10:30a-7:00p Basic Purpose: The Forensic Scientist I works within the Forensic Toxicology Laboratory and cooperates with and responds to direction from the Supervisor and/ or Group Lead on achieving work objectives. This position reports to and is managed and evaluated by the Department Supervisor. This position is responsible for all aspects of testing of donor specimens including specimen preparation and instrument operation. Duties and Responsibilities: 1\. Maintain chain of custody of forensic specimens and follow approved sample handling procedures. 2\. Maintain competency in the following areas: follow all written procedures in departmental SOP, prepare and verify performance of all new reagents, ensure that all required calibrators and quality control samples are included in each batch, demonstrate good analytical technique with minimal failed loads, capable of performing routine maintenance of equipment utilized in area of responsibility, capable of programming sequence table for sample analysis, capable of basic data review. 3\. Maintain legible and complete documents. 4\. Maintain clean and organized work area. 5\. Perform and document checks of temperature dependent equipment. 6\. Participate in completion of method and/or instrument validation studies to quality standards. 7\. Participate in validation of new calibrators, controls and new or modified analytical procedures. 8\. Maintain acceptable productivity & quality levels, and notify Supervisor and/or Group Lead of equipment or production problems. 9\. Complete assigned continuing education activities and competency verification checks. 10\. Follow the direction of the Supervisor and/or Group Lead and adhere to all company and department policies. 11\. Complete all required quality control and quality assurance documentation related to job function. 12\. Follow work schedule as defined by the Supervisor. 13\. Maintain professional work environment. 14\. Other duties as assigned by the Supervisor. Supervision Exercised: N/A Qualifications: Education Preferred: Bachelor of Science or Art degree with a minimum of fifteen (15) semester hours in Chemistry, fifteen (15) semester hours in Biology, and three (3) semester hours of Mathematics; or applicable regulatory requirements. Work Experience: Minimum of one (1) year laboratory experience preferred Knowledge of methods and procedures used by the laboratory preferred Physical and Mental: Ability to perform routine and repetitive motions, such as pipetting Ability to stand or sit for long periods of time Other: N/A