Data Visualization Consultant Location: Boston, MA Do you have a passion for working with data? If you’re interested in utilizing Tableau to tell a deep and insightful story to the client, this is the opportunity for you! Job Description The Data Visualization Consultant is a reliable independent contributor, taking our data and transforming it into a beautiful visualization for our clients. In addition to having an artistic eye, this individual is also proficient at working with large, varied datasets and capable of presenting the results to QuickPivot team members and clients. Data Visualization Consultant is a curious, driven, and highly organized individual that has the skills and passion for taking our data and transforming it into a narrative that will ultimately drive business\marketing decisions. This is a contract position of one month. Responsibilities: Perform marketing operations activities independently, including segmentation, campaign configuration, reporting and email/message building Identify and drive resolution of issues for the client Provide analytics reporting and recommendations Participate in workshops along with more senior members of the team with marketing and technology subject matter experts Contribute to the development of business requirements and functional specifications in support of the client Collaborate with technical services to translate functional specifications into a technical design Participate in system and user testing activities and drive client acceptance Contribute to the ongoing improvement of the QuickPivot managed services methodology Identify possible new functionality that better meets client needs What we are looking for: 1-2 years of relevant quantitative and qualitative analytics experience Experience with finance analytics, especially data science metrics. Proficiency with database technologies like SQL Strong communication skills Tableau Storyboard experience Skills that set you apart: Experience with Working With Data Science Modeling data Experience with Finance Industry Data Science or Data Analytics Degree Come join our Boston-based team on our mission to empower marketers to build customer journeys that help them find, win, manage, and retain customers across channels. About QuickPivot: QuickPivot delivers fast, powerful, easy-to-use software for smart and nimble marketers with big ideas. The QuickPivot platform combines big data analytics, discrete customer insights, intuitive visual segmentation, and simple customer journey mapping in one unified SaaS offering. Winner of several industry innovation awards, the QuickPivot platform enables marketers to deliver coordinated customer experiences across all channels, measure results in real- time, and refine marketing programs to improve results. As brands look for cost-effective ways to drive rapid campaign creation and execution, QuickPivot is emerging as the vendor of choice. That’s why clients like HP, Allen Edmonds, the NHL and over 20 channel partners are turning to QuickPivot.