The Data Security Analyst will be responsible for analyzing, and implementing the best practices and solutions to manage or security on day to day operations basis. The Data Security Analyst ensures that the information stored on computers and/or networks is not disclosed to unwanted parties or modified inadvertently, and will maintain and update our company’s security systems. If the data is compromised, the Data Security Analyst will repair the damage and take measures to seal the security hole that enabled the data compromise. PRINCIPAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: (Core Competencies) The Data Security Analyst will: Assists in the design, implementation, and enforcement of security policies that protect systems and data from access by unauthorized users. Creates procedures for data access, protection, and backup. Investigates security violations and modifies procedures to prevent future incursions. Reviews changes to information systems to ensure compliance with security standards. Installs and provides maintenance of security software, penetration tools, DLP, IDS, Antivirus. Instructs computer users on security. Partner collaboratively with the Operations Trainer on creating content specifically on how to educate uses about social engineering and phishing and scam emails. Ensuring networks are free of breaches. CREDENTIALS AND EXPERIENCE: 3 years of experience in System Administration, Network Administration. 3 years of experience working with penetration tools, DLP, IDS, and Antivirus. Bachelor’s degree. - Preferred but not required. PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS: Work in an office environment; sustain posture in a seated position for prolonged periods of time; use hands to grasp and reach; occasionally stoop or kneel; see, hear, and speak with sufficient acuity to successfully perform all aspects of the job; use telephone and write or use a keyboard to communicate through written means; lift up to ten pounds of weight. This position is Contract-to-Hire