About Capgemini A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 200,000 team members in over 40 countries. The Group reported 2017 global revenues of EUR 12.8 billion (about $14.4 billion USD at 2017 average rate). Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count. Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant -http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law Qualifications The purpose of this role is to be an active support in the Information Security area. The person holding this position will be mainly involved in handling of Information Security incidents, Information Security risks and IT risks. • Implement, maintain and improve information security aspects of the Integrated Management System by monitoring and ensuring compliance to Capgemini standards, policies, and procedures Specialized/Practical Knowledge Strong IT background (degree in IT or similar) Broad understanding of IT environment (MS Windows, Active Directory, network devices, firewalls) Basic programming skills Ability to work independently as well as part of the team Ability to communicate clearly and concisely Decision Making Good MS Office skills Very good command of English CISSP or CISA certification Additional assets: oSharePoint oBasic programming skills oSecurity training or certificate (e.g. Security+, CEH) oWireshark, Burp Suite, OWASP Zed Attack Proxy Candidates should be flexible / willing to work across this delivery landscape which includes and not limited to Agile Applications Development, Support and Deployment.