Administrative Secretary Position Number 993833 Requisition No. S00885 Salary Range/Pay Rate $39,693 annually. Position Notes This position is an Oakland University Professional Support Association- MEA/NEA position. The incumbent will be represented by the MEA/NEA. This position will remain open a minimum of five (5) working days. External applicants may be considered. Qualified bargaining unit members will receive interviews and initial consideration. Employee Group/Grade C-7 Job Category Clerical-Technical Work Schedule FT/Reg (40 hours) Shift/Days This is a full-time position. Pay Schedule Month Number of Hrs./Wk. 40 Position Information Position Information Minimum Qualifications High school graduation or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Three years progressively responsible secretarial experience. Familiarity with university policies, rules, and regulations. Possess keyboarding skills necessary to perform successfully in this position, minimum 30 wpm. Ability to select, assemble and organize data and edit reports. Ability to compose routine correspondence. Ability to effectively interact with the public, students, faculty, and staff. Ability to perform general bookkeeping/clerical accounting. Ability to prioritize and expedite work assignments of the unit. Ability to operate standard office equipment. Knowledge of proper grammar, spelling and punctuation and ability to utilize proper standard office source manuals. Desired Qualifications All Qualifications Unless otherwise required by an applicable collective bargaining agreement, all minimum, additional and desired qualifications are preferred, but qualifications, degrees, and/or experience deemed comparable and/or equivalent by Oakland University in its sole and exclusive discretion may be considered. Additional Qualifications Ability to perform the functions consistent with intermediate word processing, intermediate spreadsheet, and intermediate database applications as demonstrated by a skills assessment. Position Purpose To provide responsible secretarial services and operational office assistance for an assistant or associate dean, chairperson, director or principle administrator of a school, department, institute, or administrative unit.