Introduction 9976 Technology Expert I Epic Implementation Team Applications Business Analyst: Grand Central / Cadence San Francisco Department of Public Health APPOINTMENT TYPE : This is a Temporary Exempt (TEX Category 18) recruitment that may not exceed three (3) years. Exempt employees are considered "at will". These positions are excluded by the Charter from the competitive Civil Service examination process and shall serve at the discretion of the Appointing Officer. Position Description: The San Francisco (SF) Department of Public Health (DPH) will be implementing the Epic electronic health record (EHR). Under the direction of an IT Epic Program Management Director, the Epic Application Business Analyst (s) implement most if not all the various parts of the systems development cycle, systems analysis, design and build, project planning, system I installation, implementation and testing, conversion to production status, technical and procedural documentation, user training support, and post-implementation analysis and support. The Epic Applications Team is responsible for designing, testing, and implementing the clinical and financial aspects of the SF DPH EHR. This includes integration and interoperability with other third party clinical and financial systems and devices. The ideal candidate will understand the use of Epic EHR in the hospital, long term and ambulatory care settings. This position will manage the various Epic EHR and associated integration with various diagnostic/ancillary systems and devices. Minimum Qualifications Education: An associate degree in computer science or a closely related field from an accredited college or university OR its equivalent in terms of total course credits/units [i.e., at least sixty (60) semester or ninety (90) quarter credits/units with a minimum of twenty (20) semester or thirty (30) quarter credits/units in computer science or a closely-related field]. Substitution: Additional experience as described below may be substituted for the required degree on a year-for-year basis (up to a maximum of two (2) years). Experience: Five (5) years of experience in the information systems field, including system analysis, business process design, development and implementation of business application solutions or IT project management. Certificate(s): The ideal candidate(s) must be certified in the Epic modules Grand Central ADT and Cadence. How To Apply Applications for City and County of San Francisco jobs are only accepted through an online process. Visit www.jobaps.com/sf to register an account (if you have not already done so) and begin the application process. Select the desired job announcement Select “Apply” and read and acknowledge the information Select either “I am a New User” if you have not previously registered, or “I have Registered Previously” Follow instructions on the screen Computers are available for the public (from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Monday through Friday) to file online applications in the lobby of the Dept. of Human Resources at 1 South Van Ness Avenue, 4th Floor, San Francisco. Applicants may be contacted by email about this announcement and, therefore, it is their responsibility to ensure that their registered email address is accurate and kept up-to-date. Also, applicants must ensure that email from CCSF is not blocked on their computer by a spam filter. To prevent blocking, applicants should set up their email to accept CCSF mail from the following addresses (@sfgov.org, @sfdpw.org, @sfport.com, @flysfo.com, @sfwater.org, @sfdph.org, @asianart.org, @sfmta.com, @sfpl.org, @dcyf.org, @first5sf.org, @famsf.org, @ccsf.edu). Applicants will receive a confirmation email that their online application has been received in response to every announcement for which they file. Applicants should retain this confirmation email for their records. Failure to receive this email means that the online application was not submitted or received. All work experience, education, training and other information substantiating how you meet the minimum qualifications must be included on your application by the filing deadline. Information submitted after the filing deadline will not be considered in determining whether you meet the minimum qualifications. Applications completed improperly may be cause for ineligibility, disqualification or may lead to lower scores. If you have any questions regarding this recruitment or application process, please contact the exam analyst, Eric Benzel, by email at eric.benzel@sfdph.org Selection Procedures Departmental Review : The selection process will include an evaluation of applicants in relations to minimum requirements. Depending on the number of applicants, the Department may establish additional screening mechanisms to comparatively evaluate the qualifications of candidates. If this becomes necessary, only those applicants whose qualifications most closely meet the needs of the Department will be invited for an interview. Applicants meeting the minimum requirements are not guaranteed advancement in the selection process. Conviction History As a finalist for a job, you will be fingerprinted, and your fingerprints will be sent to the California Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). The resulting report of your conviction history (if any) will be used to determine whether the nature of your conviction (or arrest, in limited circumstances) conflicts with the specific duties and responsibilities of the job for which you are a finalist. If a conflict exists, you will be asked to present any evidence of rehabilitation that may mitigate the conflict, except when federal or state regulations bar employment in specific circumstances, such as: Candidates for positions with the Unified School District and the Community College District may be disqualified from consideration should their conviction history not meet the standards established under the California Education Code. Candidates for positions with the Recreation and Park Department may be disqualified from consideration should their conviction history not meet the standards established under California Public Resources Code 5164. _Having a conviction history does not automatically preclude you from a job with the City._ If you are selected as a finalist, the hiring department will contact you to schedule a fingerprinting appointment. Disaster Service Workers All City and County of San Francisco employees are designated Disaster Service Workers through state and local law (California Government Code Section 3100-3109). Employment with the City requires the affirmation of a loyalty oath to this effect. Employees are required to complete all Disaster Service Worker-related training as assigned, and to return to work as ordered in the event of an emergency. Conclusion Note on Personal Protective Equipment (PPE): Some positions in the Department of Public Health will require the use of personal protective equipment (PPE), including but not limited to gloves, gowns, eye and face protection, and face-fitting respirators. The requirement for the use of PPE may come on short or no notice. Facial hair or any condition that interferes with a face-fitting respirator’s seal (i.e. comes between the sealing surfaces of the respirator and the wearer’s bare skin) is not permitted when face-fitting respirators are worn, including during initial or periodic respirator fit-testing. Employees who choose not to shave and do not have either American Disabilities Act (ADA) or Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Accommodations do not have the right to alternate work assignments or the option of using a loose-fitting Powered Air Purifying Respirator (PAPR) in place of a FaceFitting Respirator. Licensure/Certification/Registration: Valid licensure/certification/registration as a requirement to perform the job must be kept current throughout length of employment. Failure to demonstrate/show proof of possession of required valid licensure may result in dismissal and/or termination of employment. Note on Electronic Health Record (EHR): The Department of Public Health (DPH) is implementing a unified Electronic Health Record (EHR) system and DPH employees must demonstrate competency in the use of the system that is appropriate for their classification as a condition of employment. Medical Examination/Drug Testing: Prior to appointment, at the Department's expense, applicants may be required to take a tuberculosis (TB) screening test, a medical examination and/or drug test. General Information concerning City and County of San Francisco Employment Policies and Procedures can be found at: http://www.sfdhr.org/index.aspx?page=20 Information on requesting a reasonable ADA Accommodation: http://www.sfdhr.org/index.aspx?page=20applicantswithdisabilities Information regarding requests for Veterans Preference can be found at: http://www.sfdhr.org/index.aspx?page=20veteranspreference Copies of Application Documents: http://sfdhr.org/getting-jobcopies Right to Work: http://sfdhr.org/getting-jobidentification Issued: August 08, 2018 Micki Callahan Human Resources Director Department of Human Resources Recruitment ID : TEX-9976-086230 DPH / EB / (415) 554-2515 Benefits All employees hired on or after January 10, 2009 will be required (pursuant to San Francisco Charter Section A8.432) to contribute 2% of pre-tax compensation to fund retiree healthcare. In addition, most employees are required to make a member contribution towards retirement, ranging from 7.5%-13.25% of compensation. For more information on these provisions, please contact the personnel office of the hiring agency. For more information about benefits, please click here.