SUMMARY: Responsible for planning, coordinating, monitoring, and improving clinical care and outcomes at one or more facilities; coaches/consults individuals, departments and interdisciplinary teams in identifying, prioritizing and implementing improvement strategies that enhances overall hospital Quality Improvement efforts; serves as a mentor to team members, educates colleagues in the use of Quality Improvement processes and tools; leads-organization wide improvement projects and develops presentations; examines existing models of care delivery to identify opportunities for systems-based improvements grounded in evidence, best practices, regulatory and accrediting agency requirements, and data analysis of high risk, high volume and/or problem prone processes. DUTIES & ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: NOTE: The following are the duties performed by employees in this classification. However, employees may perform other related duties at an equivalent level. Not all duties listed are necessarily performed by each individual in the classification. 1\. Tracks outcomes, disseminates data and designs dashboards, communicates shared learnings, and contributes to sustainability of systems quality initiatives. 2\. Coaches the health system staff and leaders how to continuously raise the standards of excellence in patient safety, quality, and patient experience by advocating for best practice and evidence-based medicine in patient care. 3\. Performs, coordinates, and facilitates quality improvement, patient safety activities, and population health improvement initiatives for assigned areas. 4\. Performs data analysis in collaboration with Analytics team and engages clinicians in data interpretation to drive actions based on data-driven insights. 5\. Participates in the development of dashboards and other data visualization tools to track process and outcome measures. 6\. Facilitates consensus development among clinician and staff about standard best practice and in collaboration with process owners establishes strategies for minimizing variation around established best practice. 7\. Leads the identification of systems-based improvement opportunities and solutions. 8\. Partners and communicates effectively with clinical care teams to improve quality. 9\. Assists in evaluating various current and future quality initiatives. 10\. Collects data and prepares a wide variety of reports, memoranda and correspondence. 11\. Reviews and analyzes reports submitted by various community groups, organizations and agencies. 12\. Performs other duties as assigned. _Any combination of education and experience that would likely provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities as well as possession of any required licenses or certifications is qualifying._ MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Required Education: Master’s degree in a clinical or healthcare related field. Required Experience: Five years of experience working in a healthcare setting within a Quality Department and proven experience developing, facilitating and sustaining performance improvement initiatives and activities; experience managing projects independently and as part of a team; experience with regular use of Lean Sigma and IHI methodology; experience in partnering with Medical Informatics to design, safe, high quality workflows. Preferred Licenses/Certifications: Certified Professional in Healthcare Quality (CPHQ).