Company Overview At Nuance, we empower people with the ability to seamlessly interact with their connected devices and the digital world around them. We are creating a world where technology thinks and acts the way people do by designing the most human, natural, and intuitive ways of interacting with technology. Our nimble technology uses analytics and advanced algorithms to transform the inanimate into animate and reduce complicated processes into simple ones. Join our Enterprise team…great customer service starts here. We design virtual assistants for intelligent and effortless customer service helping customers find the information they need using whatever channel they prefer. Job Summary Are you a Pioneer? At Nuance Communications, everything we do is focused on developing the most human, natural, intuitive ways to use voice, text and biometric techniques to communicate with our end customers. Our software engineers and our technologies have pioneered the highest functioning artificially intelligent customer service software in the world, ceaselessly perfecting the ability for machines to interact naturally and intelligently with humans. We design and deliver technologies that intelligently link man, machine and the global storehouse of knowledge to help companies and consumers work seamlessly with the world. The R&D division is consistently driving new innovative solutions adopting forward-looking technologies from the fields of Artificial intelligence, Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics, User Interface Design and many more. We dream up cutting-edge technology that helps our customers design and create next generation innovative applications. You will participate in the development of these next-generation technologies that change how millions of users explore & interact with automated self-learning artificially intelligent systems. We rely on our software engineers to be versatile and passionate to tackle new problems as we continue to push technology. You will research, conceive and develop software technology & applications to extend and improve on Nuance Enterprise product offerings. As a member of the Core Technologies Quality Assurance team, within Enterprise R&D, you will contribute to ensuring we deliver software of the utmost quality. You will help advance our quality assurance techniques & technologies – and in particular the frameworks and infrastructure that embody them. As a software developer and quality assurance expert, you will contribute to building & extending our testing infrastructure as well as developing and executing automatic and manual tests. Responsibilities: 1\. Software development towards building & extending our testing infrastructure 2\. Planning and preparing testing setup 3\. Performing manual QA 4\. Developing and running automatic tests 5\. Part of Agile team consists of DEV & QA which is responsible for the upcoming releases. 6\. Expand the QA capabilities, quality and efficiency Number of Years of Work Experience: 3+ years of college credits Required Skills: Must have taken two or more common programming language courses such as C++, Java Understand Software design and implementation. Experience with program structure and design; including testing and event-driven programming. Basic IT-knowledge: Setup and maintenance of test machines/systems Have the ability to analyze and solve complex problems quickly and creatively. Have a strong technical background and be able to learn complex products and testing methodologies quickly as well as able to troubleshoot issues with relative ease. Be a good team player. Preferred Skills: Familiar with Unit test or automation test harness Understand general software development methodology Participated on software project with team of 5 or more Education: Must be in BS of CE or CS department Additional Information Nuance offers a compelling and rewarding work environment. We offer market competitive salaries, bonus, equity, benefits, meaningful growth and development opportunities and a casual yet technically challenging work environment. Join our dynamic, entrepreneurial team and become part of our continuing success. Nuance Communication Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, age, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster and its supplement is available here. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please call 781-565-5086 – Human Resources Department and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.