We Are Team Gilbert The Town of Gilbert is Arizona's 5th largest city and one of Money Magazine's Best Places to Live in the U.S., and the people who serve it are proud to be tasked with ensuring it stays that way. Team Gilbert is a fast, collaborative team of innovators who do important work that makes our community better every day! We Are Seeking Our focus on providing exceptional customer service and bringing value to our citizens makes this opening a great opportunity for professional growth in a fast-paced work environment. _Team Gilbert_ has an exciting opportunity for a highly motivated professional to fill the position of Business Compliance Analyst. The Business Compliance Analyst reports to the Tax Compliance Manager. The primary function of this position is to educate and assist Gilbert's business community with their Privilege Tax & Business Licensing needs, as well as their overall compliance requirements. Ideal candidates for this position will possess exceptional customer service and communication skills both oral & verbal, and the ability to educate businesses in privilege tax and business licensing requirements. In addition, the candidate should possess project development and management skills, and strong research and analytical skills. Specific responsibilities will include (but are not limited to) establishing, developing and maintaining relationships with the business community, business service groups and other governmental agencies; training and educating businesses regarding their Business License, Sales Tax License and other compliance needs; working with internal departments to identify project needs and implement innovative solutions; provide general sales tax and business services information; and track and report the results of the program. About You You are someone who possesses a strong desire to teach and help others, have a knowledge of the Arizona municipal and state tax compliance laws & policy who can effectively apply and communicate this knowledge to the business community, effectively exceed customer needs by building productive customer relationships, and take responsibility for customer satisfaction, loyalty and confidentiality. You actively participate as a member of a team to move the team toward the completion of goals and produce quality outcomes. You are committed to our safety philosophy and confidentiality commitment, and you take great pride in proactively managing time and resources to ensure that work is completed effectively while accomplishing objectives and achieving goals beyond what is required. At _Team Gilbert_ , we hire innovative, forward thinking problem-solvers who love what they do! In addition to possessing the ability to live out our core and functional values daily, candidates must possess the following requirements: Bachelor's degree in business, public administration, social sciences or related field; Four (4) years of customer service experience; Two (2) years of either governmental compliance and education and/or Arizona municipal taxation experience; Strong interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to represent the Town of Gilbert in a positive, professional manner; Exceptional writing, speaking, listening and presentation skills; Strong research, analysis & reporting skills; Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite; A valid Arizona driver's license. About Us In addition to a competitive salary, Gilbert offers an excellent benefits package that includes medical, dental and life insurance, tuition reimbursement, participation in the Arizona State Retirement System and more. For more information on Team Gilbert and all we have to offer, click here. _Up For The Challenge?_ If you are looking for an opportunity to make a visible contribution to our community, and get excited about doing interesting work that matters, then we encourage you to apply today! To complete and submit an on-line employment application for this position visit http://www.gilbertaz.gov/departments/human-resources/job-opportunities. Incomplete applications may be rejected so please be thorough. Your resume may be included as a supplement to your application, but it cannot replace any information required for the application. _This position is an At-Will position and is FLSA Exempt – ineligible for overtime compensation._