Performance Data Analyst ( Job Number: 180001W7 ) Description At Chicago Public Schools, our mission is to provide a high-quality public education for every child in every neighborhood that prepares them for success in college, career, and community. The Department of School Quality Measurement and Research (SQMR), where this position is located, supports this work by providing timely and accurate data to stakeholders throughout CPS (families, schools, central office leaders, etc.) working to meet these goals. The Performance Data Analyst will be held accountable for the following responsibilities: Manage process for writing and executing code to calculate various performance metrics. Metric calculations will be performed in SAS and the process will include developing and/or maintaining detailed documentation for metric calculation work. Compile, manipulate, and analyze data using appropriate statistical techniques and produce reports Fulfill internal and external requests for performance data (including Freedom of Information Act requests) in a timely manner using SAS and Microsoft Office. Implement quality assurance process to make sure that code for metric calculations and other data requests is checked for accuracy before being finalized. As needed and available, develop and communicate reports with descriptive statistics on various performance metrics. Work collaboratively with IT staff to ensure warehousing of metric and rating data. Work collaboratively with other departments to maintain an understanding of data needs and work that may require support from SQMR. In order to be successful and achieve the above responsibilities, the Performance Data Analyst must possess the following qualifications: Education \- A degree in field that has established a strong understanding of computer coding and quantitative work. Bachelor’s required, Master’s preferred. Experience \- Experience with managing large data sets (pulling data from multiple data sets, merging data sets, etc.) and applying complex rules to create custom indicators required. Experience in working with educational data strongly preferred. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities : Experience writing code with data analytic tools (SAS preferred, R, SPSS, STATA, etc.) Ability to conduct multiple projects concurrently and switch between them as needed based on shifting priorities. Solid oral and written communication, problem solving, organizational and project management skills Ability to work in a team, with technical and non-technical personnel, and across departmental boundaries Ability to understand and apply detailed programming specifications and in a complex data management environment. Knowledge of educational performance measures, educational research and urban education systems a plus. Residency Requirement: As a condition of employment with the Chicago Public Schools (CPS), employees are required to live within the geographic boundaries of the City of Chicago within six months of his or her CPS hire date and maintain residency throughout their employment with the district.