This job announcement will be used to fill two (2) vacancies Under limited supervision this position determines and establishes methods and procedures based on the interpretation of rules, statutes, and administrative procedures to identify solutions, and business and operating processes for DVS business partners. The specific areas will include both deputy registrar and dealer operating and business processes, not limited to information management, business and legislative policy, financial analysis, procedure development and interpretation, process and procedure identification, analysis of compliance determinations and evaluation of areas of improvement. This is a highly visible position that requires expert level experience and professional skills. Due to the visibility of the position the indirect impact will affect all of DPS, not only DVS. The position will require continuous skills in the identification of work processes and understanding of the overall impact on both the general public, as our customer and the impact on business processes, procedures and standards. This position will be responsible for the collection of information and data for reports and program analysis. This position includes analysis to determine site visits, development and implementation of training, audits and investigation of operations to identify areas of improvement or alleged misconduct. This position will involve travel statewide between deputy registrars and dealers in the state of Minnesota. This position does require travel up to 50% of the time. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: 1\. Bachelor’s degree and one year of applicable experience OR two years of applicable experience. Applicable experience to include analyzing data, interpreting technical materials and explaining complex procedures in an easy to understand terms. 2\. Ability to learn, understand, and apply motor vehicle terminology, statutes, and procedures within three months of hire. 3\. Data entry sufficient to examine, proofread, and compare records to ensure that accurate information is entered and updated to DVS information systems. 4\. Ability to explain the reasons for transactions, procedures, rules, and regulations to customers of diverse backgrounds. 5\. English oral and written language skills sufficient to communicate via email and phone interactions with both internal and external customers. 6\. Math skills sufficient to do basic math calculations (addition, subtraction, percentages). 7\. Knowledge of computer software applications sufficient to create, edit, and maintain spreadsheets. 8\. Database management skills sufficient to generate queries and look-up reports. 9\. Valid driver's license and ability to travel 3-5 consecutive days to locations in greater Minnesota and metro area up to 50% of the time. Preferred Qualifications: 1\. Previous experience in motor vehicle title and registration examining, work related to motor vehicle title registration processes and procedures, or other experience in a regulatory environment. 2\. Knowledge in Minnesota rules and regulations affectiing motor vehicle title and registration. 3\. Experience planning and implementing projects independently and in a team environment. 4\. Demonstrated ability to be well organized and to prioritize tasks. 5\. Demonstrated ability to work independently, to follow up on activities with little supervision, and to meet deadlines. 6\. Proven ability to develop training material. 7\. Public speaking experience. Physical Requirements Requires occasionally moving and transporting such articles as file folders and small tools. May need to maintain a stationary position for long periods of time while carrying out job duties. Additional Requirements It is the policy of the Department of Public Safety that all employees submit to a background investigation prior to employment, which includes the following components: Criminal history Reference check Driver's license check Drug screening Application Details Why Work For Us GREAT BENEFITS PACKAGE! The State of Minnesota offers a comprehensive benefits package including low cost medical and dental insurance, employer paid life insurance, short and long term disability, pre-tax flexible spending accounts, retirement plan, tax-deferred compensation, generous vacation and sick leave, and 11 paid holidays each year. How to Apply Click “Apply” at the bottom of this page. If you have questions about applying for jobs, contact the job information line at 651-259-3637. For additional information about the application process, go to http://www.mn.gov/careers. Contact If you have questions about the position, contact Kara Kreutzer at Kara.Kreutzer@state.mn.us or 651/201-7379. AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER The State of Minnesota is an equal opportunity, affirmative action, and veteran-friendly employer. We are committed to providing culturally responsive services to all Minnesotans. The State of Minnesota recognizes that a diverse workforce is essential and strongly encourages qualified women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and veterans to apply. We will make reasonable accommodations to all qualified applicants with disabilities. If you are an individual with a disability who needs assistance or cannot access the online job application system, please contact the job information line at 651-259-3637 or email careers@state.mn.us. Please indicate what assistance you need.