Your success is a train ride away. Amtrak connects businesses and communities across the country and we move America’s workforce toward the future. We employ more than 20,000 diverse, energetic professionals in a variety of career fields throughout the United States. The safety of our passengers, our employees, the public and our operating environment is our priority and the success of our railroad is the result of our employees. Are you ready to join our team? SUMMARY OF DUTIES: Amtrak Police Department’s (APD) College Student Internship provides qualified students with practical work experience that compliments their academic course work. It also provides the Amtrak Police Department with an opportunity to involve college students in various aspects of police work. APD’s Internship is designed to provide students with an opportunity to integrate theory and practice. The internship is a paid, non-sworn position. Hours vary. The intern may work up to 24 hours per week when classes are in session and 40 hours per week during holiday and summer breaks. Interns will gain valuable work experience, on-the-job training, and have an opportunity to develop a professional networking base for the future positions in government service or law enforcement. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: This position will assist Amtrak Police Department’s Captain of Patrol with a variety of duties and functions in support of various APD projects. Duties will include: Record keeping – organizing and maintaining records and data. Data collection and dissemination in support of data driven initiatives. Manipulating managing, querying, and summarizing raw data from APD data sources in support of data driven policing initiatives. The use and application of MS Word, MS Excel, and MS PowerPoint. Completing correspondence and tracking responses associated with specific time lines. Assisting with maintaining standard operating procedures files, standardized data sources, information request logs and tracking. Performing other duties as required. WORK EXPERIENCE: Current undergraduate student (sophomore, junior or senior) at an accredited college or university. Pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Criminal Justice, Emergency Management, Political Science, Statistics or a related field. Knowledge of computer applications such as Microsoft 360 and statistical software packages Above average grade point average requirement. Strong PC skills PREFERRED WORK EXPERIENCE: Experience in storing, securing, retrieving, sharing, transmitting, analyzing and using data. OTHER REQUIREMENTS: Must be detail oriented, organized, ability to complete projects within timelines and under minimal supervision. Must be proficient in research methods, and technical writing. COMMUNICATIONS AND INTERPERSONAL SKILLS: Must have excellent written and oral communication skills. SF:LI Requisition ID: 35202 Posting Location(s): Illinois Personnel Area: IL10 Job Family/Function: Safety & Security Relocation Offered: No Education Requirements: High School/GED Travel Requirements: None Employment Experience Requirements: 1 - 3 years of experience Amtrak employees power our progress through their performance. We want your work at Amtrak to be more than a job – we want it to be a fulfilling experience where you find challenging and rewarding opportunities, respect among colleagues, competitive pay, benefits that protect you and your family, and a high performance culture that recognizes and values your contributions and helps you reach your career goals. We proudly support and encourage U.S. Veterans to apply for Amtrak job opportunities. All positions require pre-employment background verification, medical review and pre-employment drug screen. Amtrak is committed to a safe and drug-free workplace and performs pre-employment substance abuse testing. All new hires are required to undergo a hair drug test which detects the presence of illegal drugs for months prior to testing. We appreciate your cooperation in keeping Amtrak safe and drug-free. In accordance with DOT regulations (49 CFR section 40.25), Amtrak is required to obtain prior drug and alcohol testing records for applicants/employees intending to perform safety- sensitive duties for covered Department of Transportation positions. If an applicant/employee refuses to provide written consent for Amtrak to obtain these records, he/she will not permitted to perform safety-sensitive functions. Note that any education requirement listed above may be deemed satisfied if you have an equivalent combination of education, training and experience. Amtrak is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and we welcome all to apply. We consider candidates regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability (including blindness), or veteran status. POSTING NOTES: Safety & Security || Amtrak Police