Position Overview The Diversion Program Contract Compliance Administrator assists the Diversion Program Bureau Chief in the administration and monitoring of diversion program contracts to ensure contractor compliance. Position Qualifications Minimum education and/or experience: Bachelor's Degree in Criminal Justice, Public Administration, Psychology or a closely related human services field and two (2) years of experience administering contracts and/or grants. Completed graduate level education may substitute for the experience requirement. Specialized training, certifications, and/or other special requirements: Must currently possess or have the ability to obtain a valid Arizona Driver's License by the time of hire. NOTE: The Maricopa County Attorney's Office requires a thorough background check of all successful candidates and is authorized to test prospective employees for the presence of illegally accessed drugs. Drug testing is conducted once an offer has been extended and prior to placement. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: _Knowledge of:_ The Arizona behavioral health system and service provider community, including the Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System (AHCCCS). Program contract administration and monitoring. Effective treatment and diversion services. Principles and practices of law enforcement and criminal justice administration. _Skill in:_ Compiling, organizing and analyzing data. Use of Microsoft Office products; ability to learn new systems and software. Planning and executing projects. Problem-solving, decision-making, and critical thinking. _Ability to:_ Operate standard office equipment, including a personal computer using software programs appropriate to assigned duties. Communicate clearly and concisely, both orally and in writing. Work under pressure and within time constraints. Handle multiple projects simultaneously and use good judgement in prioritizing work assignments. Work independently and collaboratively as part of a team. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with agency-wide personnel, community-based organizations and governmental entities. Meet deadlines while producing accurate results. Self-direct and exercise appropriate independent judgment within guidelines and departmental policies and procedures. Maintain confidentiality and privacy while working with sensitive data and other information. Maintain sensitivity to cultural diversity. Preferred education and/or experience: Master's degree in Criminal Justice, Public Administration, Psychology or a closely related human services field. Three (3) years of experience working in the criminal justice field or behavioral health care delivery system. Preferred specialized training, certifications, and/or other special requirements: Beginning level of proficiency in Microsoft Office products. Working conditions: Office and business settings in high volume, fast-paced environment with frequent stressful situations. May require long periods of sitting while completing computer activities and paperwork, standing and moving about during the course of performing duties. Ability to travel to and from various county locations for meetings, presentations and trainings, utilizing personal or county owned vehicle. Ability to move 20 pounds. Essential Job Tasks Assist in the development, amendment, and renewal of diversion program contracts. Assists in writing the scope of work for diversion program contracts. Assists in the evaluation of diversion program contractor proposals. Develops and updates contract monitoring tools and protocols. Schedules and prepares for contract monitoring activities, including creating all contract compliance forms. Organizes and conducts contract monitoring of all diversion program contractors. Reviews and analyzes contractor documents provided through contractor monitoring, which may include casefile information, professional licensure, fingerprints, and other relevant information. Prepares and submits detailed written compliance reports within established timeframes. Presents findings and follows-up with the contractor to ensure corrective action plans are submitted in established timeframes; analyzes each plan of correction submitted to assess compliance and present findings to the contractor. Provides technical assistance to contractor related to implementation of plans of correction as a result of monitoring activities. Takes an active role in solving contractor problems. Utilizes information technology within the Office to create and collect materials pertaining to contractors and monitoring activities. Attends meetings with contractor agencies and associated state and federal behavioral health entities as needed. Prepares reports and makes oral presentations, as assigned. Assists with special projects as assigned, particularly activities related to the development and implementation of new diversion programs. Selection Procedure The hiring authority will select the successful candidate based on departmental needs. All offers of employment made to new hires and rehires at Maricopa County are contingent upon successful completion of a post-offer, pre-employment thorough background investigation. A background investigation is conducted on a current employee who changes to a Safety Sensitive Position or one having the potential for serious adverse impact on the integrity or efficiency of the County. These requirements do not pertain to employees of elected officials who undergo background investigation processes administered through their respective offices. Typically successful candidates are hired at a salary rate, up to midpoint of the range, based on applicable experience, internal equity and budgetary allowances.