Job Description The Business Analyst is responsible for providing their technical and analytical expertise in the delivery of Sales Performance Management (SPM) solutions for our clients globally. _Is this what you are looking for?_ Collaboration within a customer focused project team to provide our solutions for clients Analyze data to evaluate the client’s current sales environment, and recommend software and strategic solutions accordingly Provide expertise in the delivery of Sales Performance Management (SPM) solutions and Sales Operations Management (SOM) applications for our global client base. Develop and grow client relationships to generate new lines of revenue Proactively seek new opportunities to build the company’s client base A working style that is rooted in ownership, passion, teamwork, innovation, and client experience Qualifications _Is This You?_ Innovative. You take a forward-thinking approach in all that you encounter, and you are always seeking new ways of understanding. Strategic. You often identify hidden value during your analysis process, and you create clarity in your findings. Passionate. You are strongly invested in your work and you’re confident when sharing the results of your efforts. Analytical. You actively seek “what, why, how, where, when and who” when finding solutions, and you are exceptionally detail-oriented. Independent. You need little direction to feel motivated to accomplish something, and you are resourceful when faced with unfamiliar tasks. Polished. You understand the significance of customer service, and your impact on a client’s perception. You are professional in all situations, while still maintaining relatability. Diligent. You persevere when faced with obstacles and commit to seeing things all the way through. Other Qualifications 4+ years of experience in a consulting or analytical role BA or BS degree in Math, Engineering, Technology, Business, or any field that it has been your passion to study – Master’s degree a plus Strong analytical skills; expert user of MS Excel and knowledge of ETL and database concepts Experience in gathering and documenting business processes and designing, testing, and deploying business solutions to meet those requirements Ability to advise clients in making strategic management decisions Very strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint) Demonstrated ability to perform effective planning, work independently, take initiative and manage multiple assignments Willingness to travel - Up to 20% Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.