Additional Locations: Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work. About the role: This position is responsible for supporting the design and development of results-oriented training modules, programs, and meetings for the Urology and Pelvic Health sales force. Major job duties are the creation of training that integrates a variety of different media and methodologies, development and execution of sales training measurements of success, ROI, and methods for program improvements, and maintenance of existing training courses by researching, planning, and developing content and restructuring of the content as needed. Your responsibilities include: Designs and develops learning solutions. Collaborates with internal subject matter experts and/or cross-functional teams for content development. May also work to identify external programs, resources and vendors that specifically meet learning & development needs. Works with vendors to provide quality cost effective solutions. Facilitate and support Learning and Design processes and efforts required to meet Quality System and compliance and Legal requirements. Organizes and implements the delivery of learning solutions including any re-training actions necessary. Leads and/or supports the sustained forecasting and delivery of programs to meet business needs. Measures the effectiveness of learning programs. Designs, implements, and supports the development and use learning assessment methodologies and tools. Administer the design and development of assigned sales training projects. Work with Managers of Sales Training & Marketing on various strategic projects, new product launches and special product promotions. Assess and update sales training materials and teaching methods to continuously improve sales productivity. Develop training standards and measurement tools to measure performance following each training/meeting. Write criterion-referenced performance-based objectives. Recommend instructional strategies. Support the setup and coordination of sales training classes. Work with Managers of Sales Training to coordinate and streamline the training setup and execution of various classes & meetings. Maintain Sales Training materials ensuring the content is up-to-date. What we’re looking for: Basic Qualifications BA/BS in business discipline or equivalent experience required 2-4 years instructional design or technical writing experience Learning Methodology, ADDIE preferred Strong oral and written communication skills Ability to quickly grasp technical content Results-oriented team player Expert in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Adobe Acrobat Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Articulate 360 and additional Learning Management Systems Excels in fast-paced environment Must be energetic, enthusiastic, determined and goal oriented Proficient at multitasking About us As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen. Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran Requisition ID: 424487 Nearest Major Market: Boston Job Segment: Medical, Medical Technology, Urology, Compliance, Learning, Healthcare, Legal, Human Resources