One of the largest health insurers in the nation is focused on continuously building an industry-defining, world-class IT capability. Healthcare is forever evolving, especially due to emerging technologies, making this a great experience to add to your resume. Come join their winning team! This contract role as an Information Security Data Entry Analyst in Richardson, TX will be responsible for providing technical expertise in development and support of all activities, processes, and tools for protecting technology based information. You must be able to attend an in-person interview at our client's site (they will not hire off a phone screen or Skype interview). Responsibilities: Provide technical expertise in development and support of all activities, processes, and tools for protecting technology based information Assist in the provisioning of security structures to support the data security needs of access controls requested Requirements: Experience with Novell eDirectory, Microsoft Active Directory, CA Top Secret, Siebel, Microsoft SQL, Custom web based GUIs Hands on experience in identity management operations Conscientious and detail oriented Excellent verbal communication skills. Benefits: Solving IT is pleased to offer a rich benefit plan to our W2 employees. We offer four health plan options and a PPO dental plan through Blue Cross Blue Shield, Term Life/AD &D Insurance, Long and Short Term Disability, and 401(k) Savings Plan. Solving IT subsidizes the health and dental premium for the employee. As you continue to develop your skills and experience, Solving IT will work with your changing preferences to match you with rewarding projects. Our unrivaled reputation for quality is demonstrated through our Inavero Best of Staffing award that was won due to the feedback from our own clients and candidates. We also love to socialize and have fun so we have regularly scheduled parties and events for you to unwind and network with fellow consultants. Whether you are searching for your next challenge or just looking to stay on top of market trends, Solving IT is committed to help position you appropriately. By leveraging the latest market and compensation data available, you can rest assured that you are getting more than just an informed opinion. You are getting the Solving IT Experience. Job Term: Contract