Due to EverQuote’s growth and expansion into new product offerings and verticals, we are excited to be seeking a talented Full Stack Developer/Engineer to join our team. You would be a part of our incredibly talented team, a strong individual contributor, utilizing your strong technical capabilities to help shape and define the consumer experience as well as improve our brand in the marketplace. As we grow, we are moving into more specialized services, which allow us to consistently utilize different technologies to build out, manage, and improve the consumer experience. Your professional ideas matter—we are data driven decision makers, launching A/B tests to quantifiably improve products, and your impact as an engineer at EverQuote has a measurable and quantifiable effect on the bottom line (and on your career). The role of the full stack user experience engineer is ideal for someone who enjoys optimizing consumer interaction and driving consumer response, as this role is focused primarily on the front end. You will improve the relationship with our consumers through creativity and problem-solving, using a wide range of tools. You will be an integral part of a fast-growing, entrepreneurial company, and you’ll have the influence and tools available to rapidly grow our business. We are looking for someone with design and development experience, an interest in understanding consumer behavior, and the enthusiasm to push us forward. This is an incredible time to join our team. This role offers you the opportunity to bring your technical aptitude, passion, and enthusiasm to our team at a very exciting time in EverQuote history. Work alongside some incredible people and enjoy other great lifestyle perks that include a culture that employs a strong work/life balance. We provide a commuter benefit for our employees, fully stocked kitchens, catered weekly lunches, competitive salaries and FULLY PAID (no cost to you) health and dental insurance, as well as 401K match, stock options, and a relaxed and flexible work environment. WHO YOU ARE Proficient in modern Javascript, HTML and CSS. Experience with React, Redux, Next.js, Ruby, Golang or Typescript a plus but not required for this role. Competent with preprocessors and other code packaging tools, like SASS, PostCSS, Babel, Webpack, Gulp, etc. Familiar with MVC applications (e.g. Ruby on Rails) Able to quickly diagnose and solve code problems (StackOverflow is your friend) You have an understanding and appreciation for the many facets of designing for the modern web, including responsive design and progressive enhancement/graceful degradation You are passionate about building positive user experiences by always improving both your code and the UIs it generates You are competent at testing and ensuring your code’s cross-browser, cross-platform compatibility You have an entrepreneurial mindset, want to grow a business, and love working with a team You are comfortable using data to support and validate your concepts WHY EVERQUOTE? We are one of the fastest growing companies in Boston history Our quickly-evolving consumer and B2B applications are built in the latest technologies Our company is profitable and established – a startup culture without startup anxiety We encourage creative thinking, independent responsibilities for business results, and team collaboration Lunch catering to the office, company outings to local restaurants, day trips, and more We offer competitive salaries, excellent benefits, stock options and a relaxed and flexible work environment We have lives outside of work. We are musicians, athletes, filmmakers, gamers, authors, and more