The Department of Children and Families seeks an experienced Business Intelligence Developer to assist in the design and development of multiple reporting applications, data warehouse, as well as participate in other technology projects. The results driven candidate must have strong knowledge in software architecture/design and have experience working as part of a small to medium development team. Duties: Create basic and advanced reports, dashboards using Jasper and/or reporting platforms. Design, develop and implement ETL processes to update the data warehouse Design, develop and implement new database Procedures, Functions and Triggers in ORACLE PL/SQL Interact with Business Analyst to understand the business requirements and convert it into technical specifications. Create or update Linux shell scripts. Work with several cross-functional areas like Business Analysts, Database Administrators, Data Integration, Reporting, and data users to research and resolve issues. Document and maintain code using change control software like PVCS and CVS Preferred Qualifications: At a minimum, a Bachelor’s degree with a major in the field of Computer or Information Science 5+ Years of Extensive experience in the following is required: Jasper or comparable reporting tools. SQL, PL/SQL and Relational and Analytical applications Advanced SQL and PL/SQL programming ETL and custom data set development. Creating aggregate data sets using SQL Comfortable programming in at least one language Understanding or experience with Design Patterns and Software Architecture, Demonstrable skills in data visualization Microsoft Office suite with strength in Excel About EOHHS and the CYF group of Agencies: The mission of the EOHHS is to provide effective leadership in the delivery of health and human services that promote health, resilience and independence to improve the quality of life for individuals, families and communities throughout the Commonwealth. The Children, Youth and Families (CYF) cluster of agencies include: the Department of Children and Families (DCF), the Department of Transitional Assistance (DTA), the Department of Youth Services (DYS), the Executive Office of Elder Affairs (ELD), the Executive Office of Health and Human Services (EHS) including MassHealth, and the Office for Refugees and Immigrants (ORI). Total Compensation As an employee of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts you are offered a great career opportunity influencing a wide-spectrum of services to the diverse populations we serve - but it's more than a paycheck. The State's total compensation package features an outstanding set of employee benefits which you should consider towards your overall compensation, including: 75% state paid medical insurance premium Reasonable Dental and Vision Plans Flexible Spending Account and Dependent Care Assistance programs Low cost basic and optional life insurance Retirement Savings: State Employees' Pension and a Deferred Compensation 457(b) plan 11 paid holidays per year and competitive Sick, Vacation and Personal Time Tuition Benefit for employee and spouse at state colleges and universities Short-Term Disability and Extended Illness program participation options Incentive-based Wellness Programs Professional Development and Continuing Education opportunities Qualified Employer for Public Service Student Loan Forgiveness Program Pre-Hire Process: A criminal background check will be completed on the recommended candidate as required by the regulations set forth by the Executive Office of Health and Human Services prior to the candidate being hired. For more information, please visit http://www.mass.gov/hhs/cori and click on "Information for Job Applicants". Education, licensure and certifications will be verified in accordance with the Human Resources Division’s Hiring Guidelines Education and license/certification information provided by the selected candidate(s) is subject to the Massachusetts Public Records Law and may be published on the Commonwealth’s website. For questions, please contact the CYF Office of Human Resources at 1-800-510-4122 and select option 2. Qualifications This requisition will remain open until filled; however, first consideration will be given to those applicants that apply within the first 14 days. Please see Preferred Qualifications.