Description As a member of the Real-Time Operations Team, your role will be to proactively monitor the state of our contact center and information technology operations. This includes doing proactive analysis on performance of all operational channels which include telephone, chat, email and social media. Ensure key performance indicators are being maintained and identifying opportunities for improvement and prevent outages before they occur. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Contact Center Workload Distribution: One of the essential functions of this role is to effectively use our current tools/processes to distribute the workload as efficiently as possible (within goal service levels). This also includes maintaining an expert level of understanding of the tools/processes to continuously identify opportunities for automation/optimization. Highlights are: Proactively monitor our telephonic/staffing dashboards (inContact & inView) user interfaces to ensure efficient distribution of calls. Proactively communicating with our leadership, partners and other groups to ensure all stakeholders are aware of any SLA attainment risks. Work closely with the workforce management team to identify any variances with the agent labor-force and coordinate remediation if applicable. Historically analyses/recommend opportunities for improvement in the efficiency of our workload distribution. Liaison to: Operations, Workforce Management, Reporting, IT, and Senior Leadership regarding operational performance. Incident Management / Communication: Given the nature of the role, there will be incidents that occur from time to time. No matter the nature of the incident, this role will work with the rest of the Real-Time Operations team to quantify/mitigate business impact. This includes ensuring appropriate stake holders are properly updated with the relevant facts on a timely basis. Proactive / Predictive Systems Management: As a member of the Real-Time Operations teams, there may be occasions when you will first see the early signs of a possible issue. During these occasions, it is important that this role have a good, high-level, understanding of our infrastructure and application landscape to assist in quickly triaging the potential issue and effectively communicating it. Conversely, there will be times when there is an issue that may be directly/indirectly having a negative business impact. For these occasions, it is important that this role work closely with the Telecom, Help Desk and other IT teams to effectively coordinate any remediation and effective communication. Other: There are other tasks that are the responsibility of the Real-Time Operations Team. Some examples of these tasks include manually creating various reports and distributing them to the appropriate teams. Aside from assisting in the performance of these manual tasks, this role should proactively play a role in helping identify ways to automate the manual functions as applicable. Special projects and system testing as deemed necessary. Requirements Minimum knowledge, skill and/or ability required to perform the following job functions: Ability to solve problems at a tactical and functional level, have excellent oral and written communication skills, a solid work ethic and unquestioned integrity. Experience using Microsoft office is a must SAS experience preferred Comfortable in a high-energy/dynamic real time operational role with the requirement to successfully interface with various levels of management. Goal-oriented/self-motivated and able to work with minimal supervision. Hands-on experience with any of the following a-plus: Open to a flexible schedule to accommodate a 24x7x365 operation (Must be open to working evenings and weekends, however working Saturday is a must). About Us 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. is a leading provider of gifts for all celebratory occasions. For the past 40 years, 1-800-Flowers.com® has been helping deliver smiles to customers with a 100% Smile Guarantee® backing every gift. The 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. family of brands also includes everyday gifting and entertaining products from Harry & David®, The Popcorn Factory®, Cheryl's Cookies®, 1-800-Baskets.com®, Wolferman's®, Moose Munch® premium popcorn, Personalization Universe®, Simply ChocolateSM, and FruitBouquets.com SM. The Company also offers top-quality steaks and chops from Stock Yards® and gift baskets and towers from its DesignPac Gifts, LLC division. Loyalty programs, such as Celebrations Passport®, Celebrations Rewards® and Celebrations Reminders® are designed to deepen relationships with customers across all brands. The Company's BloomNet® international floral wire service and Napco SM floral gifts and seasonal décor division provide a broad-range of products and services designed to help professional florists grow their businesses profitably. 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. was named to the Stores® 2017 Hot 100 Retailers List by the National Retail Federation and also received the Gold award in the "Best Artificial Intelligence" category at the Data & Marketing Association's 2017 International ECHO Awards. Shares in 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Inc. are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, ticker symbol: FLWS.