Mission Director Sales Enablement Who We Are Founded and continuously led by inventor and entrepreneur Tony Aquila, Solera is a global leader in digital technologies that connect and secure life's most important assets: our cars, homes and identities. Since its inception in 2005 as a garage-based startup, Solera has grown aggressively with over 50 acquisitions across its platforms. The company's current product solutions include Audatex, Autodata, AutoPoint, CAP/HPI, Colimbra, Digidentity, Enservio, Explore Data, Hollander, Identifix, Inpart, LYNX and TitleTec, as well as the company's flagship Digital Garage application. Today, Solera processes over 300 million transactions annually for approximately 235,000 partners and customers in over 80 countries. Unified by a strong culture that values uncommon entrepreneurial thinking and continuous "do-it-different" innovation, Solera's global workforce of 6,700+ associates come from diverse forward-thinking industries that include automotive technology, artificial intelligence, software development, data sciences, cybersecurity, cognitive design, and digital identity protection. For more information, please visit solera.com. The Solera Way Solera’s uncommon culture is based on three simple principles: Think 80/20 (Focus), Act 30/30 (Efficiency), and Live 90/10 (Accountability). We define our mindset using Our 3H’s: Humility, a Hunger to succeed, and a desire to Hunt for opportunities to win. We train our volunteers to engage with each other modulating between their intellect (IQ) and emotional intelligence (EQ) using our 3Fs: Facts, Finesse, and Force. Solera has become a global technology leader that is constantly growing in the double digits. The principles, drills, and values associated with the Solera Way have been fundamental to Solera’s success and our ability to grow, continuously change, and innovate. Are You Uncommon? We're on the hunt for a Director, Global Sales Enablement who ranks in the top quartile among their peers. Someone who has a highly competitive and entrepreneurial mindset that is wired with a team-first attitude, has no problem rolling up their sleeves to execute their missions, and can modulate between leading and following as needed. This person will be reporting to the General Manager and play a key role in setting the cadence of the field organization, driving efficiency of operations and expanding the effectiveness of the overall go-to market team. More specifically, areas of responsibility include detailed forecasting, planning and modeling of the business, pipeline management, and oversight of global sales operation standardization in addition to defining the sales compensation, budgeting and reporting for the sales organization. Position 80s What You’ll Be Doing: At Solera, we believe in providing clarity and focus to what our volunteers are responsible for – their mission. The 80’s, as we call them at Solera, are the employee’s priorities associated with their role or mission. The mission 80’s for this role, are: Sales Enablement – Provides an infrastructure that enables the sales team through regular education and certification, including new hire training, new product rollout training, sales methodology implementation and major annual sales education and kick-off events; Sales Compensation Planning – Develops, implements, and manages sales compensation plans and special incentives that drive intended sales behavior as well as coordinating recognition events such as annual sales achiever club Sales Operations – Drives excellence in the use of sales applications and processes centered on Salesforce.com, and ensuring quality in the opportunity management process. Drives efficiency and standardization across all regions on Salesforce.com use and reporting. Defines sales process and methodology, ensuring consistency within the regions. Leads all division M &S; reviews and reporting Oversee, manage, develop, design and deliver specific training Additional responsibilities of the role include: Manage business segment content and program ownership Facilitate the right people to deliver training Familiarity with CEB “Challenger” sales research and methodology Oversees onboarding including welcome calls, scorecarding, bootcamps, demo certification, level up training etc. Train to and enforce Salesforce.com, CPQ other sales tools; serve as the executive sposnor of Slaesforce.com Sales application Leadership: Lead, motivate and develop directly and indirectly subordinate employees. Develop and communicate team objectives for the sales organization and ensure these are reflected through the organization Forecasting and Reporting – collaborate with the Finance organization to meet revenue forecast requirements; managing historical data and providing analysis on business performance trends; and managing the global field forecast process to ensure predictability of results. Business Strategy - Lead sales territory management, identification of new markets/segments, partner with local and global marketing to ensure alignment with sales and meeting objectives of the business. Qualifications Are You Qualified? Basic qualifications: Bachelor's degree with 15+ years of experience having worked in the enterprise software industry in a highly matrixes organization, with at least 7 years in a sales leadership role required; experience in direct sales role highly desired Preferred qualifications: Demonstrated knowledge of the best practices in the sales process - from lead generation to proposal and RFP response, to sales training and contract compliance Excellent financial acumen and discipline around pricing management, forecasting, and compensation planning Ability to lead and manage cross-functional, global teams within a matrixes organization A bachelor’s degree in Business, Communication, Marketing, L &D; or related experience 5-7 years successful sales or sales support responsibility Experiencing selling and managing sales reps in a software/technical solution environment The ability to be an excellent team player who can work with virtual and global team members The ability to adapt and learn quickly in a dynamic environment Creative problem solving skills, and you are able to work under pressure and meet deadlines A self-starter work ethic Proficiency in MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Experience using CRM tools, comfort with salesforce.com English fluency Ability to travel up to 40% Globally Our Space We believe that offices should be destinations where people want to be… places where people want to work, play and, collaborate. That is why we spend a lot of time on enhancing our workspaces. Solera's work environments are intersections of the old and the new… of the past, present, and future. They are spaces designed to stimulate creative thinking, innovation, and cross- functional collaboration. We also embrace wellness. Whether it is our onsite or offsite workout centers, nutritional meals and beverages, or endless snacks for focus and energy. This wellness plan is our commitment to healthy living, which spans across our office environments.