Job Description At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Corporate Risk helps all Wells Fargo businesses identify and manage risk. We focus on three key risk areas: credit risk, operational risk and market risk. We help our management and Board of Directors identify and monitor risks that may affect multiple lines of business, and take appropriate action when business activities exceed the risk tolerance of the company. The Regional Banking Control (RBC) Team is seeking an experienced analyst to serve as an Analytic Consultant 3 on the RBC Risk Tools and Data Analytics Team. This position will report to the RBC Data Analytics Manager. The Data Analytics Consultant (AC3) is responsible for supporting the development, deployment, and maintenance of specialized desktop tools used throughout RB Control, ad-hoc data analytics to answer specific questions for control experts in the RB Control team, as well as supporting the deployment and security of the RB Control SharePoint site collections. Job Expectations This Analytic Consultant 3 will have responsibility for (but not limited to): Consulting with business partners and internal customers to identify and define business initiatives that require analysis and translate this information into insight, knowledge and understanding of the Regional Banking control environment Identifying and recommending internal and external data sources, compiling/mining data from multiple, cross business sources Ensuring adherence to data management/data governance regulations and policies. Data involved may be very large, structured or unstructured, and from multiple sources. To a certain degree, may assist indirectly in the technical build-out and/or support of databases, query tools, reporting tools, BI tools, dashboards, etc. that enable analysis, modeling, and/or data visualization. Establishing and maintaining relationships with compliance, operational, and technical partners to effectively facilitate discussions and resolve issues Please Note: Based on the volume of applications received, this job posting may be removed prior to the indicated close date. If you do not apply prior to the closing of this posting, we encourage you to apply for other opportunities with Wells Fargo. Required Qualifications 5+ years of reporting experience, analytics experience, or a combination of both; or a BS/BA degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 3+ years of reporting experience, analytics experience, or a combination of both Desired Qualifications Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy Other Desired Qualifications Strong time management skills and ability to meet deadlines Ability to manage multiple and competing priorities Ability to research, trend, and analyze data Ability to think and act independently to research and incorporate new/alternate data sources into monitoring and reporting processes Experienced SAS Enterprise Guide user Experienced ACL (Audit Command Language) user Advanced Excel skills with experience writing macros and Visual Basic Experience with regulatory compliance requirement Experience working with relational databases (Oracle, SQL Server, Teradata) Street Address IA-Des Moines: 666 Walnut St - Des Moines, IA AZ-PHX-Central Phoenix: 100 W Washington St - Phoenix, AZ MN-Minneapolis: 600 S 4th St - Minneapolis, MN NC-Charlotte: 1525 W Wt Harris Blvd - Charlotte, NC TX-San Antonio: 4101 Wiseman Blvd - San Antonio, TX Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.