Rated 32nd Most Successful SaaS Company in the world by Montclare, GoodData is on a mission to fundamentally change how analytics are used and adopted throughout the organization. With more than 50 percent of the Fortune 500 using GoodData, millions of end users and a massively scalable and secure Enterprise Insights Platform, GoodData works with customers to drive a business outcome focus allowing data to finally drive meaningful change for the business.. Today, some of the most well-known brands are using the GoodData Enterprise Insights Platform to disrupt their industries, improve productivity and make business critical decisions, to create revenue generating Smart Business Applications. According to Forrester, insights-driven businesses will steal $1.2 Trillion/year from traditional market players by 2020. This is the transformation GoodData is enabling globally. GoodData is headquartered in San Francisco and backed by top-tier investors like Andreessen Horowitz, General Catalyst Partners, Intel Capital, TOTVS and others. For more information visit our website and follow GoodData on Twitter and LinkedIn. JOB DESCRIPTION As a key member of our Consulting team within Professional Services, The Solutions Engineer will be the data engineer that helps guide our customers through their data product implementation. Working directly with customers, a team of data product managers, solution architects and engineers drive requirements gathering, the project design, and the QA process. You will implement data warehouse data models and dimensional data models, deliver ETL in SQL, and write multidimensional queries in MAQL. The right candidate for this position is customer oriented with strong communication and technical skills. You must be able to demonstrate deep technical expertise and clearly articulate technical topics even to non- technical audiences. This role is best suited for someone who has 2+ years of work experience, has a quantitatively-oriented degree (of any variety) from a top-tier school, and who thrives in extremely analytical, technically-oriented, consultative role. This role is located in San Francisco, CA and no relocation assistance is offered. RESPONSIBILITIES In collaboration with architects, implement data solutions that solve business problems Design conceptual, logical and physical data models Implement effective and scalable end-to-end data pipeline solutions Optimize SQL queries for scale Build metrics and reports Address functional requirements and quality attributes Possess a comprehensive understanding of the GoodData products and services QUALIFICATIONS 2+ years of overall experience Fluency in SQL and experience in Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) development in SQL Understanding of dimensional and normalized database models and their applications Having a programming mentality and problem-solving skills BONUS POINTS Experience in the Business Intelligence (BI) / Data Warehousing (DW) industry IT consulting skills and experience Experience with cloud based SaaS platforms Experience working in professional services organization Experience with columnar databases Experience with Ruby Experience with JavaScript Experience with REST APIs Interest in machine learning ADDITIONAL INFORMATION At GoodData, you won’t just grow your career. You’ll be a part of a movement that is changing how people work and make decisions. Why you should join GoodData: Help drive the future of business Solve meaningful problems Build and promote great technology Work with brilliant people We are committed to creating a diverse work environment and proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. No relocation assistance is offered for this opportunity at this time, and local candidates will be given priority consideration. Agency Recruiters Take Note: Please do not spam us with unsolicited candidate resumes. Unless you have a fully executed agreement with us, we will consider them a gift. Do not send resumes to any of the executives.