This individual contributor is primarily responsible for translating business requirements and functional specifications into software solutions, for developing, configuring or modifying integrated business and/or enterprise application solutions, and for facilitating the implementation and maintenance of software solutions. Essential Responsibilities: Completes work assignments by applying up-to-date knowledge in subject area to meet deadlines; following procedures and policies, and applying data and resources to support projects or initiatives; collaborating with others, often cross-functionally, to solve business problems; supporting the completion of priorities, deadlines, and expectations; communicating progress and information; identifying and recommending ways to address improvement opportunities when possible; and escalating issues or risks as appropriate. Pursues self-development and effective relationships with others by sharing resources, information, and knowledge with coworkers and customers; listening, responding to, and seeking performance feedback; acknowledging strengths and weaknesses; assessing and responding to the needs of others; and adapting to and learning from change, difficulties, and feedback. As part of the IT Engineering job family, this position is responsible for leveraging DEVOPS, and both Waterfall and Agile practices, to design, develop, and deliver resilient, secure, multi-channel, high-volume, high-transaction, on/off-premise, cloud-based solutions. Provides insight into recommendations for technical solutions that meet design and functional needs. Provides systems' incident support and troubleshooting for basic to moderately complex issues. Assists in identification of specific interfaces, methods, parameters, procedures, and functions, as required, to support technical solutions. Supports collaboration between team members, architects, and/or software consultants to ensure functional specifications are converted into flexible, scalable, and maintainable solution designs. Assists in translating business requirements and functional specifications into code modules and software solutions, with guidance from senior colleagues, by providing insight into recommendations for technical solutions that meet design and functional needs. Assists in the implementation and post-implementation triage and support of business software solutions, with guidance from senior colleagues, by programming and/or configuring enhancements to new or packaged-based systems and applications. Develops and executes unit testing to identify application errors and ensure software solutions meet functional specifications. Supports component integration testing (CIT) and user acceptance testing (UAT) for application initiatives by providing triage, attending test team meetings, keeping the QC up-to-date, performing fixes and unit testing, providing insight to testing teams in order to ensure the appropriate depth of test coverage, and supporting the development of proper documentation. Assists in the development, configuration, or modification of integrated business and/or enterprise application solutions within various computing environments by designing and coding component-based applications using programming languages. Writes technical specifications and documentation. Assists with efforts to ensure new and existing software solutions are developed with insight into industry best practices, strategies, and architectures. Assists in building partnerships with IT teams and vendors to ensure written code adheres to company architectural standards, design patterns, and technical specifications. Participates in some aspects of software development lifecycle phases by applying an understanding of company methodology, policies, standards, and internal and external controls. Works with vendors (e.g., offshore, application, service).