Posted July 30, 2018 Position Overview Integration Partners’ has an immediate opening for a Lead Microsoft Cloud Solutions Architect. This is an opportunity to join a high performing team of salespeople and engineers passionate about how Microsoft cloud and hybrid cloud solutions can transform our customers’ businesses. The Lead Microsoft Cloud Solutions Architect is responsible for delivering business and revenue results by providing technical sales leadership with Microsoft solutions – such as Microsoft Office 365, Azure, and EM+S. The main focus is on pre-sales customer engagements with key activities including; discussion and delivery of technical presentations and roadmaps, building architectural design strategies, achieving customer buy-in for identified solution areas, and driving customer decisions and deployments. In this role, you will work closely with Account Managers and Sales Engineers to develop and drive the account strategy to win each opportunity. When successful in this role, you will have helped displace competitors within Integration Partners’ customers, helped the sales team grow top-line revenue and developed key technical relationships with customers within the commercial and enterprise space within the region. Responsibilities Successful Integration Partners Solution Architects have great communication and consultative selling skills, have great leadership skills, exhibit outstanding collaboration skills, have a strong passion for driving business, and are sincerely customer focused. They possess excellent presentation skills as well as deep technical and business knowledge of the Unified Communications marketplace and the competitive technology landscape. The ideal candidate will have years of experience in relevant technologies such as: Specific Microsoft Technologies (Office 365, Azure, Enterprise Mobility & Security) TCP/IP networking, switches, routers, and firewalls. Additional Responsibilities Support pre-sales activities including; demonstrations and design sessions with customers. Develop and maintain strong technical and business relationships with key customer contacts and decision makers. Participate in overview presentations, and owning all aspects of pre-sales technical work to drive revenue. Provide deep technical knowledge to qualify sales opportunities. This includes discussion of product security, how to architect in the enterprise, network impact, and pros/cons of competitive products Proactively work with sales team on lead generation, customer development, and sale closure. Conduct architecture design sessions or proof of concepts for customers interested in deploying Help manage initial pilots or trial usage of products by qualified accounts – help with any installation problems, answering technical questions, providing help with any support issues and the support process during the pilot. Provide expertise on the business and technical value of Integration Partners’ Microsoft strategy versus the competition. Help sales team drive adoption, awareness, and deployment of current versions where applicable. Contribute to the overall success of Integration Partners through top/bottom line revenue/profit growth Integration Partners Corporation is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Qualified candidates must have legal authorization to work in the United States. Principals Only, Recruiters please do not reply