SOC Analyst II _Ferndale, MI_ CBI has been a trusted advisor in the cyber security industry since 1991. We pride ourselves in securing our clients nationwide, providing value through advisory services such as Security Assessments, Incident Response, Digital Forensics, Product Implementations and Managed Security Services. Every single CBI employee contributes to our mission. By joining CBI, you act as a catalyst in a chain of events that helps make our interconnected world more secure for millions of people. You will be surrounded by the brightest business and technical minds in our industry who will inspire you to grow and be great. Working at CBI is your opportunity to shape an industry that’s vital to us all. We live by the CBI Core Values: Customer First... know your customer and deliver value, every time Performance Based Culture... critical thinking that helps exceed company goals Authentic... honest, direct, confident, promises kept Blue Collar Work Ethic ... come to work ready to work hard, no task is below you Our employees think we’re a cool place to work, too! CBI has been recognized as one of Crain’s Cool Place to Work in 2016; an example of our commitment to creating a unique culture – providing career enhancing opportunities, programs and benefits that fit the needs of our workforce. We are built on talented people and we need the best of the best to accelerate our growth. Join our team of industry leaders to continue growing your career! Position Description The “SOC Analyst II” position at CBI is a mid-level to expert-level position designed for candidates interested in expanding their career in cyber security. A strong technical foundation such as prior cyber security experience is a requirement for this position. As a “SOC Analyst II” at CBI, you will work with and act as an escalation point for our first-tier analysts, providing cyber security support for our customers. Training is provided to CBI’s SOC Analysts through our training program, the CBI Academy. In this position, you will be expected to support one or more of our “Managed” technologies in an advanced or expert level capacity. The Academy provides our analysts with resources and training to develop within their career path through soft skill, professional training and accreditation preparation for industry esteemed certifications. Additional, on-the-job training, shadowing and classroom-based technology training is provided (when available and based on the SOC’s staffing schedule). In this position, you will be expected to work non-traditional hours in order to help staff our 24x7x365 SOC, including weekends, nights, and holidays and must live within 50 miles of our Ferndale SOC. The primary focus of this position is to secure our customers and provide them with world-class service. The “SOC Analyst II” position is great opportunity to further your career in information security. Key Responsibilities Staff CBI’s 24x7x365 Security Operations Center (SOC) – Must be able to work non-traditional hours, including 10 or 12 hour shifts during weekends, nights, and holidays and live within 50 miles of our Ferndale Security Operations Center (SOC). Monitor, manage, and secure CBI’s customers’ systems. Analyze security alerts from a wide range of technologies. Escalate incidents, when necessary, based on CBI’s processes. Document incident details within CBI’s ticketing system. Interface with CBI’s customers in a professional manner. Perform other tasks when deemed necessary by CBI management. Specialized Knowledge & Skills Possess a bachelor’s degree in an applicable field such as Information Assurance or Computer Science Have a minimum of 3 years’ experience in the field of cyber security. Ability to display a strong understanding of computing, network, and security fundamentals. Aptitude to demonstrate advanced or expert-level knowledge of security products such as antivirus, firewalls or SIEM. Have experience with troubleshooting complex technical issues. Be authentic, trustworthy, straight-forward and honest. Have a customer-first mindset and the ability to interact professionally with customers. Possess a blue-collar work ethic with the willingness to wear many proverbial ‘hats’ and have a flexible outlook towards your work. Be competitive and have a performance-based drive to succeed, including self-sufficiency and the ability to work as part of a team. Physical Requirements General Office Demands Benefits & Company Statement We believe that superior performance, individual and team, should be recognized and rewarded. We provide a competitive compensation program to attract, retain and motivate a high-performance workforce, and it’s flexible enough to meet the different needs of our diverse employee population. Our mentorship and training initiatives are unmatched. CBI employees are constantly sharpening their skills and shaping their careers. Our intention is to develop employees to their highest potential, no matter what their job title might be. It’s this approach that always ensures that the right person is in the right seat and most importantly, exceling in their field.