FourKites is looking for a data analyst to support business intelligence and analytics efforts throughout our organization and identify opportunities for improvements through data-driven decision making. This new team member will work on our Engineering team in Chicago and work cross-functionally with product, operations and engineering. Responsibilities Data mining using state-of-the-art methods Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance Skills and Qualifications Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc. Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable Great communication skills Experience with data visualisation tools, such as GGplot, etc. Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase is preferable Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Good scripting and programming skills FourKites is the fastest-growing predictive supply chain platform, backed by top-tier VC firms in Silicon Valley, Boston and Chicago, delivering real-time visibility and execution for Fortune 500 companies and third-party logistics firms. Using a proprietary algorithm to calculate shipment arrival times, FourKites enables customers to lower operating costs, improve on-time performance, and strengthen end-customer relationships. With a network of more than four million GPS/ELD devices, FourKites covers all modes including ocean, rail, parcel and over-the-road. The platform is optimized for mobile and equipped with market-leading end-to-end security. We look for smart, agile, creative team players who are ready to roll up their sleeves and deliver for our customers.