Why We’re Rad (about us): Rad Power Bikes is a leading consumer-direct ebike manufacturer specializing in high quality yet affordable electric bikes for weekend warriors, hardcore commuters, and family cyclists. Madly growing and located in Ballard, we are seeking a gifted Bike Mechanic (Ebike Mechanic, even better!) to join our team who will ensure our bikes run at peak performance for our customers. If you are a person who likes to problem solve, work with bikes, motors, etc. and plays well with others, check us out at www.radpowerbikes.com. This is an entry level position, however, professional bike experience is required to ensure you get up-to-speed quickly at our fast-growing company! We'll train you on our ebikes and training is paid. Why You’re Rad (about you): You have a strong mechanical aptitude Good communication skills, friendly attitude and interest in working with e-bike consumers. Ability to work quickly in a fast-paced environment. Experience with electric bikes or vehicles is a plus. Experience with bikes in a professional setting. Technical & general tinkering aptitudes. Experience with electric bikes or vehicles is a plus. Had you been with us last month, you would have: Learned about the ebike industry to understand the products we offer on a technical level. Assembled ebikes and performed bicycle repair operations. Tuned and fit bikes for customers. Maintained spare parts inventory and shop demo bikes. Participated in local outreach events and related events with the sales team as needed. Maintained workshop organization and cleanliness. Wage is based on prior experience working with ebikes. If there is not direct experience, this will be considered an entry level role to start, but know that we invest in our people. Health care plan is available for full-time employees. We are open Monday-Friday 9-5, Saturday & Sunday 9-3. Rad Power Bikes is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at 800-939-0310.