Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description Human Resources Producer/Agency Relations Team (PART) collaborates and consults with key stakeholders on Exclusive Agency, Exclusive Financial Specialist, Allstate Independent Agency and Licensed Sales Producer issues and concerns to ensure consistency with processes; provides insights, recommendations, and implements strategies that include best practices, analyzing trends through rigorous measurement; influences change based on results; and provides leadership education in collaboration with Human Resource business partners and company leadership. The HR PART Consultant II provides project management support and completes specific tasks in the execution and/or implementation of processes, products and services. The role collaborates with the PART Associate manager and other members of the PART in formulating agency relation plans. Builds knowledge of producer/agency business issues, processes/practices. Analyzes possible solutions to solve a range of complex problems. Leverages experienced teammates/leader to progress on assigned cases. Establishes relationships and works directly with key stakeholders (i.e. Field Business Conduct, Field Product Operations, Legal, Investigative Services, Compliance, Broker/Dealer, ASAP, Privacy, and the Chairman’s complaint team) in presenting problem analysis and recommending solutions. Key Responsibilities Handle agency relations cases as assigned: Handles cases of an intermediate-complex nature Completes work activities on independent or collaborative basis; Provides guidance to team efforts Meets Service Level Agreement commitments Timely initial contact with involved parties Clear and effective coaching and consulting Timely and detailed documentation within Case Management Tool (CMT) regarding all pertinent activity/information on case handling and resolution Provides input to the development and/or implementation of processes, products, and services Ability to progress in multiple areas of producer/agency relations (not all inclusive) with guidance: Contract Compliance Regulatory Compliance Adherence to standards of Integrity and Professional Conduct Job Description Local Investigations – with guidance Investigates agency issues involving inappropriate behavior Determines specific details, reviews relevant evidence, and interviews of applicable witnesses Writes summary of investigation, develops and implements recommendations Decisions of Involuntary Termination Determines specific details and provides coaching and communication back to leader In partnership with PART Associate Manager, makes decision as to whether or not involuntary termination is appropriate Prepare termination packet, obtain appropriate signatures, and discuss off-boarding logistics with leaders Coaching and Counseling Leaders Informs PART Associate Manger as appropriate Determines specific details, conduct required research, and resolve inquiries Engages directly with leaders at all levels Coach’s leader and other involved parties as appropriate relative to any potential producer/agent relations issues. Provides appropriate solutions Agency Transition Execution Sets up necessary meetings with applicable leaders to discuss logistics and expectations for agency owner Informs HR Deployment Leader appropriately Coordinates notice conversations with impacted agent Works with Agency Establishment Team to ensure off-boarding is handled appropriately Job Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in related field preferred 2-4 years of related experience Professional with good organizational, communication and administrative skills Intermediate time management skills, including ability to handle multiple projects, prioritize and organize Ability to establish, manage and leverage relationships with involved parties Ability to think conceptually, analytically and creatively Ability to take initiative in identifying opportunities for individual and team improvement. Engages in self-development Relationship management experience – Ability to answer clients initial questions on projects and services; Builds and maintains effective relationships with clients Interpersonal skills – Demonstrate awareness of involved parties attitudes and feelings. Exhibit tact and consideration Intermediate communication skills – Communicates information necessary to the project, both written and orally; Acts as a contact for questions relating to specific processes Teamwork/collaboration skills Understanding of producer/agency operations – possess general knowledge of HR and company policies and procedures, and familiarity of federal and state laws and regulations The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.