What’s better than the opportunity to build cutting edge new software tools? The opportunity to do so as an entry level team member in a job with 40 hour work week. At Spectrum, we pride ourselves not only on our great software but our fantastic work-hard-play hard mentality in which our Junior Software Developers can not only work in the fabulous city of Chicago, but actually explore and enjoy it too. So if you’re a creative programmer looking to work on products that matter to real life customers within exciting new spaces like that of artificial intelligence, please, read on. Responsibilities Beyond working with state of the art technology, you will have many different fantastic projects to work on as a Junior Software Developer at Spectrum. Here are just a few different responsibilities you can expect off the bat: Work closely with management, end-users and IT peers to develop new applications or enhancements to existing applications. Utilize the .NET Framework and best practice software design practices in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. Research, plan, design and develop new applications, maintaining existing code, working on new enhancements and features, writing, tuning and debugging SQL stored procedures for use with web applications. Collaborate with other developers and management, sharing ideas during team meetings, and learning from senior developers. Work with source code control systems. Participate in code reviews with other team members to ensure development guidelines and security standards are met. Code against cloud service APIs to optimize and automate the development workflow. Some Characteristics That Define You As a Junior Software Developer in Spectrum’s agile development environment, you will have an array of different roles both in and outside of your core team. As such, here are just a few traits that should define you: Forward Thinking. Peeking into the future is a day-to-day occurrence in the software department at Spectrum. It’s important that you’re always considering what’s coming next, and how we can get there. Candid. At Spectrum our goal is simple—growth. In order to grow our software, our team, and ourselves, it is essential that you are honest and open with your ideas and your opinions. Problem Solver/Puzzle Lover. As a developer, you love finding that needle in a haystack we call a bug, and being the first to solve tough problems. Analytical. In order to solve problems and build innovative new tools, it is essential that you know how to take an idea and analyze it from all of its angles. Detail-Oriented. When you work with long lines of code all day, it only makes sense that you’re extremely detail-oriented, ensuring that everything will run smoothly and efficiently. Business-Savvy. Beyond the wicked development skills you bring to the table, we also want you to consider the business implications of our software tools. From the ways our team will use them to how our customers will use them, we always want you to keep the user and the business application in mind. Required Skills and Experience On top of the many intangible skills you bring to the table, there are many skills that can help improve the efficiencies and success of your work at Spectrum. Here are a few of those required skills and experience that you will come in with as a Junior Software Developer on our team: A bachelor’s degree/pursuing a bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, information systems, or a related field. .NET/C Microsoft SQL HTML and CSS Visual Studio Written and verbal expression Building REST clients JavaScript/JQuery A version control system (Git, SVN, etc.) CSS frameworks (Bootstrap, Foundation, etc.) MVC design pattern and object-oriented programming Razor or similar markup language Benefits As a Junior Software Developer at Spectrum there are a ton of fantastic perks and benefits that come along with your work. Here are just a few of the benefits you can expect when joining the Spectrum family: Comprehensive medical & dental insurance Retirement planning & company matching Generous PTO, including sick days & holidays A state-of-the-art office environment Nintendo Switch in-office gaming such as FIFA, Arms, Mario Kart, and Rocket League Year-round gym memberships Paid continuing education Casual dress code Flexible scheduling Free-Lunch-Friday Company sponsored parties and group activities outside of the office