The Customer Operations Specialist has primary responsibility for managing the relationship between assigned accounts and Bel Brands Supply Chain, focusing efforts on the order management process. This role manages the relationship by working directly with the customer and broker accounts while gaining knowledge of the customer’s requirements and partnering with other internal /external groups to provide the highest level of customer service to all accounts. The Customer Operations Specialist coordinates all aspects of sales orders in an analytical, consultative, and deadline oriented environment, ensuring that each order is delivered on time, in full, with accurate pricing. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Responsible for all aspects of supply chain relationship with assigned customers, including receipt of purchase orders and ensuring prompt resolution of any issues which may arise from the time the order is placed through on time delivery and invoicing of the purchase order Lead Supply Chain initiatives directly with customers and brokers related to inventory management, operational efficiencies, and other collaboration projects. Establish and maintain positive and effective relationships with key internal and external customers including but not limited to Regional Sales Managers, Customers, Brokers, Warehousing, Transportation, Supply Planning, Demand Planning, Finance, IT, etc. Utilize SAP order management system to process customer orders, complete order changes, and monitor compliance of all assigned accounts Manage internal process improvement initiatives related to increased operational efficiency related to the order to cash process. Proactively identify order trends and patterns that will drive efficiency for customers & Bel Brands Audit pricing on customer orders to ensure it is aligned with Bel SAP system, working with RSM, Brokers, and Finance to identify root causes by tracking issues, and identifying solutions for process improvement. Support RSM requests for samples, product availability, filling out customer forms and delivery inquiries Liaise with Commercial Master Data and Sales to edit, add, and inactive customer entities in SAP Navigate in various software environments including: SAP (key user), 3rd Party Logistics, and SPS Commerce Qualifications and Competencies Minimum degree and experience required: Bachelor’s degree required. 5 years’ experience Customer Service experience, preferably in CPG industry Bilingual (English / Spanish) preferred Specific competencies required: Advanced knowledge of SAP order to invoice processing / reporting Intermediate knowledge of MS Office products – Word, Excel, PowerPoint Experience with managing perishable inventory Ability to form, foster, and maintain strong positive business relationships Strong interpersonal and collaboration skills Strong organizational, analytical, problem solving, and independent decision making abilities Experience with account management and business development in Supply chain environment Knowledge of import / export order processing is a plus Performance Expectations: Quality, accuracy, timeliness, reliability, and thoroughness of work performed; ability to gain the trust and respect of management, coworkers and brokers; maintain the integrity of confidential business and product information; ability to communicate effectively and develop good working relationships with other employees is essential to accomplish goals and objectives of the department. Working Conditions: Work is performed largely in an office environment. Hours of work will generally be during regular business hours with at least 40 hours a week. At times there will be some variation in work hours due to special projects, deadlines and other concerns. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Bel Brands is an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, disability status or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. Bel Brands also prohibits harassment of applicants or employees based on any of these protected categories. It is also Bel Brand’s policy to comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws respecting consideration of unemployment status in making hiring decisions. Bel Brands is committed to recruiting, hiring and promoting people with disabilities and veterans. If you need an accommodation or assistance in using the website, please call 312-462-1500. If you think that this job is for you, please click now on the button "Apply".