Job Description Amazon Lab126 is an inventive research and development company that designs and engineers high-profile consumer electronics. Lab126 began in 2004 as a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc., originally creating the best-selling Kindle family of products. Since then, we have produced groundbreaking devices like Fire tablets, Fire TV, and Amazon Echo. What will you help us create? Does the thought of building an ensemble system of multiple Machine Learning techniques excite you? If you are results driven, know how to apply advanced Machine Learning techniques, love to work with data, are deeply technical, highly innovative and long for the opportunity to build solutions to challenging problems that directly impact the company's bottom-line, we want to talk to you. Basic Qualifications Working towards a Masters or PhD in Machine Learning, Data Mining, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or a related field. Strong background in machine learning with domain knowledge and experience in the following areas: data-driven statistical modeling, graphical models, feature extraction and analysis, supervised learning, in particular discriminative methods. Fluency in a high-level modeling language such as MATLAB or R. Fluency in a low-level language such as Java or C++. Experience with large data sets. Superior verbal and written communication skills. Experience using optimization modeling languages such as AMPL or Mosel ans optimization tools such as CPLEX or Xpress Preferred Qualifications Ability to convey rigorous mathematical concepts and considerations to non-experts. Ability to distill problem definitions, models, and constraints from informal business requirements; and to deal with ambiguity and competing objectives. Strong software development skills. Experience with visualization of data. Experience working in small teams and shipping products. Lab126 is part of the Amazon.com, Inc. group of companies and is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer-Minority/Female/Disability/Vet