About LEWIS We are an entrepreneurial integrated communications agency that has gone from start-up to multi-national in twenty three years. We now rank among the top 40 agencies worldwide with 29 offices, 550 employees and revenue of $64m and rising. Our success is due to a combination of factors: talented people delivering award winning campaigns; expanding client relationships into new markets and services; making strategic acquisitions. Our people, agency and campaigns have not gone unnoticed. We have won many prestigious awards in the last 18 months including Cannes Lions, Holmes Report, ICCO, PRCA. Central to our growth has been our policy of reinvestment, with the majority of profits returning to the company to propel development. We can do this because we are independent and 100% employee-owned. As we enter the next phase of growth, our challenge is not to lose any of our character and values. We will communicate a clear and visible brand in the marketplace. We will continue to promote our entrepreneurialism, agility, creativity, credibility and professionalism. We will ensure that we inspire and help our clients to shape tomorrow. It’s an exciting future, and we believe we are at the start of something truly remarkable in our industry. What we look for in our people Agile, bold, collaborative, inquisitive and spirited. These are our values and what we look for in every person at LEWIS. As we evolve, grow and expand, we want people that recognise the need to think differently. To understand the full marketing communications mix, even if a specialist in a particular aspect. We want all our people, whether a paid media specialist or media strategist, graphic designer or analytics manager to have an appreciation of the wide and deep capabilities available to clients that work with LEWIS. We want our people to be agile to opportunities; bold in their approach; collaborate with colleagues across different services or offices to deliver amazing work; keep learning and challenging the norm; be spirited and committed to develop themselves, their colleagues and the agency. About this role Supporting our Burlington and Boston offices, the Operations Assistant is responsible for managing the general operations and facilities, ensuring that the office is fully operational during working hours. The Operations Assistant is involved in the organization of LEWIS events and the booking of travel and accommodation (both domestic and international) for colleagues and guests. Providing support to the HR, IT and account servicing teams on ad-hoc projects and initiatives is also core to this role. Key responsibilities Manages the general office to include “meeting and greeting” clients and guests, answering the phone, routing phone calls and responding to emails Manages the general operations and facilities of the office, including stock supplies of stationery and consumables, repairs, machines etc. Maintains general office appearance, including conference rooms, kitchen, common areas, etc. Maintains inventory and organization of office and kitchen supplies, including managing related budgets Receives and distributes mail and deliveries; assists with outgoing mail and packages Manages office vendor relationships, serving as primary point of contact for scheduling and invoicing Coordinates internal and external events and meetings, including catering, conference room booking and setup, information packs, agendas, etc. Manages external contracts including cleaners, franking machine, stationery, taxis, couriers and groceries, ensuring we are getting the best service for the best price Organises the logistics of any assigned office initiatives and events Regularly coordinates employee events and celebrations and introduces ideas and intiatives to promote employee morale and culture Prepares, diarises and manages induction schedules for new starters Prepares, diarises and manages introduction/familiarisation schedules for office visitors Schedules/diarises training sessions and schedules, organising the logistics for these and encouraging attendance; issues and collates the feedback forms for the sessions Manages the office absence calendar Prepares and processes travel and corporate expenses as required Provides assistance with copying, faxing, and distribution of materials Assists with travel coordination and booking Supports account servicing, HR and IT teams with general administrative/coordination tasks. About you Strong coordination and communication skills gained in customer-facing role (e.g. HR, recruitment, PA, receptionist, operations support). Ability to get on well with people; able to adapt to the needs of each individual you encounter Calm under pressure and able to manage and meet competing deadlines Experience dealing with highly confidential information with discretion Experienced in managing a varied and changing workload Confident and collaborative; self starter with initiative; able to work at speed Creative thinking, “outside the box”, to providing solutions and solving problems Proven experience of multi-tasking numerous administrative projects through to completion Excellent presentation, written and verbal communication skills Strong Excel, Word and Power-point skills as well as a keen interest in social media Well organized; able to prioritise; attention to detail; a pragmatic approach Well presented, confident, energetic, good-humoured, pragmatic - a credible team player Remuneration and benefits Basic salary dependent on experience 20 days’ vacation per year Health insurance; life insurance 401k with 2% employer match (eligible after 30 days of employment)