Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world. The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance. Choose Accenture, and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career. About the Liquid Studios : Liquid Studios is located in various cities where Accenture has a high concentration of clients who need software developers they can work with face-to-face, using Agile methods of delivery. This role will be part of Boston's Liquid Studio. Liquid Studio residents and client guests collaborate on development of “new IT” solutions (Artificial Intelligence (AI), machine learning, Internet of Things (IoT), blockchain, etc.) using modern software development techniques, beginning with rapid prototyping and construction of business applications, and applying the latest in design thinking and Agile approaches to interactively assemble adaptive applications from modular, proven components. Teams will work in small groups of up to 10 software engineers. Job Description As an Artificial Intelligence Engineer in Boston's Liquid Studio, you will create cutting edge and interactive AI applications through a wide variety of prototypes and pilot solutions built using new and emerging technologies. You will be responsible for developing cognitive applications to solve business problems using leading AI technology frameworks. You will be expected to be hands on with project implementation as well as to guide Accenture clients in planning and design. You will directly interact with clients and executives to create AI solutions to solve potential problems providing in depth explanations. Basic Qualifications: Minimum of 2 years of experience with Artificial Intelligence Minimum of 2 years in Python or other relevant programming language for AI Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Engineering Ability to travel 10% Preferred Qualifications: Hands on experience in one or more of the following AI technologies: Machine/Deep Learning – machine learning algorithms and platforms, neural networks Language – Natural Language Processing, machine translation, emotion detection, language detection, classification Vision – computer vision, object recognition/tracking, face/gender/age/emotion recognition, OCR/handwriting recognition Sound – audio processing, Speech-To-Text/Diarization, speech recognition, text to speech, emotion detection, language detection, sound recognition, gender/age detection, speaker detection AI solutions – Virtual Agents, Video Analytics, Unique Identity/ biometrics, inference engines, stream monitoring, intelligent search, ontologies/knowledge representations Knowledge and experience in some of the key AI platforms, e.g. IBM, Amazon, Microsoft, Google Knowledge and experience of key machine learning and deep learning framework, e.g. Tensorflow, Caffe, Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit/CNTK, commercial technologies/platforms Experience in working at major Technology Consulting firms, AI Technology firms Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status). Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Accenture is a Federal Contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. Equal Employment Opportunity All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process