Overview At Segment, we believe companies should be able to send their data wherever they want, whenever they want, with no fuss. Unfortunately, most product managers, analysts, and marketers spend too much time searching for the data they need, while engineers are stuck integrating the tools they want to use. Segment standardizes and streamlines data infrastructure with a single platform that collects, unifies, and sends data to hundreds of business tools with the flip of a switch. That way, our customers can focus on building amazing products and personalized messages for their customers, letting us take care of the complexities of processing their customer data reliably at scale. We’re in the running to power the entire customer data ecosystem, and we need the best people to take the market. Segment is a data company, so it’s critically important that we make important decisions in data-driven ways. We’re opening a new Strategy and Analytics role that will act as a thought partner to our Product and Engineering teams. This is a high-impact role in which your business expertise, analytical rigor and interpretation of results will materially influence Segment’s product road map. We’re looking for a talented and creative analytics practitioner to help supercharge Segment’s Product Management efforts. Your mandate will be to drive better and faster Product and Engineering decisions. You will be a part of the larger analytics team, and will be embedded in the Product and Engineering team. This is not the kind of data analysis role that focuses solely on inbound “build a dashboard” requests - your success in this role will be based on the quality of decisions made with your help, and the resulting product outcomes. \--------------------- What you’ll do: \--------------------- Affect Segment’s Product road-map by driving objective, data-based decision making in goal setting and initiatives prioritization, design and success evaluation Propose what to build next. Use insights about customer behaviors and long-term trends to identify new levers to help move key metrics Design and evaluate experiments, understand root causes of changes in metrics Define key product metrics and leading indicators, develop tools and dashboards to make these metrics reliable, useful and used by the broader PM organization Be the expert on relevant data sources to answer particular sets of questions, ensuring data integrity. Independently and creatively define and procure relevant information sources that may not be immediately available. Build key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis \--------------------------------------- You’re a great fit if you… \--------------------------------------- You have 5+ years of experience in product analytics or comparable role at a growth stage startup AND/OR experience in top-tier management consulting, PE/venture or investment banking You are a master of analytical and structured thinking You are an expert at telling stories with data, and you convey quantitative results clearly You have proven success in effective two-way communication with stakeholders and influencing decisions You are an expert at SQL and data visualization tools (Tableau) This role requires being full-time in our San Francisco office Segment is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that everyone should receive equal consideration and treatment. Recruitment, hiring, placements, transfers, and promotions will happen based on qualifications for the positions being filled regardless of sex, gender identity, race, religious creed, color, national origin ancestry, age, physical disability, pregnancy, mental disability, or medical condition.