Join our team and make the world better for developers! We are building the Developer Relations dream team in Azure engineering. Our global team is maniacal about making the world amazing for developers of all backgrounds. We're excited to support and contribute to open source platforms, tools, and processes. We’re spreading awareness of Azure and enabling developers to do what they love; write, code, and learn. This is the heart and soul of reinventing Microsoft’s relationship with developers. Sound exciting? This is your opportunity to join and be a key part of our mission! Learn more here: www.aka.ms/meettheteam The mission of the Cloud Developer Advocacy team is to win the hearts and minds of Developers and IT Operators to secure the future of the platform. The Cloud Developer Advocacy team is first and foremost pivoted on enabling a healthy ecosystem for technical communities targeting Azure. Each team maps to a set of Azure services and open source technologies relevant to that technical audience. We will be opportunistic and hire for capability rather than by geography, we will still ensure we have great coverage in the United States and key WW geographies including London, Bangalore, Shanghai, and Tel Aviv. As a Cloud Developer Advocate, you'll be instrumental in building a large and vibrant community for Microsoft Azure. You'll build and nurture great relationships with developers online, create amazing samples and content and will be focused on winning the hearts and minds of our technical audiences at scale. Responsibilities Create content, videos, and samples from beginner to best practices that demonstrates how to develop, deploy, manage, and scale Azure applications. Champion relevant Azure products and services to your target community at conferences, meetups, coding bootcamps, online forums, Twitter, Stack Overflow, Hacker News, and more. Scale your efforts by partnering with the Microsoft field and developers in community programs like Microsoft MVPs, Docker Captains, Oracle Java Champions, etc. Build relationships with key influencers, foster a healthy technical community, and collect and prioritize product feedback and technical blockers with engineering. Win the hearts and minds of developers by building and/or contributing to key OSS projects and building cool, useful, or productive apps. Use data, experiments, and customer feedback to drive growth in your community. Qualifications 3+ years of software development experience building web, mobile and/or cloud applications. Solid communication skills - ability to be both a strong technical writer as well as a dynamic public speaker. Passion for helping developers connect people and communities through the cloud. A self-starter that can manage and prioritize initiatives that will make our developers and platform the most successful. Travel may be required depending on where local and national developer events are held. Previous experience as a developer advocate, developer evangelist, or external developer-focused role. Proven experience working with 3rd party communities, social media and blogging required. APEXAwesomeJobs APEXAwesomeJobsCDA Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.