In 2007, in a rental apartment in Columbus, Ohio DiscoverOrg had the vision of building the world’s foremost sales enablement tool. To get there our CEO Henry Schuck maxed out his credit card and with his co-founder borrowed every dime they could find. By 2012, DiscoverOrg had grown to 35 employees and $5 million of revenue. Since then, we’ve taken funding from Global Private Equity firms like TA Associates and The Carlyle Group, and grown to over $100M+ in annualized revenue. However, we’ve been careful not to lose the culture that has made us strong. We’re lean, we’re nimble, we’re passionate and we’re changing the lives of salespeople and business development representatives all over the world. We make mistakes, we are humble, and we are data driven. Here’s your chance to help us pioneer a new function at one of the country’s fastest growing technology companies. DiscoverOrg’s Mission: DiscoverOrg’s mission is to create a revolution in sales that transforms the global B2B economy. We empower sales reps by giving them the right information, the right technology, and the insight on the right time to contact prospects. By democratizing prospective customer information and making it available to companies of all sizes, we level the playing field so that competitive advantages are no longer based on relationships, insider information, and company size but instead going forward sustainable competitive advantage will be solely predicated on delivering the best products, ideas and value. Moreover, we accelerate global innovation by helping our customers grow revenue faster, reduce their customer acquisition costs, and ensuring that businesses have access to the best products and services that enable them to succeed. Position Overview: We’re looking for a super sharp, and analytical person to join our team and help drive DiscoverOrg’s success. We are open to considering exceptional candidates with a few years of experience up to those that may be at a Manager level in years of experience. The compensation will be commensurate with experience. Responsibilities Here is what a typical day will look like as a Lead Data Engineer: Work with senior leadership to plan and prioritize Data Automation team projects Collaborate with cross-functional teams to design and implement impactful solutions to department and business problems Lead data engineering team’s daily standups and design reviews Mentor other data engineers in adopting best practices Look for ways to automate processes currently performed manually to improve department efficiency Stay up-to-date on new and emerging technologies and methodologies, and how each might be used to solve current and future organizational needs Analyze third party data to understand its overlap with DiscoverOrg data and how best to integrate it Gather and document requirements from technical and non-technical stakeholders alike Work with large data sets: experience developing programs to parse, process, analyze, and comprehend the data Qualifications You're likely a great fit for this role if this sounds like you: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field and 7+ years of experience (Master’s Degree preferred) Experience architecting solutions in collaboration with development, data warehousing, and business intelligence teams. Ability to communicate effectively with, and provide excellent customer service to, stakeholders at all levels of the organization. Experience mentoring/coaching junior and mid-level Data Engineers Self-motivated; able to work independently to complete tasks and collaborate with others to identify and implement solutions. Very strong scripting and automation skills - you believe you can automate everything Ability to quickly switch to new projects as company and department priorities evolve Thorough understanding of Python and SQL data structures and best practices Experience with the common Python data libraries (Pandas, numpy, pyspark, etc.) Experience developing solution within AWS Services framework (EC2, RDS, Redshift, Lambda.) Experience with source control tools such as GitHub and related dev process Experience with workflow scheduling tools such as Apache Airflow Benefits We offer an attractive benefits plan with health benefits that include three medical coverage options, vision and dental coverage – HSA, FSA, 401(k) with employer match, paid parental leave, paid time off, paid sick leave, short- term and long-term disability, life insurance, and AD&D; insurance. Why You Should Join DiscoverOrg: A 7-time honoree of the Inc. 5000 fastest growing private companies Only company to win FOUR company CODiE awards in the same year A three time recipient of the Deloitte Fast 500 award Headquartered in Vancouver Has been profitable for the past 10 years Was named the 2017 Growth Company of the Year at the Oregon Technology Awards Is the industry bellwether with award winning products Supported by an award winning Learning and Development team Is led by an EY Entrepreneur of the Year finalist Has an impressive 4.7 star rating on Glassdoor Is honored to be a 2017 Fortune Magazine Best Workplaces , and Finally, is recognized as a 2017 Inc. Magazine Top 50 Best Workplaces