Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The massive scale and heavy engagement of the people using our products make the Facebook platform an ideal place for marketers to build their brands. It also makes the platform an ideal place to conduct analyses to learn how to improve marketing in the new mobile and value first world. The successful candidate will focus on investigating and understanding the current best practices for different types of advertiser's, verticals, and markets to drive value in Facebook ads marketplace. They will also be focused on working with individual or a group of advertisers, partnering with our sales stakeholders and educating learnings and best practices to internal and external audiences. The team works with various advertisers across tiers and segments to test ideas, learn and educate. The ideal candidate for this position will be passionate about the Facebook family of businesses (Facebook, Instagram, Whatsapp, Messenger, Oculus), and have worked in either Marketing or Advertising with an analytical approach to understanding media buying practices and its impact on driving outcomes. They will have a proven track record of analyzing and deriving insights from data. They would be intellectually curious, a great communicator, data-driven, a fast learner, strong teacher and able to move fast while keeping focused on high impact projects. Applicants should have a strong quantitative understanding, a strong talent for taking complex concepts and distilling them into clear accessible learnings, and a willingness to empower and help others through sharing their knowledge. RESPONSIBILITIES Partner closely with our internal (sales) and external (clients and agencies) stakeholders to help businesses succeed in our ads marketplace through education, reactive support & investigation, and proactive initiatives Apply analytical skills to complex quantitative problems, presenting actionable insights to key stakeholders both reactively and proactively Work closely with our Marketing Science and sales teams, as well as advertisers directly to derive deeper insights into campaign delivery and scaling performance successes and challenges Develop deep understanding and expertise of the Facebook Auction Empower others through sharing of knowledge and execution of education programs Present polished findings and recommendations directly to various stakeholders Elevate key themes to our product research teams that should be focused on deeper investigation or alpha testing of new opportunities MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree in an analytical field (such as Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Economics, or Finance) 5+ years of analytics experience Experience inspiring action based on data-driven insights Experience communicating concepts to non-technical audiences Experience working with and influencing in a cross-functional relationship Experience operating independently and delivering results Experience with SQL and development experience in a scripting language such as Python PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience with experimental design and understanding of statistical data analysis (e.g. regression, probability) Understanding of statistical analysis, experience with packages such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc.