Manager, Consumer Engagement, Insights and Analytics Reports to: VP, Consumer Engagement Introduction Smashbox Cosmetics knows camera-ready beauty. Born out of Smashbox Studios in Los Angeles—the modern-day image factory where countless iconic celebrity and fashion images have been shot—we are a fast-growing, prestige cosmetics brand with domestic and international presence. Staying true to our L.A. studio roots, we are creative and trendsetting, yet laidback and accessible. As part of the Estee Lauder Companies family of brands, we will continue to grow and are seeking qualified candidates to join our exceptional team in Culver City, CA. Summary The Manager, Consumer Engagement, Insights and Analytics, will spearhead, in partnership with VP, Consumer Engagement (CE), the management of several always on real-time insights platforms to provide immediate feedback on brand, communications, product, and consumers behaviors. The primary objective of the role is to identify and utilize the available corporate tools and transform/adapt them to insure greater relevance and unique capabilities specifically for the CE team. This role will identify and contribute thought-provoking consumer insights & foundational learning to identify and develop and measure winning business initiatives. A successful candidate would be able to synthesize data and information, provide actionable insights and Inspire and influence others across the organization to put the consumer first and measure the success of programs in execution. Responsibilities: Provide ongoing tracking, measurement and ROI analysis for the team’s respective marketing initiatives and campaigns. Plan and manage research programs, ROI analysis, and KPI dashboards to provide clear, actionable insights that inform and inspire communication for strategic calendar and brand initiatives. Build a world class digital and social media insights process to provide measurement and insights for ongoing digital and social programs. Support the CE team to develop and gain system alignment on brand proof points in support of a FY 12-month rolling calendar. Strong analytical skills, ability to translate findings from multiple data sources into clear & meaningful recommendations. Present insights and recommendations to marketing teams, executives, and retail partners. Track macro, industry & influencer trends to leverage strategically in 360 marketing campaigns. Provide long-term vision to push the organizations understanding of the competitive and consumer space. Act as key point of contact for Corporate ELC Insights teams in NY. Qualifications Qualifications: 5 years marketing experience in consumer products. Must be adept at thinking strategically and creatively. Strong general management skills to drive projects to completion. Strong analytical, creative, oral and written communication skills. Metrics oriented. Education: Degree in Marketing, Marketing Research, Statistics / Mathematics or Social Sciences, with deep experience in consumer insights, strategy, planning, marketing research analytics. Masters or other advanced degree preferred. Advanced level Excel & PowerPoint a must. Team player who thrives in a collaborative environment and can build, foster and nurture relationships with cross-functional teams. Job: Marketing Primary Location: Americas-US-CA-Culver City Job Type: Standard Schedule: Full-time Shift: 1st (Day) Shift We are an equal opportunity employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Job Number: 183043