What You'll Do As a Data Engineer of the Portals and Data Analytics Engineering team, you will have a unique opportunity to use your creativity in cloud infrastructure to develop innovative big data analytics platform. We are seeking a talented, self-motivated, and highly creative software engineer to join our team to develop new big data platform project. Work with team to develop big data platform, deliver task with good quality, establish Cisco credibility platform for a Cisco Collaboration solution. Work on our large-scale data platform, build, manage or monitor them. Works closely with global team on engagements by estimating the complexity and duration of technical tasks; and providing business value justification and risk evaluation Who You'll Work With The Cloud Collaboration Technology Group (CCTG) is a $1B business unit that develops primarily cloud based collaboration software solutions, and is an integral part of the $4.4B Collaboration portfolio at Cisco, which is investing heavily to transform the future of collaboration experiences for our end users. CCTG’s vision is to be the recognized industry leader in the Cloud Collaboration market as well as to be the industry beacon that attracts top talent. Our strategy is to sustain innovation in our current $1B product line, and to develop innovative new products for the future that expand and positively disrupt our market. We will do all of this, and build a next generation cloud platform with APIs and an ecosystem that deliver tangible business outcomes enabling our customers to get more jobs done! Who You Are Have good understanding of data analytics best practices, including skills such as data modeling, data cleaning, data mining, machine learning and data virtualization. Be an expert in below two or more areas Data storage – experienced in implementing Big Data technologies successfully in an enterprise Knowledge discovery – advanced knowledge in entity and relationship extraction from unstructured data Data governance – experienced in developing and integrating software allowing for flexible and scalable data transformation with data quality controls Data analytics – strong backgrounds in statistics, machine learning and similar technologies. Data visualization – knowledge of tools that are cost-effective and make it easy for end users to better understand and produce reports and graphs. Hadoop Administration - Contribute to the evolving architecture to meet growth requirements for scaling, reliability, performance and security. 1-2 years hands- on experienced in Hadoop, Cassandra, Kafka, Storm, Spark etc big data tools. A qualified java/Scala engineer. Flexible, Self-motivated, Problem solver who can work both individually as well as an effective Team player with excellent attention to detail and great interpersonal skills (both verbal and written) Be willing/able to work crossing boundary to reach best fit solution in real world cloud service. Why Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers. We Are Cisco.