Come join us! To learn and grow each day and unleash your potential while delivering solutions for the Worlds Leading Brands. As our team builds and supports new applications at a rapid pace, we are looking for an exceptional exceptional Cloud Application Developer/ Architect to design, develop and automate the Cloud Platform - cloud policies, cost optimization, provisioning and monitoring. They will be working on the Cloud Platform COE developing a strategy on how to build and best use the Cloud. Setting up Automated services and scripts. Must Have Requirements: A bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering, Technical or related discipline, or equivalent professional work experience Strong Cloud Architect work experience Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to create and present concepts and recommendations to management Hands on experience in the following: Cloud native architecture and development Experience in two or more of the following programming languages. – Java, Angular, J2EE, Node.js, Python. API design and security practices Modern architecture techniques (e.g. event driven architectures, stream processing, event sourcing/CQRS, Event storming) Containerization and PaaS approaches and tools (e.g., Kubernetes, Azure & AWS Container Services) Additional Responsibilities: Participate in OrangePeople monthly team meetings, and participate in team building efforts. Contribute to OrangePeople technical discussions, peer reviews, etc. Contribute content and collaborate via the OP-Wiki/Knowledge Base. Provide status reports to OP Account Management as requested About us : Orange People is an Enterprise Architecture and Project Management solutions company. Our most valuable asset is our people: dynamic, creative thinkers who are passionate about doing quality work. As a member of the Orange People team you will have access to industry-leading consulting practices, strategies & technologies, innovative training & education. An ideal Orange Person is a technology leader with a proven track record of technical achievements and strong process/methodology orientation.