Category: 10 Status: Exempt Position Profile: Officer Reports To: Data Center Support Supervisor Primary Functions: Responsible for technical support, first-line problem/outage analysis, triage, and resolution in a 24 x7 Operations Center. Duties and Responsibilities: Provide Tier 2 technical support to resolve routine technical problems. Triage and escalate more complex problems to Tier 3 support. Assist in leading and coordinating response/resolution efforts for complex system problem/outages until Outage Coordinator duties are assumed by senior IM personnel. Ensure that timely and accurate notifications are provided on an ongoing basis to designated credit union management and staff. Create, modify, administer and troubleshoot basic batch automation tasks/job packages with automation software. Maintain current professional and technical knowledge pertaining to industry standards and best practices in the field. Perform other duties as assigned. Education: Associate's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related field. Creditable Experience in Lieu of Education: Equivalent in technical training and/or work experience. Experience/Skills: Two years experience with networked PC, terminal and printer hardware installation and configurations to include related operating systems. A+ certification, Microsoft Technology Associate (MTA), or other manager-approved IT certification, required. Additional technical certifications a plus. Must have working knowledge of client/server networking, multi-protocols, scripting languages, and databases. Excellent communications and interpersonal skills required. May require shift work. Tenure: Assignment to the Data Center Support Analyst I, category 10, Data Center Support Analyst II, category 9, Data Center Support Analyst III, category 8, or Senior Data Center Support Analyst, category 07, will be determined by the candidate's education or experience. Advancement requires management recommendation and will be based on the candidate's certifications and/or performance.