Applied Materials is a Fortune 500 company with over 14,000 employees in more than 90 locations and 20-plus countries. Everyday, we help high tech manufacturers around the world stay in the vanguard of technology and increase efficiency throughout the equipment lifecycle, so they can realize their technology roadmaps, solve tough problems, and overcome production challenges. We’re where they need us, when they need us, with the in-depth process expertise, advanced services, and continuous innovations they demand. Join us as we turn today’s innovations into the industries of tomorrow. FIELD SERVICE ENGINEERS As an Applied Materials Customer Engineer you will work side-by-side with our customer inside their factory. You will Install, Maintain,and Repair the most advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing systems in the world. During a routine work day, you may be working on systems that incorporate: Robotics Hydraulics Thermal Systems Lasers Advanced Control Software Precision Optics High Vacuum Computers and Networking High/Low Pressure Systems Scanning Electron Microscopes Gas and Chemical Delivery Systems Pneumatic Controls All of this within an ultra-clean environment that is much cleaner than an operating room in your local hospital! TYPICAL JOB DUTIES: Installation and integration of multi-million dollar precision wafer fabrication systems thru customer handoff Utilize advanced tools (Oscilloscopes, DVM’s, Advanced Software Diagnostic’s, etc.) to ensure that maintenance and calibration are perfect Review equipment engineering specs and provide feedback to the factory for improvements Build and maintain customer satisfaction through clear, consistent communication and the sharing of collective knowledge. Qualifications MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: 3 or more years of electromechanical experience, or equivalent Requires current driver’s license. Must be willing and able to travel, including internationally. Flexibility to work on shifts/overtime/stand-by/on-call/holidays when required. Position located in Phoenix AZ. Other locations available outside Arizona too if interested. MILITARY SKILLS: Specifically looking for military with avionics, electrical, mechanical or nuclear engineering skill sets. CONTACT: Curtis_Geroy@contractor.amat.com, 408.235.6213. Primary Location : Americas-United States of America-Arizona- AZ,Phoenix Job : Customer Service & Support Shift : Rotating Travel : Yes, 20 % of the Time Posting Type : Internal / External Relocation Package : No Relocation