Description At Experian Health, our employees have the opportunity to shape more than products – they shape the future of U.S. healthcare. Experian Health is a pioneer for innovations leading the way in revenue cycle management, identity management, patient engagement, and care management for hospitals, physician groups, labs, pharmacies and other risk-bearing entities. Our success relies on people who are given the freedom to imagine new frontiers in the rapidly changing healthcare space and push the boundaries of innovation. Help us realize our vision of applying data for good and changing the healthcare landscape for the better – for all of us. The Business Analyst will be a key member of the Patient Collections product management team and will support it, by applying a combination of business and technical knowledge in healthcare revenue cycle management software and processes. You will have responsibility to document business requirements including business use cases and logical business flow, functional design, UI design, usability, user profiling, scenario building, interviewing or other kinds of information gathering. You will document internal processes and client facing documents to improve operations and client use of products. You will establish, build and strengthen internal and external relationships. You will rely on product knowledge, technical expertise and business knowledge in revenue cycle management processes to document strong product artifacts across the product suite. Business requirements analysis and documentation responsibilities: Ability to translate business need into detailed business requirements and management skills to ensure disciplined, predictable product development. Assist product management in creating project charter and high-level requirements Drive process improvements in this area. Mentor all involved in creating and using business requirements. Assist test team in creating test plans and test cases based on business requirements Provide input to design of User Interface and navigational structure Develop copy to correspond with application and user communication Work closely with cross-functional teams including development, QA/Testing, Sales, Marketing, Client Services Assist in user communication, user documentation and other collateral materials to maximize sales and to improve user functionality. Ability to communicate technical concepts to technical and non-technical audiences Knowledge, Experience & Qualifications Education and Experience Bachelor’s Degree in business administration, engineering, or computer science; 3+ years’ business analysis; project management or information systems experience required; Equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. Healthcare revenue cycle experience required Demonstrated leadership ability Outstanding written and verbal communications Thrive on challenge, great at tackling several things at once. _Experian is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Anyone needing accommodation to complete the interview process should notify the talent acquisition partner. The word "Experian" is a registered trademark in the EU and other countries and is owned by Experian Ltd. and/or its associated companies._ _EOE including Disability/Veterans_