The senior level incumbent is responsible to develop and maintain Chelan PUD's Technical Library. This includes collecting and managing asset and operational information and graphics, writing, editing, processing, and presenting training materials, procedures, instructions and technical data, supporting the development of WECC/NERC reliability and compliance documentation and training materials, and managing interdepartmental communication and coordination of "Content Management". Provide leadership to Chelan PUD personnel in the design and implementation of effective information management and knowledge transfer processes and systems. If filled at a level I, the incumbent will work to support the above activities. JOB FUNCTIONS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential function of the job satisfactorily. Essential functions (EF) are those activities that, if not performed, would significantly and fundamentally alter the position. Secondary functions (SF) are activities not fundamental to the job and may need to be relaxed to accommodate an otherwise qualified applicant with a disability. EF/SF % Job Functions 1\. EF INFORMATION COLLECTION: Collect information from internal subject matter experts, entities associated with District functions, and contractors /vendors supplying project information. This includes but is not limited to drawings/schematics, specifications, spare parts, nameplate data, and recommended operational and maintenance processes and procedures. Coordinate the delivery of information collected in a format aligned with Technical Library standards. Level I incumbent collects asset and equipment information, including from subject matter experts, drawings, vendor manuals and information, reference information, and Maximo. Supports Asset Management with asset information collection, storage and retrieval in electronic systems. 2\. EF WRITING AND EDITING: Write and edit asset and equipment content based on input from subject matter experts and other District staff. Revise current content for accuracy. Revise externally developed material to reflect District practices and needs. Coordinate the review of documents with various content experts and ensure timely turnaround. Assure completeness, accuracy and standardization of content. Level I incumbent will write and edit new content for the operational maintenance instructions (OMI’s) as well as revise current OMIs for accuracy and in response to problems. Support the development of WECC/NERC reliability and compliance documentation. 3\. EF LAYOUT, DESIGN AND GRAPHICS: Format content into the District's information delivery structure and publish on the intranet. Create illustrations and capture photographic images. Integrate CAD images into technical illustrations. Create and support the archival of images for Generation to use. Organize and provide consistent design of all materials including text, graphics, photos and navigation tools in order to ensure ease of use of the documents. Level I incumbent creates illustrations and capture photographic images. Integrate CAD images and capture and integrate video into the District standard layout and design. 4\. EF TRAINING Participate in development and documentation of training materials. Responsible for the development, implementation and maintenance of content for NERC compliance standards. Coordinate and implement training as required. Maintain a working knowledge of best maintenance practices associated with transmission systems, distribution systems, hydro generation equipment and ancillary systems. 5\. EF SAFETY CONTENT: Work with Safety personnel to develop and deliver safety information and documentation which is tightly integrated into all planning and intranet content. 6\. EF WORK COORDINATION: Plan, coordinate and monitor ongoing or project related work performed by Documentation Specialists and other professional or administrative staff to meet department objectives. Communicate progress and barriers to stakeholders. Level I incumbent will work with IT to ensure information is managed within District requirements. (I.e. security, back-up, location, etc.) Plan, coordinate and develop web-based delivery system of information. Collaborate with others to ensure that technical documentation in future projects are delivered in the format requested. Educate other departments on the resources available and its value to the District. 7\. EF PROCESS CHANGES AND ENHANCEMENTS: Identify stakeholder information needs, identify solutions, and develop or revise information and documentation tools and processes from intake to knowledge transfer. Collaborate with IT to ensure information management process are managed within District requirements (i.e. security, back-up, location, etc.). Educate other departments on the resources available and its value to the District. May lead the implementation of new technical documentation technologies and work methods, in partnership with technical staff and management. Level I incumbent is responsible for planning and tracking to develop production plans on an annual and quarterly basis. Collaborate with others to schedule production; track production. 8\. EF Ongoing Maintain regular and predictable attendance. Perform related duties and responsibilities as required. Comply with District policies. Complete all required training. Maintain a working knowledge and comply with District safety procedures and specific safety requirements of this position, and those in accordance with applicable provisions of the Revised Code of Washington (RCW) and Washington Administrative Code (WAC). 9\. SF Ongoing Drive a motorized vehicle while conducting business on behalf of the District. QUALIFICATIONS: The qualifications listed below are representative of those required, but reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. Post-Secondary Education: Bachelor's degree (B.S., B.A.) from a college or university in one of the following areas: Technical Writing, English, Communications, Information Management or Graphic Design; or equivalent combination of education and experience that provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities. Experience: Level I requires three (3) years of technical writing/documentation experience. Senior level requires six (6) years of technical writing and technical information management experience that includes leading or providing significant contributions to process changes and/or implementing work methods through the use of technology. Knowledge and/or understanding of electric utility maintenance and operations is preferred. Specific KSAs: A fully skilled incumbent will have the following specific knowledge, skills, and abilities: Knowledge: Knowledge of processes and systems used for effective information management and knowledge transfer. English Language - Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition and grammar. Communications and Media — Knowledge of media production, communication, and dissemination techniques and methods. This includes alternative ways to inform and entertain via written, oral, and visual media. Knowledge of technology in use by the District. Skills: Basic database query skills using structured query language (SQL) Writing — Communicating effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience. Excellent editorial and organizational skills. Reading Comprehension — Understanding written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents. Active Listening — Giving full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times. Abilities: Requires ability to plan and effectively organize workload. Ability to communicate effectively at all levels within the organization. Written Expression — The ability to communicate information and ideas in writing so others will understand. Written Comprehension — The ability to read and understand information and ideas presented in writing. Oral Expression — The ability to communicate information and ideas in speaking so others will understand. Deductive Reasoning — The ability to apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense. Language Skills: Must be proficient in reading, writing and speaking English. Computers & Equipment: A fully skilled incumbent will have the ability to utilize the following software, hardware, or equipment: To perform this job successfully, an individual is required to have knowledge of SQL Developer, intermediate knowledge of PeopleSoft Timekeeping/HR; PeopleSoft Financials; Microsoft Outlook; Microsoft Excel; Primavera; Maximo Order Processing; Maximo Asset Management; PC Hardware; General Office Equipment; other equipment including digital cameras, digital scanners, and digital video equipment; Adobe Acrobat; Desktop Software Applications including layout application (Adobe PageMaker or InDesign); illustration application (Adobe Illustrator or Macromedia Freehand); image editing application (Adobe Photoshop or Paintshop Pro); web editor (Microsoft FrontPage, Macromedia Dreamweaver, or Adobe GoLive); and HTML and XML. Advanced knowledge required with Microsoft Word, Microsoft SharePoint, Adobe Acrobat and Microsoft PowerPoint. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to use hands to finger, handle or feel; perform repetitive hand or arm motion; and talk, hear. The employee is frequently required to walk and sit. The employee is occasionally required to stand; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, crawl or twist torso; pull, push, or exert force; and taste, smell. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently exposed to outdoor weather conditions. The employee is occasionally exposed to work near moving mechanical parts; fumes or airborne particles; risk of electrical shock; and vibration. The noise level is usually moderate. BACKGROUND SCREENING Pursuant to the North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC) standards, Chelan County Public Utility District 1 conducts background screening of personnel who have access to the District's critical physical and/or cyber assets. DISCLAIMER The statements contained herein reflect general details as necessary to describe the principal functions for this job, the level of knowledge and skill typically required, and the scope of responsibility. This should not be considered an all-inclusive listing of work requirements. Individuals may perform other duties as assigned, including work in other functional areas to cover absences or relief, to equalize peak work periods or otherwise to balance the workload. EEO Chelan PUD is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and values diversity at all levels of the organization. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or other protected classifications as defined by law. EO M/F/Disability/Vet Employer EEO Law Poster (English or Spanish) EEO Law Poster Supplement (English) Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-I.35(c)