Systems Administrator for Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) Autonomic Logistics Information System (ALIS) at the F-35 Final Assembly and Check Out (FACO) facility in Nagoya, Japan. Employment is contingent upon contract award, expected on or before May 1st. The FACO Systems Administrator is expected to provide maintenance of ALIS to include performing backups, applying any operating system updates and configuration changes, installing information assurance vulnerability alerts (IAVAs), installing and configuring any new hardware/software, adding/deleting/modifying user account information, resetting passwords, answering technical queries, responsibility for security, responsibility for documenting the configuration of the system, and troubleshooting any reported problems. The ALIS System Administrator works with other ALIS administrators onsite and at other sites to provide and ensure complete oversight of the ALIS databases, network, and system. The ALIS System Administrator provides inputs to the ALIS Network Administrator in determining the optimal time or period to perform network configuration changes in effort to reduce the impact to end users and coordinates the system wide backup and data restore process and essential data retention required for future recovery purposes. The ALIS System Administrator also coordinates with the other administrators to assist in minor software related tasks, maintain tools and processes used by ALIS administrators, and perform needed maintenance and support for a given application for which the administrator is responsible. Must be willing to travel, to include CONUS/OCONUS deployments for extended periods depending on operational needs The selected applicant selected may be required to travel extensively, work rotating shifts, and work in excess of 40 hours per week. Deployment is contingent upon completion of the OJT required at Lockheed Martin’s training locations prior to international assignment. Training will occur primarily at Luke AFB in Glendale, AZ. Other locations may include but are not limited to: Nellis AFB, NV, Hill AFB, UT; Eglin AFB, FL; Edwards AFB, CA; Fort Worth, TX; Orlando, FL; Yuma, AZ; Beaufort, SC. Relocation: Relocation is available for this exciting international assignment Desired Skills: 1) Previous experience, current knowledge, and developed skills in system administration are highly desired and preferred. 2) Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCITP) 3) Certified SOLARIS system administration 4) Experience and knowledge of Japanese language and culture would be a plus BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelors degree from an accredited college in a related discipline, or equivalent experience/combined education, with 6 years of professional experience; or 4 years of professional experience with a related Masters degree. The System Administrator requires a particular set of skills and knowledge to adequately perform system administration, including but not limited to: system management, information/data security, and system configuration control. Security+ Certification is required. Specific job requirements include: 1) Strong systems & software engineering and/or systems administration process background 2) Prior Systems Administration experience 3) Good communication & Verbal skills 4) Self starter & be able to Multi-task 5) Working knowledge and/or ability to learn the following: Network-attached Storage (NAS)/Storage Area Network (SAN) Technology Virtualization Technology WAN/LAN Infrastructure & Technology Web Application Server Technology Messaging and Messaging Queuing Technology Virtualization Technology Application Troubleshooting Scripting (shell, batch) 6) Must be willing to work off hours, to include 0300-1200, 0700 -1600 or 1000-1900 (standard), and/or 1500-2400 depending on operational needs. 7) Must be willing to travel. 8) Time zone differences may require adjusted shift schedule as necessary to participate in telcons or VTCs with external agencies. Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.