Overview The Madison Square Garden Company (MSG) is a world leader in live sports and entertainment experiences. The company presents or hosts a broad array of premier events in its diverse collection of iconic venues: New York’s Madison Square Garden, The Theater at Madison Square Garden, Radio City Music Hall and Beacon Theatre; the Forum in Inglewood, CA; The Chicago Theatre; and the Wang Theatre in Boston. Other MSG properties include legendary sports franchises: the New York Knicks (NBA), the New York Rangers (NHL) and the New York Liberty (WNBA); two development league teams - the Westchester Knicks (NBAGL) and the Hartford Wolf Pack (AHL); and one of the leading North American esports organizations, Counter Logic Gaming. In addition, the Company features popular original entertainment productions - the Christmas Spectacular and New York Spectacular – both starring the Radio City Rockettes, and through Boston Calling Events, produces outdoor festivals, including New England’s preeminent Boston Calling Music Festival. Also under the MSG umbrella is TAO Group, a world-class hospitality group with globally-recognized entertainment dining and nightlife brands: Tao, Marquee, Lavo, Avenue, The Stanton Social, Beauty & Essex and Vandal. More information is available at www.themadisonsquaregardencompany.com Specific Functions/Activities Summary Summary - The Business Intelligence Analyst will report to the Director, Data Operations and will be part of a team responsible for design and development of an enterprise wide business intelligence solution, Tableau. BI team provides analytical services and solutions to the organization's decision-making process, corporate performance management, and clients. This position will meet frequently with management to discuss needs or requirements and translate into intuitive information dashboards and visualization. The analyst will consult with business users regarding the use and management of data as well as work in design, maintenance, and completion of highly visible organizational projects creating efficient solutions. This is an opportunity to work closely with a team that has a diverse set of data-oriented skills, to develop visualization solutions with data that spans all of MSG’s business units and includes metrics for the Knicks, Rangers, Rockettes, and concerts held in MSG venues. The ideal candidate will be passionate about the field of analytics and well versed in all aspects of an enterprise-wide analytics architecture including data integration, data modeling, and master data management. Responsibilities: Partner with business stakeholders to define their business intelligence needs and develop solutions for delivering against them Design, build, maintain, and optimize data visualizations and other self-service tools to provide actionable insights that enhance business decision making Set up tools and processes for effective data management. Shape best practices in visualization to deliver an excellent end user experience Leverage full range of Tableau platform technologies to design and implement production ready solutions and create advanced BI visualizations. Partner with enterprise data architects to define data requirements of business intelligence visualizations and tools Develop and provides documentation, training, and support for clients. Champion utilization of business intelligence technology across functional roles throughout the organization Manage portfolio of business intelligence projects to ensure delivery Perform data analysis and identify business trends that can be turned into actionable insights Qualifications Qualifications: 3+ years business intelligence experience Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field 3+ years working with Tableau Software; up to date on the latest version and product capabilities, familiar with Tableau's JavaScript API. 3+ year of experience developing using the following technologies: Javascript, JQuery, CSS/CSS3 and HTML/HTML5, Bootstrap 2+ years’ experience in integrating data visualization tools successfully with Big data ecosystem Strong spirit of innovation, self-starter, independent, and with ability to come up with solutions to meet business problems Strong desire to learn new things and pass knowledge acquired onto others Experience in implementation of end-to-end BI life-cycle projects including dimensional modeling, ETL/integration processes and metadata modeling Must have experience in Agile reports delivery methodology Must have deep understanding of data warehouse processes, dimensional modeling (star schema and snowflake schema) and ETL/Integration Keen attention to detail with deep quantitative and analytical skills and demonstrated capacity to solve problems and enhance reporting Strong relationship skills and ability to build alignment among customers and key stakeholders with demonstrated experience influencing without authority Self-starter with ability to solve ambiguous/ open ended business challenges Ability to work effectively in a fast paced, deadline driven, highly dynamic atmosphere and react quickly to changes and shifting priorities. Preferred Qualifications: Data interfaces such as Web Services, REST API and XML Education Candidates who have completed 60 credits of college-level coursework (representing 2 years), or have shown similar self-development through certifications, trade school coursework, etc. are preferred. Educational requirements may differ from job to job based on the role. EEO Statement At MSG we value diversity and are looking for extraordinary employees of all backgrounds! MSG is an Equal Opportunity Employer and provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, citizenship, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. In addition to federal law requirements, MSG complies with all applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in all locations.