Requisition Number: 62963 As the new Solutions Architect for our Connected Workforce practice, you will lead full client lifecycle conversations from procurement to end of life services for devices and IT assets. With your deep industry and services experience, you will partner with internal and external stakeholders to gather requirements and drive solution activities including proposals & statements of work and financial modeling. If you are ready to join a winning team and use cutting edge technology to drive innovation and commercial success - then apply now! What you’ll do at Insight: Build relationships with clients at the manager and director level Partner with sales teams as a Subject Matter Expert Create and implement a solution roadmap for large clients across industries Develop pricing, SOWs and proposals for best practice solutions Assist clients with complex projects across disciplines and business units What you’ll need to join Insight: Presales experience from devices and laptops Deep industry knowledge A collaborative mindset Ability to travel up to 20% A track record of successful proposals and SOWs The position described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight. For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, click here. About Insight Today, every business is a technology business. Insight Enterprises, Inc. empowers organizations of all sizes with Insight Intelligent Technology Solutions™ and services to maximize the business value of IT. As a Fortune 500-ranked global provider of digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services, we help clients successfully manage their IT today while transforming for tomorrow. From IT strategy and design to implementation and management, our 6,800 employees help clients innovate and optimize their operations to run smarter. Discover more at insight.com. Global provider of Intelligent Technology Solutions™ for organizations of all sizes Ranked 417 on the 2018 Fortune 500, 12 on the CRN Solution Provider 500 Founded in 1988 in Tempe, Arizona; now celebrating our 30th anniversary and operating in 20 countries $6.7 billion in revenue for 2017 6,800+ teammates worldwide working with 5,300+ partners 2017 Arizona’s Most Admired Companies (AZ Business Magazine), 7 2017 Best Places to Work (Phoenix Business Journal) 2018 Dell EMC Server Partner of the Year, 2018 Intel Retail Solution Partner of the Year, 2018 IBM Geography Excellence Award as the Top National Strategic Business Partner in North America, Microsoft’s largest global partner Today's talent leads tomorrow's success. Learn about careers at Insight: jobs.insight.com. Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. Posting Notes: Tempe || Arizona (US-AZ) || United States (US) || None || None || US - Chicago, IL; US - Tempe, AZ ||