At 360insights, our culture is driven by a simple concept – happiness. We believe happiness makes for better business and a better world and we know it makes a difference in how our team serves our clients. Awarded “Best Workplace in Canada” by the Great Place to Work® Institute, and rocking a Net Promoter Score of 88%, 360insights is redefining the client experience, and having a ton of fun in the process! We are seeking a Full Stack Developer to join our Farmington Hills – Michigan based development team. The candidate will be part of a team responsible for delivering the roadmap for our Channel Success Platform. Position We have some of the top brands in the world pushing mission critical data through our systems. We have been confronted with the amazing challenge of building a platform that can scale with our impressive growth and constant need for innovation. Help us design and implement the API platform that will push 360insights to the next level. Responsibilities Build REST-style APIs in Angular / Web API Continuously improve the quality of your code, and help your peers do the same through peer reviews, refactoring, automated testing, etc. Constantly learn Identify and integrate high quality libraries that solve problems (don’t reinvent the wheel) Automate deployment of Microsoft applications, system configurations and security settings Qualifications A degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or a related discipline Minimum 5 years full-time server-side experience writing production-quality code A solid foundation in JavaScript Experience writing SQL queries Windows/Linux server experience Experience with Test Driven Development, Domain Driven Design, Distributed Systems is preferred Experience with C, .NET, Angular, Microservices is an asset Company Overview 360insights is focused on constant innovation and on delivering a more informed approach to the world of consumer and sales channel incentive management. We do this by offering industry-leading technology combined with uncompromising, personalized customer service. Our customers are among the world’s leading brands and we actively seek out and partner with companies who want to show leadership in offering incentive and rebate programs that engage and motivate their channels while building customer loyalty by offering an easy and efficient way to redeem their claims. As a company, partner and community member, we’re focused on making a difference in how business is done and in the world at large. For more information, visit www.360insights.com