Description: We are a fast growing, fast paced, nationwide fleet logistics company seeking a motivated, self starter to join our Dispatch team. The Services Admin will provide support to the operations team through coordination of vehicle services and ensure vehicle readiness to dispatch. Essential Functions Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Communicate and problem solve with dispatch staff and drivers Check vehicles into and out of storage lot Moving and parking vehicles around storage lot Identify services needed on vehicles Schedule appointments for services through client maintenance lines Arrange detailing services Complete condition reports Assist with calling and confirming delivery points Calling vendors for updates and advising clients of delays Reconcile inventory and data entry of information Provide phone coverage and route calls to appropriate staff Implement departmental checklists to support established responsibilities and procedures Complete and update all order system work assignments in an efficient and accurate method Interact with drivers and other staff in a professional and courteous manner Foster a team oriented work environment Make safety an everyday priority Other duties as assigned Competencies Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to use smart phone Exceptional customer service skills Strong organizational skills Ability to prioritize work according to deadlines and client expectations Effectively handle multiple tasks Attention to detail Time Management General office skills- scanning, faxing, copying. Requirements: High school diploma or GED. Minimum of 1 years of relevant experience, or any equivalent combination of education and experience that demonstrates the ability to do the job. Previous dispatching experience preferred Experience using a data processing system. Strong logistic and geographic skill set. Minimum 3 years experience with Windows computer system and Microsoft Office Programs (Word, Excel, Outlook, etc). Strong knowledge of customer service delivery techniques and problem solving methods. Accurate typing skills. Knowledge of queries, sorting and other database related skills. We offer a friendly and dynamic atmosphere with a positive and upbeat culture! We believe in taking care of our team, our company, and our clients! We provide a workplace that encourages both personal and professional growth!