Start YOUR career with DHL today… DHL currently has openings for Part time- Drivers at our Seattle, WA Service Station. You should enjoy the challenge working under tight deadlines to scan, sort, and maneuver our customer’s parcels for transport while understanding the importance of great service quality through attention to detail, a “can do” attitude, speed, and safety. You will get to work with a focused group of international specialists that take pride in meeting the time sensitive logistics demands of our customers. Responsibilities: Ensure safety of self and co-workers Unload, Scan, Sort, Reload times sensitive documents Assist in research efforts to resolve shipment inaccuracies Maintains good work habits, including reporting to work on time and adhering to standard work safety procedures Previous experience using hand held scanners Key Skills & Requirements: High School Diploma or Equivalent (GED) required Must be at least 18 years old, 21 for driving positions (Class B CDL license preferred) Prior delivery driving experience required Strong customer service skills are required Valid driver’s license and good driving record is required Must pass pre-employment and TSA background and drug screening Must also pass medical physical Previous logistics and/or production experience Data Entry or computer system experience Forklift experience Physical Requirements: Must be able to lift up to seventy (70) lbs. occasionally Must be able to lift forty (40) lbs. frequently Must be able to walk, climb stairs, reach overhead, squat, bend, kneel, stoop and crouch repeatedly Please note a resume is required to apply for all DHL positions. If you do not have a resume readily available, please visit: http://dhl-resumebuilder.com DHL is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic. The EEO is the Law poster is available here. http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf Facts and Figures Division EXP - USA Employment Type Permanent Part-Time Business Unit DHL Express US Contract Type Location Seattle, WA Working Hours Job Type Warehousing, Package Handling & Distribution Shift Requirement Mixed Career Level Operatives Relocation Offered Responsible for Travel Required Reports to Area Operations Manager Travel Extent Hire Date 6/1/2018 Work Permit Required Yes