What part will you play? WB Digital Labs (subsidiary of Warner Bros.) is a fast-paced, innovative development division working to build the next generation of video-enabled entertainment brands. Previously known as the startup, DramaFever, we have an established history of building one of the most beloved over-the-top-streaming Korean Drama channels on the market. Now, we are looking at nothing less than to shape the future of media by combining our cutting-edge technology, design, and marketing capabilities with the world’s most beloved and iconic brands (eg. Looney Tunes & DC Comics) to build a portfolio of next-generation multi- media entertainment services and delight fans everywhere. As a Software Engineer, Data on the Backend team, you will work closely with many different teams including the other Software Engineers across all client platforms, the product team, the finance team, the business intelligence team and more. What do we require from you? 6+ years of data engineering experience. 3+ years of software development experience. A delivery mindset. It’s not enough to write the code. It’s has to get into the user’s hands and it has to work! A self-motivated, entrepreneurial outlook. Strong problem-solving skills. An agile disposition. We respect the spirit of agile development, but we pick and choose our ceremonies. Can demonstrate professional experience with at least one full development tool chain. General computing knowledge is desirable. Familiarity with the standard suite of Web Protocols (HTTP, HTML, etc.). Our ideal candidate will also be well versed in our Tech Stack... Python Strong SQL/RDS Redshift Data Modeling/Warehousing Architecture Google Analytics/Segment AWS Core Services(S3, SQS, EC2, etc.) Creating, maintaining and monitoring ETL jobs Talend Tableau Looker Kinesis Lambda Bonus points if... You have experience consuming APIs, writing javascript, mobile development, etc. Have experience with VOD content delivery and display. Have experience working with payment vendors as well as experience working with Google Play store and Apple App store. BSc or MSc in Computer Science, Data Science or equivalent. Have prior experience with web-scraping.