POSITION SUMMARY: The California Academy of Sciences seeks a highly organized Project Coordinator to join the Academy's outstanding Exhibit Studio team. The Project Coordinator assists in the organization and management of exhibitions, project teams, professional contracts, budgets, and overall administration of the Academy's Exhibit Studio. The Project Coordinator reports to the Associate Director, Exhibit Project Management and Production, and will assist in coordination of long-term and temporary exhibitions. Working closely with a Project Manager, the Project Coordinator will implement a variety of deadline- driven tasks and coordination efforts. The California Academy of Sciences welcomes people of all backgrounds, identities, and beliefs to join us in achieving our mission to explore, explain, and sustain life on Earth. We place diversity, equity, and inclusion at the heart of our recruiting efforts and strive to build a culture centered on mutual respect, equal treatment, and the opportunity to succeed. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND FUNCTIONS: Participate in the development and production of new exhibitions through ongoing planning and coordination of project teams and logistics. Collaborate and communicate with interdisciplinary project teams across the Academy. Develop and/or monitor goals, timelines, and budgets for successful implementation of assigned projects. Schedule meetings, create agendas, and keep clearly organized notes and action items for team meetings. Ensure communication of schedules, deadlines, required actions, and decisions to all team members and to supervisors. Coordinate work by outside vendors and in-house staff to meet deliverables and deadlines for exhibit maintenance and production and installation of new projects. Edit written content for accuracy and clarity, to include contracts, exhibit presentation materials, internal and external communications, etc. Facilitate the various stages of graphic design development and the printing and mounting of signage. Monitor expenses on a monthly basis to ensure fiscal responsibility. Facilitate and process payments to contractors and consultants. Communicate effectively and persuasively in both oral and written form, using technology to its best advantage. Follow all Academy safety regulations. Other duties as assigned QUALIFICATIONS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required or preferred. EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE: A qualified candidate will have a combination of the following experience and/or equivalent education: One to two years of progressively responsible experience in a project coordination role. Experience in a lead capacity desired. Previous experience developing exhibitions or similar complex, collaborative projects and familiarity with the responsibilities of curators, content developers, designers, preparators, registrars, fabricators, and other exhibit-driven positions is highly desired. Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in museum studies, business administration, design, or related field. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Excellent communication, research, organizational skills, and attention to detail required. Ability to work with a wide diversity of people and build consensus. Demonstrated flexibility and initiative in solving problems. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment while effectively managing one's time and assignments. Fluency with a range of computer software, including: MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint); Google Apps; other online, cloud-based project management and collaboration tools. Basic knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite desired. Familiarity with and ability to read architectural drawings desired. English fluency in both spoken and written form. LANGUAGE SKILLS: Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups or individuals. Bilingual (spoken and/or written) in Spanish, Cantonese, Mandarin, or other non-English language preferred but not necessary. PHYSICAL DEMANDS & WORK ENVIRONMENT: The physical demands and work environment described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable persons with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to stand, sit, walk, reach with hands and arms, and talk or hear. Must be able to lift 30 lbs. Must be able to perform repetitive motions 75% of the time. The California Academy of Sciences will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance (SF Police Code, Article 49). The California Academy of Sciences is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to ensure that all employees and applicants receive equal consideration and treatment, regardless of race, color, creed, gender (including gender identity or gender expression), religion, marital or domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical, mental or medical disability, sex, sexual orientation, citizenship, military service status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state or federal law or local ordinance. The California Academy of Sciences is a non-smoking facility. There is also no smoking in Golden Gate Park. (ref. 22932)