Responsible for the design, implementation, administration and maintenance of SAP, HANA/ASE, Microsoft SQL, Oracle databases and related Business Intelligence functions. Ensures system integrity, security, availability, backups and performance of all supported database systems. Participates as a team member in multi-disciplined teams to successfully implement and support systems. Provides on-call support on nights and weekends as needed. Performs duties in a safe, efficient manner and in compliance with all applicable rules and safety procedures. Responsibilities and Specific Duties: Responsible for the configuration, implementation, administration and maintenance of all SAP and other non-SAP databases, ensuring they conform to established standards. Reviews, evaluates and designs databases for custom in-house applications, ensuring they conform to established standards. Responsible for implementation and testing of database patches and upgrades. In conjunction with system stakeholders, defines and configures system access and security in all database systems. Monitors, maintains, documents, and predicts database performance to meet established service levels. Develops entity relationship and data flow diagrams and documents all processes. Writes code for database access, modifications, and constructions, including stored procedures. Creates logical and physical data structures to support established application architecture standards. Establishes maintenance plans for each database, to include backups and recovery. Optimizes data models for maximum application performance and creates physical data models that provide high-level performance. Performs all facets of application integration, data extraction, data transformation, and data loading. Ensures all actions are in compliance with established internal controls and change management processes. Responsible for developing, implementing & maintaining database disaster recovery plans in compliance with the departmental and organizational disaster recovery plans. Responsible for rapid repair and recovery in system failure situations. Maintains strict confidentiality and security of sensitive data. Utilizes an incident management system to manage system related problem tracking and resolutions. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. A certain degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Promotes safety awareness and follows safety procedures in an effort to reduce or eliminate accidents. Performs other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications/ Requirements: Bachelor's degree in a related field preferred. Minimum of five (5) years experience in relevant database administration. Significant SAP database experience on Microsoft SQL Server, SAP HANA and SAP ASE. Experience in supporting non-SAP systems running on both SQL Server and Oracle/LINUX based systems. Demonstrated experience in data migrations, upgrades, patch management and troubleshooting. Strong experience in system integrations, including documentation and monitoring. Strong customer service and organizational skills. Strong interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills. Strong understanding of profiles, security roles, and object level privileges. Must understand all levels of security, including operating system level, database level and application level. One or more certification(s) in database administration is desirable: SAP Basis or SAP HANA Certifications; Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS); Microsoft Certified IT Professional (MCITP) Additional Information: The Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County, Texas has a zero tolerance drug and alcohol policy for all employees. All internal and external applicants will be required to undergo drug testing before employment and will be subject to further drug and/or alcohol testing throughout their employment. Further, employees who perform safety-sensitive functions will submit to drug and/or alcohol testing in accordance to the Department of Transportation (DOT) and the Federal Transit Administration (FTA) regulatory requirements. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, veteran status, genetic information or disability. Grade T13