As a Software Architect for Bitbucket Cloud, you will join an engineering-led company and the award-winning leader in software development and collaboration tools. This Architect will work with a talented team of Product Managers, Designers, and Developers to reinvent how professional software teams collaborate on code. You'll have a seat at the table to drive innovation by coming up with new and creative ideas to address future challenges. In addition, you'll collaborate with other architects to look for opportunities to improve the architecture of Atlassian's products on the cloud. The primary focus of your role will be to act as a technical leader to direct the future architecture of Bitbucket. You'll not only be working in but will actively shape our maturing and fast- paced SaaS environment. Our architects also help to champion the engineering culture that directly informs how we build our products. You will be answering: what does the painted picture for the future of cloud development look like and how do we get there? You will help guide developers in understanding what things we worry about when designing a new service, and anything that we shouldn't. You will also collaborate across Atlassian to ensure project dependencies all move in the same direction at the same time. This is a high-profile, deeply technical role where you'll have a seat at the table with Atlassian's decision makers. It's also a "career-making" role where you'll work on a service used by millions of developers and hundreds of thousands of professional software teams. This will be an incredibly fun and challenging role where you'll be designing distributed systems that operate at enormous scale, with a high growth rate. This role will benefit from your deep understanding of the latest build, test, deployment, and configuration tools. To succeed, you'll need real-world experience building high-performance, large-scale services (and the scars to prove it). Being passionate about the customer experience, having the ability to ask the tough questions, and being a natural at working across functional areas are traits that will serve you well along with an ability to communicate ideas with developers, stakeholders and the public in both written and spoken form. This will involve setting the technical direction for multiple teams and working on some of the most difficult challenges we face, including: Leading our transformation from monolith to micro-services and from a data center to public cloud infrastructure Guiding the technical direction for the next generation of Bitbucket's storage infrastructure Helping us make the right trade-offs that balance operational costs with growth & market capture Integrating Bitbucket more deeply with other Atlassian platform microservices On your first day, we'll expect you to have (required skills): Natural acumen around building resilient, scalable systems that use dozens of microservices You are hands-on and have achieved mastery of your craft Deep understanding of application security, web applications, and modern techniques for building software You have engineering discipline to produce software with quality Great communication to build and articulate a technical vision for the product Strong organizational and mentoring skills with experience in leading large projects Proven track record of translating product goals into engineering reality Experience dealing with competing priorities in a fast-paced environment More about our Team We are always growing, learning, and adapting, in and out of the office. You'll be joining a team that is smart and very direct. We ask hard questions and challenge each other to constantly improve our work. We are self-driven but team oriented. We're dedicated to agile methodology and big believers in the power of teams. We know the importance of validating our assumptions about customers and implement various types of experimentation to see whether we're right (or wrong). The bulk of the team is based in San Francisco, but you'll also be collaborating with teams in Austin and Sydney. Check out our team blog to learn more about what we've shipped recently: https://blog.bitbucket.org/ More about our benefits Our offices are open, highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year to support your favorite cause, plenty of food and beverages, ergonomic workstations with sit/stand desks, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years, generous employer-paid insurance coverage (medical, dental, and vision) for you and your family, 401k matching and more. More about Atlassian Software is changing the world, and we’re at the center of it all. With a customer list that reads like a who's who in tech and a highly disruptive business model, we’re advancing the art of team collaboration with products like Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, Trello, and now Stride. Driven by honest values, an amazing culture, and consistent revenue growth, we’re out to unleash the potential of every team. From Amsterdam and Austin to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who are powered by passion and eager to do the best work of their lives in a highly autonomous yet collaborative, no B.S. environment. Additional Information We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. _Atlassian, Inc., will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of SFPC_ _Art.49_ _._