The Web Data team at Microsoft is looking for machine learning engineers who enjoy working on complex problems that push the boundaries of AI. We have petabytes scale ever-expanding corpus of all the data on the web to play with. The opportunity is to build customer facing solutions on this massive treasure of data to deliver delightful experiences. One of the main themes of our journey is to move search from ten blue links to directly answering questions which requires state of the art understanding of NLP and Deep Learning. Our work on intelligent question answering and web search gets shipped in Bing, Cortana, Office and other products. We solve problems such as: What are the best and most authoritative sites for a certain topic? Whether content from the web is temporarrily relevant or timeless, deep or shallow, etc. Which key concepts best represent the content? Recognize named entities, e.g. to understand the ingredients and their quantities in a recipe. How to encode a document into an embedding that can capture its essence? We are a passionate team of engineers who attempt to solve these super challenging problems by leveraging our assets such as all the web data in the world, ample computation resources and a pool of judges to create our own data sets. We use popular tools such as TensorFlow, Jupyter Notebook, etc. We are supportive of giving back through contributing to open source and publishing research papers. We value agility to move fast and ship our techniques end to end from data extraction through final ranking to impress our customers. Responsibilities The ideal candidate has strong machine learning experience, moves fast to ship their techniques and likes to work on ambiguous problems that often need to be refined to collect a good quality data set for applying state of the art machine learning techniques. Qualifications BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent 4+ years Machine Learning / NLP experience Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.