The Medicare Sales and Marketing IT Solution Consultant will experience a high degree of interaction with business partners at all levels, IT, and vendors. Consultant will work with Medicare Sales business partners to elicit business requirements in order to build functional/non-functional requirements and logical solution design via Kaiser-s SDLC ALSD document (Application Logical Solution Design). The ALSD is the foundation for the Technical/Application Team in their work to create the next Kaiser SDLC document (Application Physical Solution Design). Both the ALSD and the APSD are utilized by the testing team to build test cases and testing plans. Consultant role includes support of the development and testing teams to ensure understanding of the work to be performed, provide answers to questions, and participate in the review and approval of the APSD, test cases, and testing plans. This role includes issue resolution support when a release is implemented in production. The ideal candidate will have experience with Medicare concepts, Sales and Marketing applications and systems, IT experience, and/or business experience This senior level individual contributor is primarily responsible for serving as the lead technical expert on project teams, contributing to technical direction for varying technical solutions, and ensuring IT systems are effectively utilized. Essential Responsibilities: Conducts or oversees business-specific projects by applying deep expertise in subject area; promoting adherence to all procedures and policies; developing work plans to meet business priorities and deadlines; determining and carrying out processes and methodologies; coordinating and delegating resources to accomplish organizational goals; partnering internally and externally to make effective business decisions; solving complex problems; escalating issues or risks, as appropriate; monitoring progress and results; recognizing and capitalizing on improvement opportunities; evaluating recommendations made; and influencing the completion of project tasks by others. Practices self-leadership and promotes learning in others by building relationships with cross-functional stakeholders; communicating information and providing advice to drive projects forward; influencing team members within assigned unit; listening and responding to, seeking, and addressing performance feedback; adapting to competing demands and new responsibilities; providing feedback to others, including upward feedback to leadership and mentoring junior team members; creating and executing plans to capitalize on strengths and improve opportunity areas; and adapting to and learning from change, difficulties, and feedback. Develops requirements, or leads a team of IT consultants in the development of requirements for complex or specialized process or system solutions which may span multiple business domains by partnering with stakeholders and appropriate IT teams (for example, Solutions Delivery, Infrastructure, Enterprise Architecture). Leverages multiple business requirements gathering methodologies to identify business, functional, and non-functional requirements (for example, SMART) across the enterprise. Leads and oversees the development and documentation of comprehensive business cases to assess the costs, benefits, ROI, and Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) of complex solution proposals. Provides insight, guidance, and recommendations throughout the evolution of applications, systems, and/or processes to a desired future state by maintaining and leveraging a comprehensive understanding of how current processes impact business operations across the enterprise. Maps current state against future state processes. Defines the impact of requirements on upstream and downstream solution components. Provides insight and influence to senior management and business leaders on how to integrate requirements with current systems and business processes across the enterprise. Reviews, evaluates, and prioritizes value gaps and opportunities for process enhancements or efficiencies. Influences solution design by providing insight and consultation at design sessions with IT teams to help translate requirements into workable business solutions. Recommends and advocates for additional data and/or services needed to address key business issues related to process or solutions design. Participates in evaluating third-party vendors as directed. Drives continuous process improvement by leading the development, implementation, and maintenance of standardized tools, templates, and processes across the enterprise. Recommends and advocates for regional and national process improvements which align with sustainable best practices, and the strategic and tactical goals of the business.