Cortana is a key ingredient of Microsoft's vision to democratize Artificial Intelligence and empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Cortana's natural user experience will fundamentally change the way we use devices, applications, services and technology in the next wave of computing. And we're looking for the right people to envision and help deliver an experience that people can’t do without, that gives them more time for the important things, alleviates the stress of daily lives and bring smiles to faces. If you are passionate, creative, and want to thrive on the cutting edge of AI, then the Cortana team is where you need to be. Not only do we partner with product groups like Windows, Xbox and Skype, we work closely with Microsoft Research to contribute to the future of AI and machine learning. We are engineers, researchers, designers, writers, natural language and text-to- speech experts, thought-leaders and key influencers. We take seriously our responsibility to build an inclusive user experience; building inclusive teams is fundamental to that. It’s an exciting time to be a part of the Cortana team, pushing the industry with one of Microsoft’s most unique products. Responsibilities You will be at the forefront of this growing industry, defining and delivering how humans interact with devices in the most natural way. You will be a key part of the team defining the next generation of Cortana devices, owning parts of the device specification. To be successful in this role, you must thrive on the challenge of advancing the state-of-the-art. If you have the vision and passion to make Cortana the industry leader in this space, then this is the job for you. The ideal candidate has a strong technical background and a proven track record delivering innovative & delightful user experiences to market. Qualifications 2+ years Program Management experience Experience delivering experiences that delight users. Experience with the development of devices a plus. Excellent communication, collaboration and execution skills Ability to prioritize and take hard decisions Versatility in driving technical topics, vision, planning and day-to-day project management True passion for AI and technical challenges, with a hands-on approach to science True passion to the conversational assistants/chatbots space and their customers Strong self-learning ability, entering new domains, managing through uncertainty in an agile environment BSc in CS/EE or related areas is required Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.