We are looking for a Clinical Systems and Applications Administrator IV to provide support for the Enterprise Clinical Application systems and ancillary systems. You will be responsible for effectively leading the implementation and support functions for clinical systems. Effectively supervises the business work flow analysis, system definition, design, acquisition and implementation of new and modified computer systems. Coordinates vendor activities in conformance to contracts. Leads the coordination of outside consultants and contractors who assist with implementation and support activities. This role will perform as a technical interface lead on GE Centricity Business and Allscripts EHR interface projects. You must be able to analyze integration requests to determine feasibility and cost benefits of proposed EHR integrations. You will also be tasked with designing, developing, tests and support data and message solutions. You should be an expert in HL7 standards & real time interface builds. You must possess strong analytical and problem solving skills. The individual must have strong communication skills and critical thinking techniques and the ability to analyze and facilitate resolutions to clinical and hospital based system requirements. You must at least have three or more years of experience in clinical Interface related builds and support, preferably Rhapsody or Cloverleaf, as well as experience in a clinical setting, either inpatient or outpatient. This is an on-site role that will report to the University Center Tower during normal business hours on weekdays. It is eligible for full benefits including an outstanding healthcare option and a State of Texas retirement plan. Position Key Accountabilities: 1\. Monitor, maintain and provide primary support for Enterprise Clinical Application systems and integrated systems providing business and functional analysis and communication between clinical staff/departments and IT resources. 2\. Creates and documents Rhapsody/ConnectR interfaces with internal and external vendors. 3\. Develops detailed specifications and documentation for software changes to vendor or for internally implemented modifications, providing communication of all changes to leadership and the user community. 4\. Interacts and collaborates with all levels of healthcare personnel; IT Management, Physicians, Clinicians, Consultants and Administrators. 5\. Specifies the design decisions for developers and database analysts; identifies and documents the data sources, recipients and interfaces that need to be developed to support data collection and maintenance. 6\. Responsible for documenting and updating existing material for reference needs. 7\. Other duties as assigned. Certification/Skills: Expert analytical and problem solving skills; advanced knowledge of MS Office products; advanced computing, analytical and organizational skills. Minimum Education: Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field; or relevant experience in lieu of education. Minimum Experience: Seven years of experience in clinical applications support, preferably Allscripts/Sunrise, Siemens/Invision and/or GE/IDX as well as experience in clinical setting (inpatient or outpatient), with at least 2 years of experience in administrative support. Physical Requirements: Exerts up to 20 pounds of force occasionally and/or up to 10 pounds frequently and/or a negligible amount constantly to move objects. Security Sensitive: This job class may contain positions that are security sensitive and thereby subject to the provisions of Texas Education Code § 51.215