Technical Operations Supervisor, Safety & Security/Emergency Management Department: Corp Security Schedule: Full-Time Shift: Day/Evening Hours: 7a-3:30pm Job Details: SUMMARY OF JOB: Provide operational, technical and project management of all security and emergency prevention technologies, to include direct management, training and development of all security staff assigned to the surveillance center. Assist the Assistant Director of Safety & Security in developing, overseeing and maintain the master scheduling of all security staff to include coordinating the requisition and replacement of all staff. Assist and support the Assistant Director of Safety & Security and Director of Emergency Management, and, assume responsibilities when required or needed. Serve as the liaison between the Safety & Security Department and the Maintenance & Engineering Department for the inspection of Life Safety Systems. Serve as a member of the Environment of Care, Emergency Preparedness and the Environment of Care Security Subcommittee. Report to the AssistantDirector of Safety & Security. CONNECTING TO MISSION: Committed to performing all roles and tasks in concert with the Mission and Values of the Health System. Willingness to assume responsibility for ensuring that the values of Respect, Compassion, Justice, Hospitality, Holistic Approach, Stewardship and Collaboration are present in all interactions with those we work with, those we work alongside and those we serve. RECRUITMENT REQUIREMENTS : Education/Expierence : Bachelor Degree (preferred), with at least two (3) years of progressive leadership experience in either the Fire, EMS, Security or Emergency Management fields; or minimally a high school diploma with at least five (6) years of progressive experience as referenced above. Moreover, two (2) of the required years of experience, must include successful operational experience working at a supervisory level position or above, in a surveillance and/or security environment, and furthermore possessing technical knowledge about CCTV, Access Control and Security Systems. Excellent written and oral communication skills; strong leadership traits, to include excellent consensus and team building skills, operational problem solving and decision making abilities under pressure and in stressful situations. Working knowledge of Microsoft Office applications and generally good computer skills. LICENSE AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS: Certification in NIMS 100, 200, 700 & 800 Pa. Act 235 Certification Must possess a valid driver's license If not present, certification of successful completion must be secured within six (6) months of employment