Project Architect - ( 149640 ) Description About Us At HDR, we specialize in engineering, architecture, environmental and construction services. While we are most well-known for adding beauty and structure to communities through high-performance buildings and smart infrastructure, we provide much more than that. We create an unshakable foundation for progress because our multidisciplinary teams also include scientists, economists, builders, analysts and artists. That’s why we believe diversity is our greatest strength. HDR is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer. Watch our 'About Us' video We believe that the way we work can add meaning and value to the world. That ideas inspire positive change. That coloring outside the lines can illuminate fresh perspectives. And that small details yield important realizations. Above all, we believe that collaboration is the best way forward. Primary Responsibilities In the role of Project Architect, we'll count on you to: Lead a multidiscipline team and perform layout and detailing on architectural projects Independently coordinate work of a multidiscipline team through multiple phases of a project Establish owner/client and internal meetings, and participate in reviews with various governing agencies for code compliance Conduct work sessions at project site in conjunction with Project Manager and other disciplines Coordinate workload of team members through multiple phases to complete documents on schedule Review architectural documents for areas of conflict with all disciplines Perform QA/QC and technical reviews Write and edit architectural specifications Coordinate with and assist affected disciplines with addenda, RFIs, CPRs and change orders Incorporate agreed-upon changes into project documents Lead projects in a dual management role as needed Provide construction contract administration as needed Perform other duties as needed Qualifications Required Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Architecture or closely related field 5+ years experience Registered Architect Experience with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Project Schedule) Excellent written and communication skills Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Proficient in use of Autodesk Revit and familiarity with related tools and process Demonstrated graphic presentation skills Must have experience in preparation and layout of architectural contract documents and specifications Strong knowledge of codes and good planning skills An attitude and commitment to being an active participant of our employee-owned culture is a must Preferred Qualifications Master's degree in Architecture Experience in the areas of healthcare, educational, civic, science and research facilities Experience and/or interest in sustainable design/LEED desired but not required Knowledge of Photoshop, Illustrator, SketchUp and 3-D Studio Max but not required. Rhino and Grasshopper experience Why HDR At HDR, we know work isn’t only about who you work for; it’s also about what you do and how you do it. Led by the strength of our values and a culture shaped by employee ownership, we network with each other, build on each other’s contributions, and collaborate together to make great things possible. When you join HDR, we give you license to do the same. We help you take charge of your career, giving you multiple growth opportunities along the way. Primary Location : United States-California-San Francisco Industry : Architecture Schedule : Full-time Employee Status : Regular BusinessClass : Healthcare Architecture Job Posting : May 24, 2018