As a company, Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We empower our own people to achieve more and make a difference in the world. Join us and lead transformational impact with our top customers. The Account Executive at Microsoft serves as the face of Microsoft leading our most valued customers into the digital age. This role is vital to Microsoft’s competitive ambitions. Traditional sales engagement methods have evolved and customers are seeking consultative partnerships, not vendor, customer relationships. Armed with world class cloud solutions, your role is to unlock the potential of enterprise customers by demonstrating clear business value accelerating their digital transition and success. High level customer satisfaction is a key measure, as are revenue/consumption targets. The most successful Account Executives are ultra-resourceful, master orchestrators of virtual teams, and exceptionally curious to listen and learn from their customers. These attributes allow them to advise confidently and elevate their customer’s business. This role offers incredible opportunity to accelerate your career by driving business impact that can change the future. Be a part of a transformative, learning culture that drives innovation. It has never been a better time join Microsoft and see up close the digital revolution. Responsibilities Leadership Plan and present clear vision of customer success Build and own holistic customer plan detailing critical insights and new business opportunities. Critical that plan is made to evolve and continually vetted ensuring stated objectives. Strive for bold ambition and challenge convention. Build coalition of support at C-level both inside Microsoft and with customer. Define digital success and path to attain. Develop and lead team centric approach with extended teams. Direct clear opportunity ownership among virtual account team. Increase technical and industry acumen delivering innovative ideas to accelerate customer success in the cloud. Execution Laser focus on business outcomes that propel customer satisfaction Consistent, repeatable achievement of revenue and consumption targets through disciplined pipeline, forecast management. Leverage and usage of key business insights to elevate customer conversation and action. World class customer service through alignment of customer objectives and plan to achieve. Deliver tangible solutions to customers solving for greater efficiencies, cost savings, and deep regard for Microsoft partnership. Qualifications Experiences Required: Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: Strong growth mindset. Seeks to solve for difficult customer challenges. Proven ability to lead, build trust and be highly credible across levels of organizations. A strong sales and business background, with 2+ years of technology-related experience Knowledge within Industry and ability to make confident recommendations at C-level, business decision makers. A Bachelor’s degree with exposure to Information Technology (or equivalent) is required; MBA is preferred. Profile Capabilities & Behaviors Required Sales Achiever – Achieve results by understanding digital transformation drivers and customer priorities. Identify new opportunities and help customers accelerate their move to the digital age for their own benefit as well as their customers. Digital Transformation Driver – Anticipate market changes to drive industry-relevant solutions to customers, influencing BDMs and ITDMs, building trust with stakeholders and translating Microsoft solutions into business impact and outcomes that accelerate the customer’s digital transformation Sales Challenger – Continuously build industry and technical knowledge. Bring innovative industry solutions, benchmarks and references to C-level executives that drive greater efficiencies, optimization and increase customer satisfaction Deal Orchestrator – Orchestrate virtual selling team and all Microsoft resources maximizing revenue opportunity. Lead and drive entire sales cycle and leveraging repeatable offerings to accelerate and win deals Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.