Gannett Co., Inc. (NYSE: GCI) is an innovative, digitally focused media and marketing solutions company committed to strengthening communities across our network. With an unmatched local-to-national reach, Gannett touches the lives of more than 110 million people monthly with our Pulitzer-Prize winning content, consumer experiences and benefits, and advertiser products and services. Gannett brands include USA TODAY NETWORK with the iconic USA TODAY and more than 100 local media brands, digital marketing services companies ReachLocal and SweetIQ, and U.K. media company Newsquest. To connect with us, visit www.gannett.com. The Arizona Republic is looking for a smart and driven data reporter who knows scripting languages and has coding skills. We are looking for someone who is a journalist at heart but has the data know-how to scrape websites, build data visualizations and do cutting edge-storytelling. Applicants should also have a track record of using data to drive investigative and enterprise reporting, with a commitment to uncompromising accuracy. Scripting language skills will be valuable in this position. Applicants should know Python, Ruby, or similar language. The specific language is less important than the ability to use it to scrape websites, clean data and do analysis. Applicants should have data analysis skills, in Excel and SQL, or similar programs. But we also are looking for someone who understand that data can reveal gaps in opportunity and fundamental wrongs in our midst. A portion of this reporter’s focus will be on using data, technology and old-fashioned reporting to explain the demographics of our changing nation and the disparities in opportunity that have divided us. The ideal candidate would have an interest in finding and exposing issues that affect minority communities, including but not limited to women, communities of color, people with disabilities, and LGBT people. More than anything, we are looking for a proven ability to learn and innovate. The right candidate will have a demonstrated ability to learn new programs and expand their skills. But we are not just looking for someone who knows code. We are looking for a reporter who knows how to use those skills to report and break stories of consequence. A reporter who is as comfortable working sources as they are interviewing a data set to find insights or scraping important data sets off the web. We want someone who loves to FOIA data as much as they like to scrape it, clean it and analyze it. And we are looking for some who can tell great stories and write clearly. The position is with The Arizona Republic’s investigative team of top-flight investigative reporters and editors. The Republic won a Pulitzer Prize in 2018 for reporting on President Donald Trump’s proposed border wall, which included deep GIS-based reporting and investigation of public records on the deaths of border-crossers. Members of the team have won numerous national awards in the past recent years, and more importantly have done powerful work that has effected change in our community, state and nation. The Republic is part of the USA Today Network, the largest team of journalists in the United States. Requirements: At least 3 years of experience as a reporter for a news media organization. A proven track record of analyzing data, advancing major enterprise and investigative projects, and creating data visualizations. A demonstrated ability to continue to learn and develop data skills. An expert level of knowledge of Python, Ruby or similar scripting language. Expertise in data analysis, including knowledge of Excel and SQL, or similar programs. A familiarity with GIS programs. A bachelor’s degree in journalism or data-related field. Understanding of statistical programs is a plus. content Gannett Co., Inc. is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are a drug free, EEO employer committed to a diverse workforce. We will consider all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity, family responsibilities, disability, education, political affiliation or veteran status.