From Innovations to Solutions. Camelot Innovative Technologies Lab is the leading SAP consultancy for digital value chain management. With more than 20 years of experience we lead our customers in their digital transformation. Our capabilities range from the strategic dialogue around current challenges in the digital world to the implementation and support of innovative solutions. Professional Artificial Intelligence / Data Science Artificial intelligence (AI) aims to create value for its user. This value is delivered either through automation of repeated tasks or through the improvement of the so-called “user experience” through the preparation of cognitive user interfaces. Developers of such AI Systems are referred to as Data Scientists, combining several competencies: Functional knowledge, programming know-how and statistics/Machine Learning. Would you like to work as a developer in exciting and innovative projects related to artificial intelligence? Then become part of our dynamic team. What's your future business? Carrying out exciting data science projects as a developer for our national and international clients Conception and development of machine learning methods (Python or R) to be integrated into business applications Involvement in the development of innovative topics and linking AI services (IBM Watson, SAP Leonardo) Support in training as well as setting up of a data science community Location: Conshohocken (PA) Who are you? Masters or graduate degree in business computing/computer science, maths, physics or a comparable course of study, ideally with postdoctoral experience At least two years of experience in data science Knowledge of the programming languages R or Python and knowledge in data analytics / machine learning methods Outstanding communication and presentation skills What do we believe in? Triggering innovation by collaboration – this is our mission. Consultancy is people business and knowledge is key. That is why we value our employees as much as our clients. Together, we develop skills mutually matching our visions and ideas by constantly learning, growing and innovating. Camelot colleagues take responsibility from the moment they join us. Entrepreneurial attitude is as important to us as strong teamwork, knowledge sharing, diversity and corporate social responsibility. How hungry are you?