CobbFendley is currently seeking an entry level Helpdesk Technician to join our team. The successful candidate will be located in our Houston, Texas office and will interact with the Regional Manager, Department Managers and personnel, and administrative personnel within the company, as well as clients. Responsibilities Reports to System Administrator Serve as the first point of contact for users seeking assistance Monitors support tickets and ensures fast, reliable responses with follow-up documentation Troubleshoot\Repair of hardware and software problems locally and remotely Escalate more technical issues to Level II or III technicians Test and assist with implementation of new technology Maintain inventory records User account creation and permissions Identify user needs and be proactive Requirements: Friendly and outgoing Excellent communication skills, Verbal and Written Work well in team environment Proficient in Windows 7-10 Basic knowledge of Office 2013-2016 Basic knowledge of Dell desktops\laptops Basic Networking LAN\WAN Bachelor’s Degree or at least 3 years support experience Not required but a big plus ShoreTel Phone Systems Microstation\AutoCAD The above list is a broad scope of duties. Each section contains a large scope of sub tasks involved with each responsibility. Physical Requirements: Sitting and/or standing for extended periods of time. Ability to lift 50 pounds Mobility within the office including movement between workstations. Repeated motions (i.e., typing, reaching, bending, lifting and carrying). Verbal communication with other employees and clients. Ability to maintain focus and provide attention to detail. Environmental Factors: Most work is performed in a professional office environment. Extended use of electronic devices (i.e., computers, printers, copiers, scanners, plotters and telephones). Use of cutting tools and equipment (plotting equipment, rotary paper cutter, etc.). Expected hours of work: This is a full-time position. Days and hours of work are Monday through Friday, 7:30 am to 4:30 pm. _If and when duties and responsibilities change and develop, the job description will be reviewed and subject to changes of business necessity._ _CobbFendley’s greatest strength is our employees, and we strive to offer a comprehensive benefits package that provides options and unique opportunities for employees and their families._ At CobbFendley, people are our most valued resource. We are always seeking talented and qualified professionals to enhance our ability to provide clients with exceptional service. At the same time, we are committed to the professional and personal growth of our staff. We are an equal opportunity employer. All candidates are considered regardless of race, color, religion, gender, marital status, age, national origin, disability or military status. Cobb Fendley & Associates, Inc. participates in E-Verify. E-Verify is an Internet-based system operated by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in partnership with the Social Security Administration (SSA). The E-Verify system uses federal databases to rapidly validate individual identities and work eligibility from the information gathered in the I-9 form. _View the federal notices for E-Verify employers:_ _"This Employer Participates in E-Verify" Poster_ _English language version_ _Spanish language version_ _"If You Have the Right to Work" Poster_ _English language version_ _Spanish language version_