You will be responsible for the hardware architecture of our systems that are comprised of networks of distributed systems each hosting very high density and high capacity storage devices. These systems are scalable and capable of moving gigabytes of data per second. You will guide the hardware, firmware and software engineers through design, implementation and validation to minimize opportunities for miscommunication and inconsistent designs across subsystems. You should have prior experience designing and delivering complex distributed and high performance hardware systems capable of processing, storing and moving Petabytes of data. Responsibilities: Define architecture, specification, and design of our systems. Define architecture, specification, design and test boards for our products. Perform cost-benefit analyses to determine the best approaches for meeting the hardware requirements. Ensure that robust hardware architecture is developed. Understand the requirements and environments of a diverse set of customers from different industries. Lead the design reviews to ensure complete implementation descriptions with no ambiguity. Plan and lead validation of designs: lead complete functional verification, signal characterization, power modeling/test, thermal modeling/test and system coexistence testing. Researches, identifies, selects, and tests technology products required for solution delivery. The position requires staying on top of the industry trend and new technologies for the system architecture. Works autonomously. May provide a leadership role for the work group through knowledge in the area of specialization. What You Need for this Position Minimum Qualifications: MS/ME/PhD in Computer/Electrical Engineering, or equivalent. Demonstrated record of designing and delivering complex distributed and high performance hardware systems and high density storage using flash. Proven experience translating use cases to architecture accurately. Experience with all aspects of hardware development: requirements, design, schematics, industrial design, hardware parts selection, cost-control, firmware, SoC, prototyping and modeling. Good technical communication skills including written communications. Good negotiation skills. The ability to see the big picture in terms of understanding the system level implications, such as system performance of designs under consideration. Knowledge and experience in: Processor and server architecture: x86 Storage interfaces and protocols: PCIe, NVMe, NVMeOF, RoCE. Network interfaces and protocols: Ethernet Flash technology: Toggle, ONFI, FTL Desired Qualifications: Architecture of big data storage and acceleration components: compute, compression, de-duplication, encryption. Cache and memory hierarchy: consistency and coherence. Operating system fundamentals including but not limited to virtualization, security and TPM.