Overview Cures Start Here. At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, home to three Nobel laureates, interdisciplinary teams of world-renowned scientists seek new and innovative ways to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and other life-threatening diseases. Fred Hutch’s pioneering work in bone marrow transplantation led to the development of immunotherapy, which harnesses the power of the immune system to treat cancer. An independent, nonprofit research institute based in Seattle, Fred Hutch houses the nation’s first cancer prevention research program, as well as the clinical coordinating center of the Women’s Health Initiative and the international headquarters of the HIV Vaccine Trials Network. Careers Start Here. The Web Developer works with other Web Developers, Web Producers, Designers, Writers and internal customers to scope, design and build websites and functionality for Fred Hutch’s digital communications platforms. The ideal candidate has experience working in a cooperative, team environment, solving problems and creating solutions at all levels of the web development stack, with a focus on backend and platform development. The position is in the Enterprise Applications Services group housed in Fred Hutch’s IT department. Responsibilities Java, HTML, CSS and JavaScript development Creation and maintenance of components, libraries, and tools that support the platforms and content management systems Collaboration with business stakeholders, Web Designers, content producers, and Project Managers to produce contemporary, high-performing websites Employ modern project management methodologies in the building and maintenance of multiple web properties Troubleshoot technical issues with various websites, content management systems and other platforms Creating developer and end-user documentation Qualifications Expected Experience 3+ years’ experience with Java or other object-oriented programming language 3+ years of web development experience 3+ years’ experience with HTML, CSS and JavaScript coding Demonstrated experience translating designs and specifications into functioning code Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Experience working at all levels of full-stack web development Proficient in Java, HTML, CSS and JavaScript coding Responsive website development and techniques Cross-browser and cross-platform website development Optimizing websites for search engine performance Familiar with approaches to accessibility including Section 508 standards Familiar with website performance and measurement tools such as Google Analytics or New Relic Project management methodologies, such as Agile with Scrum and Kanban Familiar with source control and code management Preferred Knowledge, Skills and Abilities 2 years of experience with Adobe Experience Manager 6.x Bachelor’s degree preferred in computer science, engineering or related area Experience with modern web technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, CSS pre-processors (Sass or LESS), and JavaScript frameworks (React, Ember or Angular) Experience working in a LAMP environment Code frameworks such as ZURB Foundation, including Sass REST-based application development Work tracking systems such as JIRA Design collaboration tools (Zeplin or Sketch) Sightly/Adobe HTML Template Language Apache Sling, OSGi, and JCR Our Commitment to Diversity We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and VEVRAA Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at escmail@fredhutch.org or by calling 206-667-4700.