Comcast's Technology & Product organization works at the intersection of media and technology. Our innovative teams are continually developing and delivering products that transform the customer experience. From creating apps like TVGo to new features such as the Talking Guide on the X1 platform, we work every day to make a positive impact through innovation in the pursuit of building amazing products that are enjoyable, easy to use and accessible across all platforms. The team also develops and supports our evolving network architecture, including next-generation consumer systems and technologies, infrastructure and engineering, network integration and management tools, and technical standards. SummaryResponsible for promoting the use of industry and Company technology standards. Monitors emerging technologies/technology practices for potential use within the Company. Designs and develops updated infrastructure in support of one or more business processes. Helps to ensure a balance between tactical and strategic technology solutions. Considers business problems "end-to-end": including people, process, andtechnology, both within and outside the enterprise, as part of any design solution. Mentors, reviews codes and verifies that the object oriented design best practices and that coding and architectural guidelines are adhered to. Identifies and drives issues through closure.Integrates knowledge of business and functional priorities. Acts as a key contributor in a complex and crucial environment. May lead teams orprojects and shares expertise.Employees at all levels are expect to: - Understand our Operating Principles; make them the guidelines for how you do your job- Own the customer experience-think and act in ways that put our customers first, give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint, and make them promoters of our products and services- Know your stuff-be enthusiastic learners, users and advocates of our game-changing technology, products and services, especially our digital tools and experiences- Win as a team-make big things happen by working together and being open to new ideas- Be an active part of the Net Promoter System-a way of working that brings more employee and customer feedback into the company-by joining huddles, making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to do better for our customers- Drive results and growth- Respect and promote inclusion and diversity- Do what's right for each other, our customers, investors and our communitiesCore Responsibilities- Ensures programs are envisioned, designed, developed, and implemented across the enterprise to meet business needs. Interfaces with the enterprise architecture team and other functional areas to ensure that most efficient solution is designed to meet business needs.- Ensures solutions are well engineered, operable, maintainable, and delivered on schedule.- Tracks and documents requirements for enterprise development projects and enhancements.- Monitors current and future trends, technology and information that will positively affect organizational projects; applies and integrates emerging technological trends to new and existing systems architecture.- Presents solutions to senior architects.- Plans and designs new or upgraded systems. Interacts with departments to implement improvements in process.- Develops solution architecture (both tactical and strategic) to fully manage/support enterprise needs, services, systems and technology management.- Mentors team members in relevant technologies and implementation architecture.- Develops, documents and ensures compliance with best practices including but not limited to the following coding standards, object oriented designs, platform and framework specific design concerns and human interface guidelines.- Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance.- Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work nights and weekends, variable schedule(s) as necessary.- Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.Education Level- Bachelors Degree or EquivalentField of Study- Engineering, Computer ScienceYears Experience- Generally requires 7-11 years related experienceComplianceComcast is an EEO/AA/Drug Free Workplace.DisclaimerThe above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer