Summary What you’ll be doing… Customers rely on us for the best network and entertainment. Working in both the field and our Video Operations Center, you will perform complex technical duties working in LD Terminals, customer premises, Local Nodes, and Backbone Regens performing maintenance, site surveys, installation, test & turn-up, fiber locates and preventive maintenance. You will also perform fiber splicing or cable terminations. You’ll work to ensure the integrity of the Verizon video network equipment and services by serving as the initial point of contact for video trouble identification and Tier 1 maintenance on any video network service. When you join Verizon… You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Responsibilities Your responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: Installing, monitoring, testing and maintenance of telecommunications and associated electronic equipment and wiring per specifications and operational procedures, both in technical facilities as well as on customer property. Performing testing and diagnostic procedures on equipment according to published equipment standards. Performing fiber locates, monitoring of construction activity, fiber splicing and termination. Assembling, installing, and/or testing transmission equipment channel banks, channel service units (CSU), digital service units (DSU), modems, routers, etc. Installing routers, bridges, multiplexers, concentrators, etc. Completing periodic maintenance on company transmissions support equipment. Performing surveillance of our video broadcast network and equipment. Performing proactive health checks on broadcast content quality and secondary services. Working evenings, weekends, holidays and unscheduled shifts as determined by the needs of the business. Qualifications What we’re looking for… You’ll have a dedication to service excellence with great communication skills and a positive, professional attitude. You’ll thrive in a fast-paced work environment, and enjoy helping to keep our customers connected to the digital world. You’ll need to have: Related Associate degree or 2 years’ related work experience. 2+ years’ related cable, satellite or telephony/SONET transport industry knowledge. 2+ years’ experience with analog/digital video, audio and multi-channel experience. 2+ years’ medium level functional expertise using a network management monitoring system. Even better if you have: 2+ years' experience with fiber splicing Salary Information Weekly Rate: $849.20 - $1732.80 Additional Information Work tours for this position will vary but typically include shifts scheduled Monday through Friday from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM with possible evenings, weekends, overtime and oncall duties as needed by the business. Test(s) Required Verizon Job Fit Test B Senior Technician SI Test Preview Test Previews Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.