Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA Our Googlers are innovative, take big risks and get things done, and our compensation plans are designed to reward them accordingly. On the leading edge of the compensation field, our team runs cyclical cash and equity programs and takes the notion of "Total Rewards" to new heights. We always aim to better recognize outstanding performance, so as a member of this team, you're an unconventional thinker and are willing to make bold bets. You take Googlers' feedback seriously, and collect it often to continually improve and enhance our programs through a two-way dialogue. Combining data and feedback from our Googlers with the latest industry research, you make large-scale, data-driven decisions that impact Googlers in a meaningful way. You are comfortable managing several projects at once, and help key decision makers make sound choices by analyzing data and working on critical issues. As a Compensation Specialist, you will participate in the delivery of Google’s global compensation program and lead Google’s Recognition program. You’ll also partner on strategic initiatives to increase efficiency, effectiveness, and experience of the programs, informed by synthesizing insights from both data analysis and communication with key stakeholders. You will leverage your great communication skills to promote understanding of Compensation for all Googlers as well as use your analytical skills to ensure adherence to Google’s Compensation philosophy. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Lead and deliver Google’s Recognition program. Partner with the Compensation team, and the extended People Operations team, to ensure success of the annual program delivery (e.g., merit increases, annual bonuses, equity refreshes, and promotion increases). Partner on strategic initiatives to improve scalability and sustainability of Compensation program delivery. Partner with Program Managers to prioritize and operationalize key tasks and processes Complete complex modeling and manipulate large data sets; tease meaning from the numbers and convey findings to leadership Play a governance role in the creation and review of compensation program business rules Work independently, prioritize multiple stakeholders and tasks, and manage work time efficiently Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS in Business Administration, Economics or other quantitative field, or equivalent practical experience. Project management experience. Consultative experience and experience managing data sets. Preferred qualifications: Knowledge of employee compensation programs and/or other HR experience Experience in Google Sheets and/or SQL. Excellent communication, relationship and client management skills, with ability to manage many stakeholders and influence / drive decision making Strong attention to detail and ability to move from the big picture to the minute details Excellent problem solving skill set with a focus on process improvement, efficiency, and the ability to find and execute creative solutions At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.