There's hungry, and there's happy. EatStreet was born to be the world's smartest shortcut between the two. We don't make the hoagies, hot wings, or egg rolls, because cooking is best left to cooks. What EatStreet does is make ordering-out as second nature as humanly possible. We combat complicated to hook you up with the food delivery and takeout options you crave, whenever you need it most. The Driver Scheduling and Quality Manager will take ownership of the driver core in multiple territories to ensure that the appropriate number of the most reliable, efficient and customer service centric team members represent EatStreet on the road at all hours of operation. This person will take a data driven approach to understand driver behavior and continually improve key metrics around driver behavior. They will effectively communicate to ensure expectations are clear, met and/or exceeded, and if drivers consistently fall short of expectations they will remove them from the team. This is a full-time position is based in our Philadelphia office. This person will report directly to the Senior Driver Scheduling and Quality Manager, and collaborate cross functionally within Delivery Operations to continually optimize the operation. Responsibilities: Promptly filling driver schedules on a weekly basis so we exceed Shift Fill/Trailing Shift Fill goals Day to day communication with drivers to set expectations on what it means to drive for EatStreet, and how they can get the most out of the driver experience Communicate job performance and offer ideas for improvement Address performance concerns and remove underperforming drivers appropriately Communicate incentive opportunities Swiftly escalate systemic/macro issues impacting shift fill and trailing shift in their territories and working with management to find creative solutions to these issues Qualities Desired: Team player; able to work cross functionally to solve problems Top notch written and oral communicator; able to sell ideas and opportunities to people Positive attitude; enjoys taking on and overcoming challenges, understands the difficulties of managing drivers and is motivated to succeed in the face of them Data driven; able to understand reporting and take appropriate actions to achieve results Self starter; excited to contribute to a growing organization, offers insights and ideas to improve/scale the operation, proactively solves problems, motivated to add value day in and day out Coachable; welcomes feedback and uses it as a way to grow personally and professionally, understands there is always room for improvement and strives to continually improve Competitive; wants to win (as a team!) EatStreet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. EatStreet is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to careers@eatstreet.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. EatStreet participates in E-Verify. For more information, please see the E-Verify Participation Poster and Right to Work Poster at the hiring location.