JetSuiteX commenced public charter service in April 2016. We offer a new product in aviation by combining the speed and convenience of a private jet experience with a superior on-board experience, sold by the seat at a price near that of existing commercial service. The JetSuiteX fleet of Embraer 135s is a luxuriously reconfigured 30 passenger jet, each seat with at least 36-inch pitch, free WiFi and the comforts of a private jet at the price of flying commercial. Unlike JetSuite’s™ private jets where customers must book the whole aircraft, JetSuiteX sells individual seats on scheduled flights. Purpose JetSuite's Data Analyst is creative and passionate about shaping the company’s understanding of our clients and customers, solving business challenges, and measuring impact through design, development and execution of reporting and trend analyses to support company-wide business needs. Provides management with timely and accurate information for decision making. The ideal candidate must exhibit integrity and dedication in a team atmosphere. Prepares ad hoc reporting and presentations for managerial meetings as well as supporting annual planning efforts. The person in this position has an appetite for learning, analytics, business optimization and managing various technologies in a dynamic and fast paced environment. Responsibilities Develop reporting mechanisms for Key Performance Indicator (KPI) reporting for business leaders across JetSuite and JetSuiteX Partner with IT and business units to develop simulations and best practices to ensure proper KPI reporting and assessment Analyze sales, operations, services, KPI and profit results to identify business trends and opportunities and quantify the effects of business changes, initiatives, and events. Conduct frequent trend analysis. Identify and recommend company and departmental efficiencies and cost saving opportunities. Perform any other additional duties requested by the Vice President of IT & Distribution Qualifications BA/BS in Engineering, Data Science, Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, related fields or equivalent experience/training 2+ years’ experience in a technical professional environment Demonstrated aptitude for logical analysis, problem identification, and problem solving as well as excellent interpersonal and communication skills Ability to compile, analyze data both statistically and conceptually. Strong analytical and quantitative skills. Ability to multitask and manage multiple priorities effectively. High degree of integrity and confidentiality with a keen sense of business/financial acumen. Strong interpersonal skills and be able to work well with personnel at various levels. Strong communication skills, both oral and written and be comfortable in formatting analytical works into presentation formats. Leadership skills with an ability to make sound decisions with relevant facts at hand. Ability to work independently and on weekends and outside of regular office hours, if required. Preference will be given to candidates with demonstrated experience in one or more of the following areas: Familiarity with the airline/travel industry Ability to wrangle data from disparate sources into a comprehensive view of a business problem Ability to use computer-based tools to implement solutions Ability to prioritize while handle multiple responsibilities