The Path Forward Return to Work program at LendingClub is a 16-week paid returnship for experienced engineers returning to the workforce after taking time off for caregiving. The program is open to women and men who have at least 5 years of professional experience and have been out of the paid workforce for at least two years to focus on caring for a child or other dependent. If you meet these criteria, we welcome you to apply. At LendingClub, we are excited to be part of the Path Forward program because we appreciate the skills you can offer, the perspective you provide, and the contributions you will make. This program offers you a chance to revamp your skills, update your resume with new experience, and make connections with other women and men transitioning back to the workforce. It also offers support through Path Forward, a nonprofit organization on a mission to empower people who’ve been focused on caregiving transition back to the paid workforce. About Us Lending Club (NYSE: LC) opened in 2007 with one simple mission: craft a more efficient, transparent and customer-friendly alternative to the traditional banking system that offers creditworthy borrowers lower interest rates and investors better returns. Today, we’re the world’s largest online credit marketplace, and we’re radically changing the way lending operates. We’re proud of the recognition we’ve received, including being named a World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer, a CNBC Disruptor 50, and one of The World’s 10 Most Innovative Companies in Finance by Fast Company. We’re conveniently located in downtown San Francisco, California. The Role Lending Club reinvented the way consumers borrow and now we are reinventing the way we utilize data! As a talented Data Engineer you will join our growing Data Technology team to help drive business decisions. Lending Club’s business is data driven and you will build solutions to help the company make decisions about marketing, pricing, credit, funding, and many other business aspects. About you You are a Scrum team-player who loves to use data to analyze the past and to predict the future You are passionate engineer who enjoys challenging and interesting problems – huge amounts of data, scale, performance, and integration to name a few You are a professional who is excited to apply their current skills and an open mind to grow their knowledge base You've been out of the workforce for 2+ years People love to work with you! You love working with diverse teams and personalities Your Skills Data analysis, mapping, and modeling 2+years of Development of high performance SQL/Hive queries and data transformation Strong relational database skills You have exposure to BigData challenges and NoSQL technologies (Hive, Oozie, MongoDB) UNIX/Linux experience and scripting skills (shell, Perl, Python, etc.) You are familiar with the Agile methodology, TDD, source control management, and automated testing You have the ability to work with a team in solving problems Superb communication skills Java and AWS experience is an asset Experience with Spark would be helpful Why Join Us We care about our people. We care about the environment in which our people work. To that end, everything from our policies to our workplaces reflect our mission to create one of the world's best places to work . Industry-wise, we're the clear leader in our field. This gives us awesome momentum. As Forbes put it, "While not often thought of as a "sharing economy" company, given the massive size of the financial industry Lending Club could end up being one of the most disruptive–and largest–companies in this sector." We believe one of our own employees put it best: "Many companies talk about reshaping an industry, but Lending Club is one of the few that is actually achieving this lofty goal. Growth comes in monthly leaps that just seem to keep accelerating, leading to ever-larger opportunities. There is an intriguing focus on how to get more efficient and do bigger things. Working here is definitely a chance to be a part of something special." Lending Club is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. You will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. LI-RS1