Company Overview At Zones, we enable positive business outcomes through innovative solutions that leverage technology from world-class partners and exceptional service from our team of certified sales, engineering, and supply chain specialists. nfrastructure, the Services Company of Zones, is comprised of more than 400 systems engineers, solution architects, and technical specialists who design and deploy solutions in support of our customers’ digital workplace modernization, network optimization, data center transformation, and security fortification initiatives. Our values are simple: work together, learn together – and succeed together. We promote a high-spirited working environment, where teams can collaborate and learn from each other. That’s how we’ve innovated, adapted, and grown for over 30 years. Position Overview The Facilities Coordinator is responsible for assisting the Facility Manager with various duties as required. Key Responsibilities The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The Facilities Coordinator is primarily responsible for: Assist Facility Manager with various requests throughout building. Assist Mailroom when needed. Assist and oversee inner-office moves and reconfigurations. Demonstrate effective communication skills and organizational knowledge. We are seeking candidates with the following experience and skills Assist Facility Manager with various requests throughout building. Re-arrange offices and conference rooms as requested. Set up offices for new Vice Presidents and Directors. Set up for all functions and meetings throughout building. Perform minor maintenance items using some hand tools. Maintain records for issuance of office keys and company vehicles. Assist with various security related issues. Assist with ergonomic station set-up for employees. Assist Mailroom when needed. Perform mailroom duties during busy times and in the absence of any regular mailroom personnel. Assist and oversee inner-office moves and reconfigurations. Move team members file cabinets and other items as requested. Assist with other requests relating to inner-office moves. Coordinate minor moves with outside vendor if needed. Demonstrate effective communication skills Must be able to understand and execute verbal and written instructions in a timely manner. Must be able to effectively communicate with individuals at any level both in and out of the organization. Develop an organizational knowledge so that requests can be met by specific individuals or organizations when required. Minimum Qualifications Able to lift minimum 50 lbs. intermittently. High school diploma or GED. Three to six months of related experience or training. Ability to solve problems promptly and in an appropriate manner. Ability to work with minimum supervision. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Ability and willingness to meet attendance standards At Zones, we take great pride in offering a full spectrum of comprehensive, flexible benefit programs to our employees: Medical/dental/vision coverage 401(k) plan with matching provision Life insurance Paid vacation time Financial protection benefits Group discounts & perks Wellness programs And more Zones is also proud to be a certified Minority Business Enterprise (MBE), Corporate Plus member of the Northwest MSDC (Minority Supplier Development Council), and Equal Employment Opportunity Employer (EEOE) committed to diversity and inclusion. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We offer employment and advancement