Provide administrative and secretarial support in the planning, implementation, and support of the Responsive Education Solutions (ResponsiveEd). Work assignments may be complex in nature where considerable judgment, tact, creativity, and initiative are required in resolving problems and completing tasks. Typical responsibilities include compiling, organizing, developing, and reporting information relative to budget, inventory, training, maintenance, and support of operations. Qualifications: Education/Certification, and Experience One year certificate from college or technical school; or three to six months related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. 1+ years experience as an Administrative Assistant. Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities (KSAs) Ability to maintain confidentiality Demonstrate good judgment and diplomacy. Excellent computer skills using MS Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Sharepoint). Ability to type 40+ wpm. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Excellent organizational and problem-solving skills. Manage multiple priorities effectively. Maintain effective working relationships Travel as necessary. Responsibilities and Duties: Maintain calendars Track deadlines Route incoming calls Organize meetings Prepare reports, presentations, and correspondence Ability to edit, proofread, and process official documents Perform special projects, during and after normal business hours Other duties as assigned. Equipment Used: All equipment required to perform jobs duties and task previously described. Physical / Environmental Factors : The physical demands are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Responsive Education Solutions considers applicants for all positions without regards to race, color, national origin, age, religion, sex, marital status, veteran or military status, disability, or any other legally protected status. Being authorized to work in the U.S. is a precondition of employment. ResponsiveEd is an Equal Opportunity Employer.