With 90 locations throughout North America, Acuren Inspection, Inc. is the leader in Nondestructive Testing (NDT). Providing a wide range of services in many industries including: Oil and Gas, Petrochemical, Pipeline, Power Generation, Pulp and Paper, Construction, Fabrication, Automotive, and Aerospace. Inspection is our history and our focus for growth. We are a Rockwood company, the worldwide leader in NDT service and technology with over 3,000 technical professionals in Acuren, Hellier NDT Training, and Sperry Rail Service -- NDT firms run by NDT people! Position Summary: Software Developer Webster Texas Role Overview Acuren is seeking a Software Developer, for our Webster, TX office. 2-5 years of practical .NET experience (C preferred) as a full-stack software development engineer We are a service-orient ed firm that's poised to start taking advantage of a re-architected technology platform. You will be a key participant in building new systems, adding value to existing platforms, and working with the business teams to drive growth through technology. This role presents a unique opportunity to make a material impact on defining the firm's new technology platform and helping drive the next phase of growth for the business. What will you do? This role will combine a mix of new application development, enhancing and maintaining existing products, working with software vendors, and supporting the business, both locally and globally. Development in this role entails the full range of the product development lifecycle, from ideation through execution to support. We are seeking a generalist, as projects will come across the tech stack, leveraging a variety of technologies (though we are mostly a .NET shop), and likely touching desktop, mobile, and web efforts. Experience Required BA/BS in Computer Science or a related field 2-5 years of practical .NET experience (C preferred) as a full-stack software development engineer Proficient with SQL and SQL Server, though no need to be an expert Knowledge of software engineering best practices such as those around agile development, coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, and testing Familiar with Java script, though willing to learn more if necessary Generally, technology agnostic and comfortable picking up new technologies or libraries Willing to work with remote teams in different geographies and time zones Experience building for or supporting a Sales or Marketing team is a big plus Benefits: Medical, Dental, and supplemental insurance 401K plans Paid Holidays Paid Time Off Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled