U.S. Soccer Overview We are U.S. Soccer and we are the future of sport in the United States. Our mission is to make soccer the preeminent sport in the United States. We embrace diversity, technology and global connections to drive the growth of our sport and serve our athletes and fans. We are seeking motivated, passionate, skillful people who can think, create and work on a team. U.S. Soccer is a growing company that looks for team members to grow with it. U.S. Soccer offers a casual work environment, an inclusive culture and an atmosphere for professional development. Position Overview The Competitions Department oversees the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup, international match applications, and hosting/travel process. The position will assist in the day-to-day operations of the department, including application and database management, reporting and interfacing with internal management, other U.S. Soccer departments, teams, venues, leagues and Match Commissioners. Primary Duties Manage the Team application, Home Game application and Venue Declaration processes for teams entering the U.S. Open Cup Compile information for player database, track player participation and assist in the dissemination of official rosters, working with all participating league offices to ensure the eligibility of all participating players in the U.S. Open Cup Collect reports for each game including Match Commissioner reports, Referee reports, statistics sheets, etc. Assist in the reimbursement process of team travel Assist in the distribution of all pertinent documentation and communications to Match Commissioners including assignments, information packets, expense reporting, etc. Assist in the official parings process and distribution of information. Support in the operations of the international games approval process (referee scheduling, expense tracking, game documents) Assist in the approval process for youth travel/hosting of matches and tournaments Other duties as assigned Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree preferred Must possess excellent communication skills Must have a customer service approach Excellent organizational and time management skills Exceptional attention to detail and ability to multi-task Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment Understanding of the U.S. Soccer Federation and the soccer landscape Proficient with Microsoft Office and database management technology Working at U.S. Soccer is a unique opportunity. Employees who work at U.S. Soccer have the following attributes: Adopt a company centric approach—Serve the Athlete and the Fan Embrace and see learning as a lifelong pursuit Possess a growth mindset—keeps an open mind and seeks new challenges Practice self-assessment and self-reflection Open to criticism and does not make excuses Possess a tireless work ethic Wants to be part of a team that wins Has the ability to be firm but fair Communicate in a direct, open and honest manner Build relationships through genuine interpersonal skills We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.