The Academic Computing and Communications Center is an agile organization, with a collaborative and team centered environment that provides IT leadership, academic technology infrastructure and services at University of Illinois at Chicago. We excel at supporting 40,000 staff, faculty and students across a diverse and comprehensive university in the heart of Chicago. Our services include campus wide networking, teaching and learning, identity and access management, communications, research computing, IT security, application development, web services, compliance and more. The University of Illinois, ACCC seeks a Computational Specialist, ACER. This position works closely with researchers to help evaluate their research computation needs and to develop solutions that allow them to take full advantage of available resources. This position will collaborate with researchers to develop scientific workflows to advance research in all areas, including bioinformatics, machine learning, material science, and computational chemistry. Works on a broad range of projects across campus with opportunities to specialize in a number of domain areas. Works closely with the Director of ACER to build strong relationships with our users and communicate their needs effectively. Duties: Participate as a member of a highly technical and customer-service driven team. Readily share knowledge and training with other staff members, and forge close working relationships with scientific research groups across campus. Conduct investigations and tests of complex scientific software systems to enhance performance or to investigate and resolve matters of significance. Investigate new technologies and techniques of importance to researchers. Participate in developing computational pipelines, computer algorithms, and data analysis for ongoing research projects. Evaluate, install, upgrade and maintain scientific software with the assistance of graduate students. Serve as a technical consultant for sponsored research projects that require high-performance computing, storage, and networking services. Provide workshops and one-on-one technical assistance and training to faculty, staff and students in the use of a shared high-performance computing environment and associated scientific software. Develop training materials to educate graduate students and faculty members on new computational techniques that utilize advanced cyberinfrastructure. Represent team in campus level initiatives and faculty level meetings to build strong relationships with faculty and their labs. Assist the Director in grant writing, proposal development and protocol reengineering for scientific needs. Perform other related duties and participate in special projects as assigned. Qualifications: Bachelor’s and 5+ years experience or; Master’s and 3+ years experience or; Doctorate or equivalent. An understanding of computer architecture and experience in the analysis and improvement of applications performance. Familiarity with numerical algorithms and their application in one or more scientific domain. Knowledge and experience in one or more scientific programming language such as C, C++, or FORTRAN. Significant experience with one or more parallel computing model, including MPI, OpenMP, OpenACC or CUDA is desired. Demonstrated ability and experience with scripting and programming (e.g. Python, Perl, C, R, Julia, or Java) is a desired. Excellent written and verbal communication skills are required.