Overview Wunderman Data Management Wunderman believes in the power of the individual. Around the world, we combine creativity and data to drive results for our clients. We excel in CRM, advertising, loyalty, social media, content and promotions. Together we are 1,300 data gurus, 2,200 creatives and 3,500 business minds, with a global footprint via 170 offices in 60 countries. Goldman Sachs, Microsoft, Citibank, Coca-Cola, Ford, Pfizer, Adidas, United Airlines and leading regional brands are among our clients. Wunderman is part of WPP, LLC. Learn more at www.wunderman.com Do you want to use Analytics to help companies better understand their customers? Companies understand all about their sales by store, region, product, department and season. In today’s environment, this is not enough. An understanding of their customers is essential. At Wunderman, we help companies understand their customer’s shopping patterns – How often do they shop? What channels do they use? What do they buy together? What are their trip drivers? How valuable is a Direct Mail contact compared to an email? How do they use the web and interact with social media? Wunderman puts its expertise to work to answer these important questions for our customers. Wunderman is looking for a smart, Vice President, Data Science that is intimately familiar with turning data into advanced solutions to drive positive client outcomes. The Vice President will lead the Data Sciences practice area and will oversee all Data Science and Machine Learning across the agency, reporting to the North America analytics delivery lead. In this role, you will lead the charge to advance the Machine Learning practice by providing client facing thought leadership and building on our current capabilities in our advanced analytics practice. Responsibilities Own the strategic direction and delivery for the Data Science vertical across the agency while working collaboratively with other functional teams. Act as a subject matter expert within the space of Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and applied statistics; designing and overseeing projects involving large scale cookie level analysis, advanced attribution, and more Oversee the Data Science road map based on the business priorities working with all divisions Manage existing team of 10-15 data scientists to help execute on your strategic vision Act as a thought leader in the industry. Contribute to the success of other team members by providing training and leadership in thought generation, analysis, coding, and mentorship Support new business by partnering with our account teams and engagement managers Partner with Data Engineering leadership to design a world-class machine learning infrastructure and production environment Champion a data-driven culture and drive long-term business value creation through development of best-in-class data science capabilities Create new analyses, models, and/or tools that deliver insights that enable the business partners to further their objective Manage a pipeline of projects/products and their on-time delivery Qualifications PhD in Statistics, Data Science, Econometrics, Computer Science, Operations Research, or related quantitative degree is required. Expert command of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, statistical modeling, state-of-the-art tools, and engineering best practices. Minimum of 12 years analytics experience in business environment 6+ years of work experience in the Data Scientist role with Fortune 500 companies or top consulting background. Experience in digital analytics or marketing analytics required Exceptional people manager, mentor, and leader. You will have a minimum of 5 years of experience managing a team of data scientists with high retention rates. Must be collaborative. Proven track record of overseeing multiple data science and machine learning projects at all stages, from idea generation to objectives formulation to implementation and deliverables. Proficiency in both Python and R. Expert knowledge of data mining techniques and tools with SAS, Python, R, etc. is required. Expert proficiency interrogating relational data bases with SQL and with using, managing workload with distributed computing tools (Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, etc.) Excellent project management skills, with a proven track record of on-time and within-budget delivery. Exceptional ability to manage priorities across multiple stake holders. Must be willing to travel up to 25%