The Financial Advisor Services (FAS) story has been one of continual evolution since our inception in 2004. Our mission began with a goal of leveraging traditional index mutual fund opportunities with advisors, evaluating our marketing approach along with Vanguard’s ETF thought leadership position, and expanding the FAS Sales Force. As FAS has matured, the mission has expanded to include focus on earning best in class client loyalty, growth and diversity in the business, and protecting the flanks. As an Investment Consultant and Manager in the FAS Portfolio Analytics & Consulting Group, you will be managing team of investment analysts and consultants that are investment discussions with external FAS advisory clients. Topics include portfolio construction, investment research, and Vanguard's investment philosophy. You will also be involved in investment related projects including cross-functional teams (Investment, Marketing, IT, etc.) and serving as an enterprise-wide investment SME on behalf of FAS. Duties and Responsibilities 1\. Manages staff. Provides guidance, training, and motivation as necessary to develop staff. Hire, evaluate and counsel personnel. Follows corporate performance management procedures per established Vanguard standards as required. Sets performance standards, reviews performance, provides feedback, and recommends wage increases in accordance with all applicable Human Resources policies and procedures. Provides appropriate supervisory oversight to ensure compliance with FINRA requirements. 2\. Serves as investment consultant for assigned financial advisory clients, representing FAS investment and analysis capabilities to financial advisors, home offices, and other key decision makers. Works closely with FAS Sales to represent FAS to current and prospective clients. 3\. Maintains robust knowledge of asset & sub-asset classes along with all applicable statistical measures to aid in consulting on portfolio construction, fund selection, asset allocation, and portfolio positioning with advisory teams, home office personnel, and internal stakeholders. 4\. Develops and maintains an in-depth understanding of capital markets, asset management, and the financial advisory industry. Keeps abreast of significant changes or developments in investments and financial services. Maintains awareness of competitors and trends that may impact Vanguard's success in the market. 5\. Leads or supports a variety of highly complex projects related to investment analysis that will be viewed both internally and externally as enhancing Vanguard's role as an investment analytics leader. Collaborates with other internal investment management and consulting departments on portfolio construction, product analysis, and advice & investment methodology. 6\. Contributes to the strategic vision of the Portfolio Analytics & Consulting Service and team. Broadens the scope of the service’s offerings, improves upon its operational processes, and effectively evaluates opportunities to better align the service with other divisional and interdivisional priorities. 7\. Manages the people and process involved in answering product and investment-related questions/research requests from FAS crew. 8\. Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned. Qualifications Undergraduate degree in finance-related field or equivalent combination of training and experience. MBA and/or specialized financial accreditation such as CFA, CFP, or CIMA preferred. Minimum eight years work experience, including three years in an investment analyst/consultant position. Series 7, 63, and 24 or ability to obtain within 90 days. Strong technical skills related to investment analysis. Working knowledge of data analysis tools such as Bloomberg, FactSet, Axioma, MSCI Barra, and Morningstar Direct preferred. Ability to effectively lead a high-performing, cross-functional team of investment professionals. Excellent executive presence, poise, and presentation skills; very strong interpersonal communication skills; and excellent written communication skills. Broad understanding of the investment and financial advisor industry. Experience in the financial advisory business a plus. Solid understanding of Vanguard's investment philosophy and product suite required; knowledge of key competitors, additional product types, and asset classes preferred. Demonstrated ability to learn new concepts quickly and complete multiple and diverse assignments with the highest level of quality and accuracy. Proven self-starter with the ability to work independently. Special Factors Vanguard is not offering visa sponsorship for this position. If you are offered and accept this position, and you do not have the necessary FINRA licenses for the role, then you must obtain the required licenses within the specified period of time. Additionally, if you are not currently registered with FINRA in any capacity, prior to moving into this licensed role, you will be asked to provide authorization for Vanguard to conduct a credit and criminal check in accordance with the FINRA regulations. Please note, the credit and criminal check requirement does not apply to crew who are currently registered with FINRA. Please reference the following article with regard to the licensing requirements of this position.