Interested in building-out a world-class Enterprise Data Insights Platform? Love Big Data Analytics? Social Solutions’ rapidly growing Engineering Team is looking to hire a Full Stack Data Engineer. This role focuses on the design, development, and deployment of our SaaS Platforms’ Enterprise Datawarehouse & underlying Data Transformations. Applying a strong technical and data lifecycle understanding, this Engineer will partner with other Developers, Data Engineers, Data Scientists, and the DevOps Teams to create and maintain Social Solutions’ Data Science Platforms. Job Description/Responsibilities: Serve our customers by: Designing and developing schemas, attributes, facts, advanced report design, data aggregation, and advanced report services development. Using tools including Web Intelligence, Report Services, Pentaho Spoon, and Report Services. Providing well-documented, efficient and effective solutions to meet business needs. Institutionalizing a Data Management Culture to support the company’s scale initiatives. Serve our development team by: Mapping data elements and attributes into the Enterprise Data Model. Developing solutions with team members to implement defined and documented data requirements. Learning new technologies and sharing your knowledge with the team. Advocating for new features, new technologies and processes. Prototyping ideas for discussion/demonstration. Providing guidance on data security compliance initiatives. Participating in code reviews. Experience with Agile development methodologies. Working knowledge of Microsoft Sql Server, MySql, and/or PostgreSQL. 2-3 years’ experience in reporting/analytic role with a focus on data transformation, ETL, and design. Deep SQL Development Skills. Knowledge of dimensional database design. Experience with Pentaho Spoon, Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), or other Enterprise Data Transformation Tools. Desired Skills Working Knowledge of Python and other automation technology frameworks. Working Knowledge of Java. Experience with SAP Business Objects. Experience with Sparx Systems Enterprise Architect or other Data Modeling Tools. Experience with Big Data Technologies including Amazon MapReduce, Hadoop, Cassandra, SAP Hana, Microsoft HDInsight, Amazon RedShift, Amazon Glue, and similar technology stacks. Why We’re Awesome At Social Solutions, we’re mission focused and results oriented! We’re a diverse team of innovators, creatives, and digital architects that come together to help organizations transform lives. Social Solutions’ software (SaaS) helps some of the most vulnerable human beings in our society. Our software for Nonprofits allows them to spend less time on compliance and more time on ensuring the effectiveness of their service programs for the people who rely on them. Since our software was designed by direct service works for direct service providers, it also helps them to demonstrate impact to stakeholders. What You’ll Get Amazing coworkers 100% employer paid benefits for employees 8 hours per quarter of volunteer time Company sponsored events and happy hours Career advancement opportunities That’s not all, folks! _All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability._