Job Purpose The Phoenix Suns seek a Sr. Business Intelligence Analyst to support Marketing Partnerships, Digital and Marketing departments through analytics and research initiatives to guide strategy, support new business and retention efforts and day-to-day decision making. The ideal candidate will have experience preparing executive level presentations and dashboards as well as the ability to perform rigorous data analysis in Excel or other analytics platforms. Primary (Essential) Duties Create executive level presentations and dashboards for senior leadership and investors Collaborate with business area stakeholders to identify and track key business metrics in the areas of Marketing Partnerships, Digital and Marketing Utilize demographic and psychographic data platforms (e.g. Scarborough, SMG, etc) to provide data driven support of key initiatives for sponsors and Marketing Partnerships team Acquire, maintain and utilize business data appends to deliver insights on current and potential business opportunities Provide analytics support for key digital metrics related to web site and mobile app performance Exploratory analysis of new data sources to assess data quality and relevancy in business decision making Other responsibilities as assigned Knowledge, Skills and/or Abilities Advanced skills in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint Strong presentation skills and particular expertise in designing effective charts, graphs, and tables Demonstrated ability to collaborate with colleagues across multiple business areas Experience using demographic and psychographic data platforms (e.g. Scarborough, SMG, etc) preferred Familiarity with digital and web analytics metrics and platforms (Google Analytics, Adobe, etc) a plus Experience using an advanced visualization tool (e.g. Spotfire, Tableau) a plus Knowledge of A/B testing an asset Technical expertise in SQL, R or Python required Experience/Education Requirements 1-2 years of experience in a consulting, business analyst, or similar role Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience required MBA a plus Working Conditions and Physical Demands: Traditional business hours with occasional weekends, evenings, and some holidays to meet business needs The physical demands are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. This is not an all-inclusive document. Additional duties, expectations, demands, etc. may be added or changed to this document on an as-needed basis in order to meet organizational needs. The Phoenix Suns are an Equal Opportunity Employer