Business Analyst We have a Business Analyst. The position is Permanent opportunity. Selected candidates must be willing to join at a short notice. Qualified candidates should be willing to work at Plano, TX Number of Positions: 1 The ideal candidates will possess the following: Must Have Skills: Business Requirement Gathering and Documentation Work with Business and other IT eco system Story boarding and user stories creation Desired Skills: User Acceptance Testing Good Communication Skills Retail Experience Job Roles / Responsibilities: Business Analyst Understand Functional Specification and requirements Configure and Customize User Interface as per requirement Implement Business rules to meet the business requirement Unit Testing and defect fixing Prepare the technical specifications and ensure delivery of objects as per the timelines Benefits include: Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance. 401k & Employee Stock Purchase Plans. 2 weeks of vacation and major holidays off. Tremendous opportunity for growth and advancement. A professional, challenging environment as part of a world class talented team. NOTE: Cognizant is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. Cognizant is committed to ensuring that all current and prospective associates are afforded equal opportunities and treatment and a work environment free of harassment. We will only be able to respond to those candidates that most closely meet our criteria. A Snapshot about Us: Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is the fastest-growing global IT services and business process outsourcing solutions provider, headquartered in Teaneck, N.J. Cognizant’s single-minded passion is to dedicate our global technology and innovation know-how, our industry expertise and worldwide resources to working together with clients to make their businesses stronger. Today with over 50 delivery centers worldwide and over 1,50,000 employees, Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P; 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500, and is ranked among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world. Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Business Services PL3 Required Domain Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Demand Management Consulting NA Required 2 Demand Management NA Required Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Plano, Texas, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 06 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.