JOB INFORMATION Develop, modify, or update applications used by the Single Family Analytics Group. Work on creating ETLs to retrieve, analyze, extract, transform and make the data available for data mining, analytical processing, research and decision support with the use of Business Intelligence Tools. KEY JOB FUNCTIONS Support migration of existent on premise Analytics processes to AWS and/or implementation of new processes in AWS. Support data integration process to new Enterprise Data Lake (AWS) and/or Enterprise data platforms that will replace current Oracle data warehouses. Conduct proof of concept of new technologies in different platforms such as AWS/Cloud, to help assess and evaluate new tools for implementation within the company and in support of the Analytics Group. Build and maintain ETLs (Informatica, Python, and SAS) and other data solutions to support business needs. Build and maintain high performance database solutions (i.e. Oracle, Netezza, AWS Postgres) to support Business Intelligence Tools performance (Tableau). Follow data governance and industry best practices. EDUCATION Bachelor's Degree or equivalent required MINIMUM EXPERIENCE 2+ years of related experience SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS Required: Knowledge of Oracle and SQL Must have hands-on experience with Hive, Spark, Python, UNIX scripting, SQL Experience in AWS cloud and big data eco system and tools Proficient technical aptitude in at least one of the following programming languages: SQL, R, C++, C, Python, Java, or Scala, Spark Ability to learn new technologies/tools Knowledge of relational databases and/or data structure in support of data warehouses Preferred: AWS certification desired Nice to have DynamoDB, Redshift, Snowflake Informatica / Talend / Alteryx - able to develop and schedule ETLs Netezza - knowledge of Netezza to be able to create and design SAS, R, Linux, Unix - basic knowledge of SAS, Unix and Linux Basic knowledge of Tableau Autosys JIRA EMPLOYMENT As a condition of employment with Fannie Mae, any successful job applicant will be required to pass a pre-employment drug screen and to successfully complete a background investigation. Fannie Mae is an Equal Opportunity Employer.