Date Opened: 2018-07-30 Electronic Arts Inc. is a leading global interactive entertainment software company. EA delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, personal computers, mobile phones and tablets. We are EA And we make games – how cool is that? In fact, we entertain millions of people across the globe with the most amazing and immersive interactive software in the industry. But making games is hard work. That’s why we employ the most creative, passionate people in the industry. The Challenge Ahead: If you are tremendously organized, able to manage complex projects and thrive on helping multiple leaders do more, be more efficient and more effective then we might have the perfect role for you. Our VP, Player and Developer Experience, VP, Cloud, Social, and Marketplace and VP, Enterprise Security need an excellent partner who knows what it takes to enable executives in a fast paced environment, keep things organized and solve problems before they arise. Responsibilies/Requirements A successful track record of proactively supporting multiple VPs or above Self-motivated, highly organized and results-oriented individual who works with little or no supervision Innovative, flexible, team player Support 3 VPs for calendaring, travel, expenses, etc.. Support Sr. Directors for travel and expenses, and their global teams for general inquiries and assistance. Coordinate all meeting room technology and equipment and/or catering for executive meetings Independently provide high quality support that anticipates the needs of the executives Tactfully coordinate and manage multiple and competing meeting requests in alignment with priorities Coordinate domestic and international travel including international visas and passport applications/renewals Track relevant executive travel and expense receipts for accurate accounting reconciliations. File and track reimbursements, credits, and refunds through to completion in the expense tool Track and file corporate p-card expenses and submit reports in compliance with company policies Process electronic purchase orders through I-procurement and submit invoices with AP department Prepare and polish documents in multiple applications Project a professional and supportive image to all parties in the screening of telephone calls, internal clients and guests. Prioritize people and situations in need of attention Interact professionally with high level candidates, executive search firms, and external business partners Handle highly confidential and sensitive information with the appropriate discretion Understand key functions and projects in the department and follow-through on action items in progress Coordinate with other executive assistants etc.; serve as back-up for other Executive Admins as needed Function as Office Manager, maintaining supplies and coordinating team building activities with the ability to meticulously plan and coordinate events at onsite or offsite venues Manages multiple special projects including large-scale meetings and event planning Facilitate the onboarding of new Hires; coordinating with Recruiting, HR, IT and managers Assist hiring managers with NUSUs (New User Set Ups) to ensure they are completed in advance Onboard new team members; including first day pick up and team area orientation The next great EA Executive Assistant also needs: The ability to balance a strong work ethic and enthusiasm with contagious energy and dedication Service-oriented team player with good sense of humor! Significant administrative experience supporting multiple individuals. Strong MS Office Suite (i.e., Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint) skills, Google Drive is a plus! Experience using Chrome River and Concur is preferred BA or BS degree preferred What’s in it for you? Glad you asked! We love to brag about our great perks like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement, 401k with company match and, of course, free video games. And since we realize it takes world-class people to make world- class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives off of creativity and individuality. At EA, we live the “work hard/play hard” credo every day. EA is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal records in accordance with applicable law. EA also makes workplace accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities as required by applicable law.