Job Duties: We are looking for a highly motivated software engineer to work in the RET team in the Calibre business unit. You will be responsible for developing core functions in the OPC and related product line, which is a widely adopted software tool that is used for full chip simulation of the lithography process and qualification of the RET solution. You will be teaming up with a senior group of software engineers contributing to final production level quality of new components and algorithms. You will be responsible for the complete sequence of development steps, including conceptualization, specification, programming and testing of the solution. Previous experience in EDA will be a plus. Job Qualifications: The successful candidate will possess the following combination of education and experience: BS degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Physics, Math or related field is required. MS or PhD is preferred. Must have at least 5 years of professional Software Engineering with C and C++ on UNIX and/or LINUX platforms. (MS degree with 3 years of professional experience or PhD degree with < 1 year will be considered). Some computational geometry experience is strongly preferred Machine Learning experience is strongly preferred. Experience with tensorflow/sklearn is preferred. Experience in OPC / RET areas are preferred. Individuals with strong ability to learn and explore new technologies and who are able to demonstrate good analysis and problem solving skills are preferred. Must have the ability to collaborate closely with other members of the team and develop critical components consistently and in a timely manner. Experience with Tcl/Tk and other scripting languages (perl, python) is preferred. _All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, color, religion, national origin, disability or protected veteran status._ Back Share Apply Now