We have a wide variety of career opportunities around the world — come find yours. Information Technology The United IT team designs, develops and maintains massively scaling technology solutions that are brought to life with innovative architectures, data analytics and digital solutions. Job overview and responsibilities Provides thought-leadership in enterprise architecture strategy & planning. Defines roadmaps to bridge the gap from current to future state for business, information and technology capabilities. Contribute to the development of multi-year plans in alignment with business and IT strategy. Provide industry- leading thought leadership - and facilitate development of strategies across multiple disciplines/domains. Facilitate development of architecture patterns and standards. Consult in design of complex enterprise initiatives - and provide guidance to project teams. Consult in design of multiple projects across multiple disciplines/domains. Manage enterprise architecture models and repositories. Establish communities of practice in areas of expertise. Communicate and market the enterprise architecture strategy. Coach and mentor other IT staff in area of expertise. IT Strategy Align the development of core business capabilities, information assets and technology in response to strategic imperatives Collaborate with the business to evaluate business goals, identify business problems, and propose solutions Architecture Planning Provides an enterprise-wide perspective within the United IT division Leads architecture strategy & planning for large programs - and provides guidance to technical staff across multiple projects Model the enterprise-wide business and technology capabilities to analyze the alignment of business strategies and capabilities with technology strategy and solutions Decompose business strategies and initiatives into actionable multi-year roadmaps, providing clear direction on execution in order to ensure a high return on investment Develop and maintain the centralized EA repository and artifacts Drive strategic and transitional planning of applications, technology, information and business functions across the enterprise IT Delivery Provide direction to internal and external resources during the selection and implementation of business systems Participate in the design of business, information and technology architectures on the basis of cost, functionality and practicality Organizational Development Maintain communities of practice surrounding business analysis and IT architecture Facilitate open communication and fact-based decision making Research, identify, and recommend industry best practices for solving business and technology problems Function with autonomy and demonstrate influence Clarify, define, coordinate and direct the work of others Provide guidance to other architects Required Bachelors degree, preferably in Information Technology or Business or 7 years of equivalent work experience 5 plus years of Platform architectural experience, with deep knowledge of Virtualization, Storage, Windows, Open Source and Solaris systems Experience with private and hybrid cloud environments Awareness of industry best practices and research DICEUAL INDUAL Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT