Donnelley Financial Solutions (NYSE: DFIN) provides software and services that enable clients to communicate with confidence in a complex regulatory environment. With 3,500 employees in 61 locations across 18 countries, we provide thousands of clients globally with innovative tools for content creation, management and distribution, as well as data analytics and multi- lingual translations services. Leveraging advanced technology, deep-domain expertise and 24/7 support, we deliver cost-effective solutions to meet the evolving needs of our clients. Company Intro Donnelley Financial Solutions (NYSE: DFIN) provides software and services that enable clients to communicate with confidence in a complex regulatory environment. With 3,500 employees in 61 locations across 18 countries, we provide thousands of clients globally with innovative tools for content creation, management and distribution, as well as data analytics and multi- lingual translations services. Leveraging advanced technology, deep-domain expertise and 24/7 support, we deliver cost-effective solutions to meet the evolving needs of our clients. We believe that building a great software team requires diverse people with a common goal. You will be part of that team. Job Description As a senior member of our team, you will be focused on helping us create software that is reliable, maintainable, secure, and creates a framework for innovative solutions. You will tackle the most complex problems and identify whether they require innovations, decisions, or routine tasks. Whiteboards will be often used by you and the team. Through agile processes, you will work on a variety of projects including multiple Azure services (Service Fabric, Web Jobs, Message Queues, etc.) as well as both relational (Azure SQL) and non-relational (Cosmos) data sources. We seek to make the action of writing code as efficient as possible in order to allow for a focus on clean architecture designs and continuous education. We aim to build a team with highly motivated individuals who share in a craftsman type approach to software. Required Skills Familiar with ASP.NET MVC (routing, model binding, razor views) Understanding of REST API structure and ASP.NET WebAPI Experience with Dependency Injection Application Security (encryption, secure messaging) Data Access ORM (Dapper and Entity Framework) Azure Services (Web Apps, Cosmos, Web Jobs) SOLID Principles Comfortable with Agile processes Proficiency with JavaScript and HTML5 Experience with JavaScript frameworks (Angular 2 or 4, React) Professional, precise communication skills Extensive knowledge of CSS and JS methods for providing performant visual effects Thorough understanding of the responsibilities of the platform, database, API, caching layer, proxies, and other web services used in the system Writing non-blocking code, and resorting to advanced techniques such as multi-threading, when needed 7+ years in web application development Experience working on large scale production environments Knowledge of various non-relational data stores Bachelor degree in discipline related to functional work or role OR demonstrated ability to meet the job requirements through a comparable number of years of applicable work experience. It is the policy of Donnelley Financial Solutions to select, place and manage all its employees without discrimination based on race, color, national origin, gender, age, religion, actual or perceived disability, veteran's status, actual or perceived sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected status. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access jobs.dfsco.com as a result of your disability. You can request a reasonable accommodation by sending an email to AccommodationRequests@dfsco.com.