Join us to innovate in the speed of start-ups. LAB13 by MRM//McCann is an award-winning product and experience innovation studio for curious-minded experts in design thinking, artificial intelligence, product and service design, engineering, and technology. LAB13 helps companies innovate in the speed of start-ups. We design products, services, environments, and digital experiences for organizations that transform the human experience in away it’s never been done before. We partner with the talents within McCann Worldgroup and external experts to create visible and tangible strategies for innovation and executes all aspects for design, engineering from conception through prototyping. Responsibilities : Design and create scientific hypothesis to develop innovation strategies for product innovation, service design solutions and artificial intelligence ecosystems Lead and design the innovation workshop practice from ideate-to-prototype Understand the consumer experience with products and categories by developing and interpreting costumer insights and technology research to identify innovative opportunities to solve real problems. Participate in cross-functional meetings throughout the product development process and lead the innovation strategy practice in innovation workshops During the development of product formulations oversee internal and external teams and partners. Research and development responsibility for product and service innovation. Monitor trends in cutting edge technologies, connected products and service Support as Innovation Strategist the agency network with identifying, developing, evaluating, and commercializing new technologies within multiple categories to design human-centric solutions. Categories include automotive, pharma, finance, telecommunication government, and FMCG clients Required Skills: Someone who wants to influence their own development. You’re looking for a product innovation studio where you have the opportunity to pursue your interests across functions and geographies. LAB13 Innovation Strategists are experienced professionals with 5-7 years in consulting, agency, or industry related experience. They understand customer journey mapping, insight hunting, product and service development and are able to mentor in large innovation workshops while possessing most of the following skills 3-5 years acting as a Strategist within a fast-paced technology leader; experience with cutting edge technology, artificial intelligence and product development (digital and physical). A dedicated and talented technology strategist who understands the value of design and future-thinking. Understanding of computer science, data structures, and algorithm Experience consulting with senior leadership on framing the strategic thinking; direct experience in a corporate strategy role or as a strategy consultant with a top-tier business advisory or design firm is required. Iterative prototyping and/or working in Agile development environments Hands on research expertise, from ethnographic and other qualitative research methods to quantitative methods (surveys, focus groups, quantitative analysis) Experience in identifying and delivering on growth opportunities and bringing products or services to market Exceptional presentation and communication skills; ability to develop a compelling storyline, innovation strategy, customer journey map and experience in presenting to senior leadership. A passion for technology including knowledge of the latest developments and consumer experiences. Proven ability and ongoing desire to collaborate with multi-disciplinary teams around the globe. Experience and ability to work quickly and efficiently in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment. Entrepreneurship is a huge plus MBA (or equivalent) with strong academic performance strongly preferred In your cover letter, please address: You and LAB13: Why are you interested in the role and joining LAB13? Talent and Passion: How does your skillset fit LAB13 and your passions? Innovation and transformation: What are your interests in technology and design? At MRM//McCann, Relationship is our middle name. We employ the most innovative talent in the industry to drive digital transformation for our clients’ businesses and provide creative solutions to help brands grow meaningful relationships with people. MRM//McCann is a leading customer relationship agency that leverages the power of creativity, the beauty of data, and the magic of technology to help brands grow meaningful relationships with people. Do you excel when working in a team? Are you fascinated by the endless possibilities that technology brings to marketing? Are you ready to transform our world? If so, you will thrive in our culture based on the Important Things We Believe (I.T.W.B.s) Ideas power everything We’re Better Together We’ll figure it out Complexity can be managed It only counts if we deliver Technology is magic MRM//McCann is a leader in Gartner Inc.'s annual "Magic Quadrant for Global Digital Marketing Agencies" report. Gartner Magic Quadrants are based on an exacting methodology where agencies stand out for their strategic services, including business strategy and digital business transformation skills. MRM//McCann is noted for its global vision and strategy, and its use of tools and analytics enabling clients to deliver a measurable business impact as the result of those strategies. _We love our diverse workplace! MRM//McCann is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, national or ethnic origin, disability, marital status, veteran status or any other occupationally irrelevant criteria._ Required Skills Required Experience