Chenega Professional & Technical Services (CPTS) is seeking an IT Security Analyst to provide support to NASA - AMES Research Center (ARC) within the Information Technology Services. _Essential Duties and Responsibilities:_ (Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position) Applies knowledge of mission-critical cybersecurity projects. Responsible for intrusion prevention, detection, continuous diagnosis and mitigation (CDM), security training, malware defense, incident notification, detecting/alerting/blocking unauthorized assets, incident management and response, attainment and renewal of system ATOs (authorizations to operate), vulnerability testing and analysis, and research and development in producing whitepapers and proof of concepts for new cutting-edge security tools and technology. Performs packet analysis, identifies malformed packets, and analyzes the payload of a packet of network protocols and routing. Writes and maintains processes, procedures, test/assessment results, presentations, papers, articles, and other types of documents as required. _Non-Essential Duties:_ Other duties as assigned. _Supervisory Responsibilities:_ None. _Minimum Qualifications:_ (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.) Bachelor's Degree in related field. Two (2) years of related experience in an IT related discipline associated with the IT Security Analyst labor category. Must be GSEC certified and Comp TIA Security+ certified. Must be able to obtain required NASA badge. Must be able to provide a certified Birth Certificate (with state seal), Passport, or INS Citizenship documents on date of hire (candidate will be sent home if this paperwork is not provided upon arrival on date of hire). Must have, and maintain, a valid driver’s license. _Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:_ Good organizational and planning skills Excellent communication skills Proven ability to pay close attention to detail Ability to work independently but follow specific detailed instructions Ability to interface with various levels of personnel in a multi-cultural, team- oriented environment _Diversity:_ Shows respect and sensitivity for cultural differences; Educates others on the value of diversity; Promotes a harassment-free environment; Builds a diverse workforce. _Ethics:_ Treats people with respect; Keeps commitments; Inspires the trust of others; Works with integrity and ethically; Upholds organizational values. _Physical Demands:_ The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision. _Work Environment_ _:_ The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment. During visits to areas of operations, may be exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise. Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Native preference under PL 93-638. We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program. Qualifications _Minimum Qualifications:_ (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.) Bachelor's Degree in related field. Two (2) years of related experience in an IT related discipline associated with the IT Security Analyst labor category. Must be GSEC certified and Comp TIA Security+ certified. Must be able to obtain required NASA badge. Must be able to provide a certified Birth Certificate (with state seal), Passport, or INS Citizenship documents on date of hire (candidate will be sent home if this paperwork is not provided upon arrival on date of hire). Must have, and maintain, a valid driver’s license. Job Information Security Primary Location United States-California-San Francisco Organization Chenega Professional & Technical Services Recruiter Anne Goldberg