Working at Fabcon Do you want to work at the top tier pre-fabricated concrete wall manufacturing and construction company in the East Coast and Midwest? Do you see yourself at a company on the cusp of rapid growth due to creative products, lean manufacturing expertise, and market dominance? Do you dream of being on a team that values leadership development and career growth opportunities? If so, a career at Fabcon may be for you. We are the precast wall panel industry leader in the United States. Purpose / Scope: The IT Business Analyst solves organizational information technology and process problems by analyzing requirements, recommending and designing solutions. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Determines business objectives of the stakeholders by studying business functions; gathering information; evaluating output requirements and formats. Develops solutions and designs applications to support business requirements by analyzing requirements; constructing “as-is” and “to-be” process flows; studying system capabilities; writing specifications. Serves as an interface between technology teams, vendor support team and business units. Translates business requirements to Technical Requirements and collaborates with Systems Analyst and Developers. Improves systems by studying current practices; designing and recommending modifications. Recommends controls by identifying problems; writing improved procedures. Defines project requirements by identifying project milestones, phases, and elements; forming project team; establishing project budget. Monitors project progress by tracking activity; resolving problems; publishing progress reports; recommending actions. Provides references for users by writing and maintaining user documentation; providing help desk support; training users. Support configurable off-the-shelf applications. Other duties as assigned Basic Qualifications: Knowledge of ERP systems Knowledge of SharePoint Knowledge of structured analysis and systems design methodologies Knowledge of documenting software requirements, analyzing business processes and promoting process improvement Experience writing statements of work and leading users through project scoping definition Experience with System Development Lifecycles Able to travel between sites as needed Other Required Qualifications: Excellent customer service Able to maintain a high level of productivity, handle multiple competing priorities, and work effectively under the pressure of time constraints in a dynamic, complex, collaborative and team oriented environment Positive and professional attitude Excellent presentation and training skills required Remarkable attention to detail Excellent interpersonal skills Ability to work with individuals at all levels of an organization Strong initiative and leadership Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent professional experience (8+ years) Project management experience or certifications are a plus Knowledge of Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence Knowledge of business processes in manufacturing or construction environment Physical Requirements: Office: Move 25lbs, work with a computer for extended periods of time, use of telephone and video-conferencing technology Work Environment: Work a variety of shifts Office: Quiet with some ambient noise, climate controlled, fluorescent lighting Field (Periodic Visits): All types of weather conditions (year-round, Mid-west and Northeast), dirt/dust, noise from heavy machinery/vehicles, natural and/or uneven ground including loose dirt and rocks Plant/Yard(Periodic Visits): All types of weather conditions (year-round, Mid-west and Northeast), dirt/dust, noise from heavy machinery/vehicles, vibrations from machinery and vehicles, loud noises, little to no climate control, varying amounts of light, stairs, narrow walkways Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer Fabcon is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. We welcome job applications from qualified individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, ancestry, family care status, veteran status, marital status, or any other lawfully protected status. Minorities, women, disabled persons, and veterans are encouraged to apply. If you need a reasonable accommodation to complete the application process, please contact our Human Resources Department. Qualified applicants are subject to pre-employment drug testing and background check upon receipt of conditional job offers. Our Drug Free Workplace Policy is available for inspection in the Human Resources office in Minnesota or our plant locations in Ohio, Kansas and Pennsylvania during normal business hours. We participate in E-Verify and if you are hired, we will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from your Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. If the government cannot confirm that you are authorized to work, we are required to provide you with written instructions and an opportunity to contact DHS and/or the SSA before taking adverse action against you. Please refer to the posters on our website or DHS for more information on E-verify