Req ID: 22903 Experience Level: Entry-Level Other Location(s): N/A Come grow with us At Capital Group, how we work is defined by shared values that include absolute integrity, respect and collaboration. But it’s more than that. It’s smart and highly driven people united in purpose to serve our investors and one another. Bring your energy and unique perspective to Capital and you’ll have the opportunity to grow with us professionally, personally, and financially. You’ll be part of a team that genuinely cares about helping you succeed. You’ll work alongside talented colleagues, many of whom build long careers while progressing through multiple roles, establishing lifelong friendships and making a difference in our communities. In return for your contributions, you’ll receive premier compensation and benefits, and a company-funded retirement plan that ranks among the most generous. The Technology Support Associate provides desktop support (level 1 and 2) for the Investment Group, North America Distribution, Human Resources, Offices Services, and Private Client Services within Capital Group. You will install, configure, troubleshoot, maintain, and support technology and office systems, and assist with the automation of tasks. Responsibilities: Monitors support queue and performs troubleshooting and resolution for simple to moderately complex issues, ensuring reported incidents are resolved quickly and effectively in accordance with service level agreements Partners with relevant second and third level technology teams to ensure current and future client needs are addressed Interacts with supported business units to gain an understanding of technical requirements and specific workflows in order to act as a business unit advocate and communicate their technical requirements to the Engineering and Business Systems teams Researches and pursues relevant training opportunities to ensure a broad awareness of current and emerging technical solutions. Participates in projects involving new technology evaluation, testing, and integration Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in technology or a related field Minimum 6 months of experience providing end-user support in a networked environment Knowledge of Windows 7, Windows 10, Outlook/Exchange, Microsoft applications, and VPN, as well as other technology such as iOS and Androids Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Strong commitment to working as a team and providing excellent customer service Company Overview: Founded in 1931, Capital Group is one of the world’s largest and most trusted investment management companies and home to the American Funds. We manage more than US$1.39 trillion in assets, and our 7,500 associates make our clients their first priority every day. When we do our job right, millions of investors around the world fulfill their dreams and financial goals, from home ownership and higher education, to a comfortable retirement. Our long-term investment results and outstanding service set us apart from our competitors, while our workplace sets us apart from other employers. _We are an equal opportunity employer, which means we comply with all federal, state and local laws that prohibit discrimination when making all decisions about employment. As equal opportunity employers, our policies prohibit unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, sex (including gender and gender identity), pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status, AIDS/HIV status, political activities or affiliations, military or veteran status, status as a victim of domestic violence, assault or stalking or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law._