Job Description: ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Supervise all functions of internal and external parts sales (e.g. shop and counter) of Cummins/Onan parts and products. Supervise all procurement, receiving, and warehousing activities. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Schedule work loads, coordinate shipping, receiving, and purchasing activities for all parts employees. Supervise and motivate parts employees. Hire, dismiss, and review employees subject to the Parts Manager's approval. Make recommendations relative to wages, promotions, and disciplinary actions. Train parts employees in the essential functions of their jobs. Maintain all parts areas in a clean, orderly, and safe condition. Arrange parts department bins to ensure efficient movement of employees retrieving parts. Ensure that cores are managed with a goal of zero variance. Assist with dealer training in the use of computer applications, core management, or other dealer training needs. Prepare quotes and bids on Cummins and Onan products as necessary. Substitute as required for absent employees. Maintain Service Parts Topics. Work closely with Parts Manager on status reports, negative reports, and inventory control. Prepare invoicing for serialized engines. Be a positive role model for all co-workers and customers. Job Requirements: KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES REQUIRED: High school diploma or equivalent required. Some college preferred. Must have complete knowledge of all phases of department operations. Must demonstrate ability to lead, direct and supervise activities of others. Must have a high degree of initiative. Must be thoroughly knowledgeable of computer data entry procedures and interpretation of computer generated reports utilized in departmental operations. Must possess superior interpersonal and customer relations skills. Knowledge of BMS and QuickServe applications. Must have an internal drive for customer service and provide an elevated level of service for internal and external customers. Must comply with safety rules and regulations and apply them to daily work routines for personal safety and the safety of others. WORKING CONDITIONS: Describe extraordinary conditions that are associated with the essential elements of the job (e.g. work space, hazardous conditions, environmental conditions, etc.) There are no extraordinary conditions associated with the job. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Must be able to lift 25 pounds routinely and 50 pounds occasionally; standing 80% of the time and sitting 20% of the time. Must have the physical ability to wear Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) Protective Glasses, Protective Gloves, and Protective Footwear as required. We at Cummins Southern Plains, LLC are dedicated to diversity in the workplace and our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, age, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression or other status protected by law. EEO is the Law Poster EEO is the Law Supplement Req. Code : 1401 Division/Department : Houston Operations of Openings : 1