Job Details Level Entry Job Location Austin Office - Austin, TX Position Type Undisclosed Education Level 4 Year Degree Salary Range Undisclosed Travel Percentage Undisclosed Job Shift Day Job Category Undisclosed Description Are you looking for an opportunity to work with a collaborative, talented, passionate team of water quality scientists serving a wide range of water and wastewater clients across the State of Texas on critical water quality and regulatory issues? Alan Plummer Associates, Inc., an Environmental Engineering consulting firm celebrating its 40th anniversary, not only fits that bill, but offers far more. We are accepting resumes for an Environmental Project Engineer/Scientist-in- training II or III on the Water Quality/Permitting Team in our Austin, Texas office. The ideal candidate will have experience in the water quality field, be motivated, organized and hard-working, have excellent oral and written communication skills, and be capable of working on multiple projects simultaneously. This position will primarily involve development of permit applications, water quality studies support, and regulatory support. Our Austin office is located at 6300 La Calma Drive, Suite 400, Austin, TX 78752. Essential Functions: Work closely with other Water Quality/Permitting Team staff to manage, review, and evaluate water quality data associated with permitting projects, water quality studies, pre-treatment projects, and other regulatory projects. Provide technical support for projects on which the team is involved, including engineering design projects for wastewater treatment facilities and other treatment facilities for clients. May also include field inspections of industrial facilities and stormwater management facilities. Assist with completion of water quality permit applications for clients. Assist with water quality modeling projects, as assigned. Assist with water resource planning activities, as assigned. Assist with development of databases and analysis of data, including water quality data, as assigned. Assist with obtaining various permits. Assist with proposal preparation. Research water quality regulations and standards, and advise design engineer and clients regarding. appropriate design requirements to meet water quality standards. Work with state and federal regulators to find solutions to water quality issues. Interact directly with clients on project related issues and opportunities, as assigned. Competencies: A basic understanding of environmental regulations, particularly State and Federal regulations pertaining to water quality permitting and water quality standards is required. Microsoft Office high proficiency, including Excel, required Working knowledge of Access, preferred Working knowledge of GIS, preferred Working knowledge of AutoCAD, preferred Personal Qualities: Independent, self-directed worker; knows when to stop and ask questions; organized and able to prioritize multiple tasks; loves researching and solving complex problems. Fits in with company culture of integrity, kindness, service and excellence. Supervisory Responsibilities: This position currently has no direct supervisory responsibilities. Work Environment: This job includes a mix of approximately 85% office time and 15% outside field requirements depending on project scopes. The employee will need to be prepared to serve in a traditional professional office environment. Additionally, the employee will be expected to occasionally perform outside and field activities including site visits to project sites throughout the State of Texas. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, etc. Physical and Mental Demands: Physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to communicate effectively with others, including colleagues, clients, and regulators. Traveling to and from project sites and meetings, if required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Mental demands typically include time management, conflict resolution, excellent communication and organizational skills. Must be able to manage fast paced project environment with multiple deadlines. Position Type and Expected Hours: This is a full-time position, 40-45 hours/week. Typical days and hours of work are Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5 p.m. Occasional longer hours may be required as job duties demand, including evenings and/or weekend work, when necessary. Travel: Travel is expected for this position's essential job duties. This may include travel to meet with clients, regulators, or other offices of APAI, or to work with other members of the Water Quality/Permitting team on projects from time to time. Qualifications Required Education and Experience: Bachelor's Degree in Environmental Science, Biology, or Chemistry from an accredited university or an engineering degree from an ABET accredited engineering program. Must have a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0. Education course work, with a completion grade of B or higher, in one or more of the following courses is preferred: biology, ecology, water resources, water chemistry, aquatic biology, environmental science, water treatment, wastewater treatment, hydraulics or hydrology, geology, geoscience. Preferred Education and Experience: Two to four years of work experience in water resources, water chemistry, aquatic biology, water treatment, and/or wastewater treatment. Experience developing and writing various State of Texas water quality permits and registrations; experience working directly with or for the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality. Experience with other specific water quality regulatory programs or areas, such as land application of wastes, biosolids management, industrial pretreatment, water quality standards development, whole effluent toxicity, etc. Experience in other environmental regulatory programs, such as air permitting, CWA Section 404 permitting, etc., would be a plus Additional Eligibility Qualifications: Takes initiative to plan, schedule, conduct and coordinate project-specific work assignments while balancing deadlines. Self-starter who takes ownership of work product. Ready for project management and consulting sales training. Valid Texas Drivers License Read, write, and speak English at a professional level. Work Authorization: Must be able to legally work in the United States without sponsorship, now or in the future. Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. It is the policy of the Company to provide an equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. The Company does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, age, medical condition, disability, workers’ compensation status, or veteran status.