Job Description Drive an Industry Forward The Movidius Team have been at the forefront of designing and delivering solutions for exciting new machine vision markets and to date have delivered the successful Myriad VPUs and Neural Compute Stick Programs. We are continuing to work on innovative VPU & SoC designs for machine vision applications generally and drones specifically. Within the team, the Architecture group is responsible for defining the overall product definition and architecture of the devices and IP delivered by the team. The Architecture group is involved from the early stages of product concept and definition working with the business units as well as engaging directly with customers, all the way through to final product qualification, ensuring technical correctness through close continuous collaboration with Silicon design, Validation, Test, Software and Firmware teams. Through the ownership and delivery of initial technology path finding, Product Requirements and architecture specifications, the architecture group is key in setting product direction and seeing through its execution supporting the team every step of the way. Responsibilities As an architect within the Movidius Engineering Group, you will be interfacing directly with partner business groups in the US and around the world to translate Market requirements and usages into detailed specifications for SoC & IP development. Your responsibilities shall include but not be limited to: Defining SoC Architecture to meet Drone, AR/VR & Smart Home requirements specifically and Machine Vision applications more generally. Ensuring that chosen Architecture meets aggressive SoC product and development cost targets as well as deliver to best in class capabilities. Working daily with SoC & IP implementation teams across HW/SW SoC disciplines to translate Architecture into reality. Aligning with partners across Intel and externally to influence IP procurement and development decisions to the benefit of SoC program needs. Lead early architecture pathfinding when required on Movidius technology and products for both Movidius’ SoC product line as well as its IP offering to the rest of Intel. Interfacing as required to help customer engineering teams access detailed SoC or IP data to help their design decisions. Qualifications Required Experience BS/MS Electrical or Computer Engineering with 10+ years of industry experience in SoC or IP development. Deep knowledge and experience implementing low power and low cost Architectures. Proven track record of architecting / developing first-time-right products to meet aggressive timeline and development targets. Deep Technical subject matter expertise in one or more of the following areas is critical: Low Power Standard Compression algorithms & implementations PC Interconnects: PCIe, USB SoC Architecture & Internal Bus Interconnects Camera sensing & Imaging Deep Learning Desired Experience/Knowledge Deep technical expertise of platform architecture in the areas of power delivery, Memory devices & Vision sensors. Deep Learning specific weights & activation compression techniques, algorithms & implementations. Working understanding of typical SoC functional blocks such as Memory Subsystem, Analog Sensing, Standard Interfaces (PCIe/USB/I2C/GPIO/UART), etc. is essential. OS bring-up and system boot familiarity preferred. Inside this Business Group Intel AI, leveraging Intel's world leading position in silicon innovation and proven history in creating the compute standards that power our world, is transforming Artificial Intelligence (AI) with the Intel AI products portfolio. Harnessing silicon designed specifically for AI, end to end solutions that broadly span from the data center to the edge, and tools that enable customers to quickly deploy and scale up, Intel AI is inside AI and leading the next evolution of compute. Other Locations US, California, Santa Clara; US, California, Folsom; Ireland, Leixlip; Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.