The Commercial Operations Data Quality Manager works to ensure that field data assets required by the commercial functions are complete, accurate, consistent and fit-for-use. This requires data alignment experience, data quality and data management work as well as coordinating data-related business processes across functions. Responsibilities: Prepare and present quarterly updates to the business in relation to field data quality Create and manage a data quality framework to ensure end to end data quality between Veeva and RCM Manage customer alignment process for SGZ Support and manage Veeva Align process Proactively intervene with data sources to solve data problems Ensure accurate integration of all SGZ data sources into the customer master Monitor incoming data loads from key sources Manage and respond to customer data inquiries Cross functional collaboration across ITS, SGZ and Bridgewater teams Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited four-year college or university At least 3 - 5 years direct experience with customer data and/or data management Strong knowledge and experience with Veeva Align and customer alignment processes Knowledge of and/or experience in pharmaceuticals sales operations and customer data Understanding of how data is applied in a pharmaceuticals commercial operations context Ability to translate business needs into effective data quality communications Understands the basic principles of data governance and date stewardship/quality Strong communication skills, including the ability to communicate the data management subject matter to a non-technical/unfamiliar internal customers Sanofi Inc. and its U.S. affiliates are Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employers committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race; color; creed; religion; national origin; age; ancestry; nationality; marital, domestic partnership or civil union status; sex, gender, gender identity or expression; affectional or sexual orientation; disability; veteran or military status or liability for military status; domestic violence victim status; atypical cellular or blood trait; genetic information (including the refusal to submit to genetic testing) or any other characteristic protected by law. GD-SA LI-SA GD-SG LI-GZ Sanofi is dedicated to supporting people through their health challenges. We are a global biopharmaceutical company focused on human health. We prevent illness with vaccines, provide innovative treatments to fight pain and ease suffering. We stand by the few who suffer from rare diseases and the millions with long-term chronic conditions. With more than 100,000 people in 100 countries, Sanofi is transforming scientific innovation into healthcare solutions around the globe. Sanofi, Empowering Life