The OSIsoft Cloud Services team is looking for software developers interested in working on OSIsoft’s Software as a Service (SaaS) offerings. This is your opportunity to join an exciting, new development effort that will be fundamental to the future of OSIsoft. Responsibilities: As part of this team, you will participate in the definition, design, implementation, test, deployment and management of our highly scalable SaaS offerings. You will make use of Microsoft Azure components such as Service Fabric, Windows Azure Active Directory, Azure Storage, Event Hubs, and other relevant frameworks and technologies like C, REST, ASP.NET You will help with all aspects of the development of OSIsoft Cloud Services, including build control & deployment, testing, operations, and content management Requirements: Bachelor of Science degree or higher in Computer Science or STEM discipline. 5+ years working knowledge exp. in C and ASP.NET a must 3+ years of software product or application development. Ability to work with minimum supervision, work with Product Management to refine incomplete specifications and negotiate features Ability to clearly communicate complex technology verbally and written. About OSIsoft : OSIsoft is a global leader in operational intelligence. We deliver an open enterprise infrastructure, the PI System™, to connect sensor-based data, systems and people. OSIsoft has installations in 127 countries and is widely used across manufacturing, energy, utilities, pharmaceuticals, life sciences, data centers, facilities and the process industries, as well as the public sector and the federal government. OSIsoft is headquartered in San Leandro, California, U.S.A, with offices around the world. At OSIsoft, we provide the industry standard in enterprise infrastructure for management of time series data through the OSIsoft PI System™. Our customers rely upon the PI System™ to safeguard data and deliver enterprise-wide visibility into operational, manufacturing and business information. The PI System™ enables users to manage assets, mitigate risks, comply with regulations, improve processes, drive innovation, make business decisions in real time, and to identify competitive business and market opportunities. We are time series data; if the data has a value at a given time, we collect it, store it, and show it to our customers whenever they need it! We let engineers and managers see exactly what’s going on in their processes in real time – useful, right? EEO/AA/Veterans/Disabled LI-JM1