Description Are you ready to develop and maintain Big Data applications that process terabytes of data using Apache Spark? Ready to leverage the Apache ecosystem to build new data pipelines using Spark, Kafka and Hadoop. Build new, cutting edge applications that represent the next generation of our product offerings. Requirements 4 - 8 years of total IT/Development experience. We don’t need architects, just need smart developers Well versed in software development principles and processes, object-oriented principals and continuous delivery 1 - 2 years of Spark and/or Spark Streaming development experience 2 - 4 years of Scala/Java experience Good communication skills that can deal with diverse types of people from Data Science, Marketing, Product Management and QA groups 2 - 4 years experience with relational and no-sql platforms 1 - 2 years experience with the Hadoop ecosystem (Hive, HBase, Impala) and Apache Kafka Knowledge of Python is helpful Knowledge of Akka or Play Framework is helpful 2+ years experience with Linux operating systems, specifically CentOS, installing, troubleshooting and command-line scripting. Knowledge of restful APIs (creating and consuming) is helpful Knowledge of AngularJS, jQuery, nodeJS is helpful Desire to learn existing and new technologies around the Big Data space Responsibilities Selecting and integrating any Big Data tools and frameworks required to provide requested capabilities Implementing ETL processes for structured and semi-structured data Monitoring performance and advising any necessary infrastructure changes Build distributed, reliable and scalable data pipelines to ingest and process data in real-time. Hadoop developer deals with fetching impression streams, transaction behaviors, clickstream data and other unstructured data. Cleaning data as per business requirements using streaming API’s or user defined functions WHO ARE WE? We’re the global leader in loyalty and customer relationship management solutions, and we’re growing. Our exciting, culture-focused company is looking to Big Data Architect and Engineers who embrace challenges, are eager to work with exciting clients, and enjoys being rewarded & recognized for hard work. Working at Brierley+Partners means working with globally-recognized companies to create cutting-edge solutions, all while enjoying industry-best benefits and perks.