Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description This is an application Oracle DBA role which requires project and automation background with good communication skills. An understanding of multiple DBMS' is preferred. The DBA Sr Consultant C1 creates database structures for medium to large projects, provides support in the day to day operational management of Database Technologies and aids in software maintenance lifecycle management with little to no assistance. The DBA Sr Consultant analyzes, consults and recommends different options for database performance tuning, database configuration implementation, creates and maintains scripts and test plan execution. Participates in Enterprise incident, change and problem management activities The Database Administrator (DBA) designs, documents, provides guidance, and supports database infrastructure solutions to fulfill business or technology requirements. Key Responsibilities Creates physical data models by gathering requirements and working with application developers, System Analysts and Architects for low complex models with little or no assistance. Converts logical data models into physical data models and generates DDL for implementation. Provides primary database maintenance and support including creation of DDL, gathering backup and recovery requirements, volumetrics and other requirements for medium complex applications with some guidance from DBA Technical leads. Analyzes, consults and recommends different options for database performance tuning, database configuration implementation and collaborates with vendors and subject matter experts on complex incidents Engages and manages incidents by collaborating with application areas, IS partners and vendors by providing detailed documentation on initial failure, restoration activity, and impact analysis. Identifies bugs and patches related to issues/incidents, works with database vendor support for patch validation. Creates rollout plan for permanent problem resolution. Proactively identifies underlying problem areas and escalates with appropriate diagnostic details and analysis. Assists in driving root cause analysis on complex incidents. Utilizes Problem Management processes and procedures to document and highlight issues and areas of concern. Supports proactive definition and installation of alerts and monitors for database performance and availability. Identifies and participates in problem management related to incidents. Understands, maintains, documents and executes database availability software options based on Solution architecture requirements. With assistance Is able to identify and troubleshoot problems with different availability options Participates in recovery/rollback as necessary and participates in tests of back-up procedures to ensure integrity of the back-ups. Understands and implements replication strategies per strategic solution and database i criticality utilizing tools such as DPROP, Golden Gate, Mirroring, Data Guard, etc. Executes Disaster Recovery tests independently for lower tiered databases and assists for higher tiered databases. Creates and/or modifies jobs for various utilities and provide database services and conducts periodic certification of back-up and recovery processes and verifies alignment with Business Resumption strategy. Reviews and follows architecture and enterprise database standards and partners with other groups to interpret and implement architecture and enterprise standards. Job Qualifications This is an application DBA role which requires project and automation background with good communication skills. An understanding of multiple DBMS' is preferred; College degree or equivalent work experience; 5+ years in database management, testing, scripting, or configuration Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.