Summary: Works as a consulting team member on client or internal assignments on product implementation, enhancement or integration projects. Plans and supervisor the work of a small to medium sized team. Utilizes Professional concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effective ways. Serves as a senior level pre-sales and post-sales technical support specialist when needed. Serves as a product expert to new clients during installations. Provides advice and expertise in system configuration as it applies to the client's business, drawing on managed care, application system technology and business experience as the context for delivery. Primary duties and responsibilities include: Responsible for leading clients in product workflow design and configuration activities Knowledgeable in the Care Management processes: Utilization Management, Case Management, Disease Management Knowledgeable of NCQA, and URAC requirements Proficient in the Standard Solution offering for CareAdvance Enterprise including standard workflows and content Provide functional CareAdvance product knowledge related to the various client requirements Provides supervision of 2 - 5 people. Conducts periodic status checks with customers and team to assess progress against plan. Monitors and adjusts project variables as necessary throughout project. Resolves issues timely and accurately and escalates as appropriate. Suggests improvements in service delivery processes and techniques and prepares weekly status reports on all project activities. Communicate to Project Manager status of clinical/business related tasks and activities. Requirements: Requires Bachelor's degree or Current RN/LPN License. Equivalent Work Experience Will Be Taken Into Consideration. Minimum of 4-7 yrs related work experience. Job Location : New York, New York, United States Employee Status : Contractor Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 03 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.