Description _Investigator! Inspector! Examiner!_ _The Department of Licensing has an opportunity for a strong, experienced professional Investigator who is interested in providing support to the section by conducting complex investigations and ensuring public safety related and welfare in all areas we license and to protect the citizens of the state through timely, in-depth and complex investigations of consumer complaints and while assisting with the day-to-day operations of a busy unit!_ _Our ideal candidate will be able to successfully work in a fast-paced environment, be self-motivated,_ _maintain quality control_ _, work well independently, and with a team. We seek someone who possesses superior communication, time management, verbal and written skills and who is exceptionally detail oriented_ _and collaborative individual who enjoys working with laws, rules and policies in a regulatory environment_ _and has the ability to deliver detailed, thorough reports for each site visit conducted._ This is an in-training position. The successful candidate will be hired at the Investigator 1, 2 or 3 level depending on qualifications. The salary range for Investigator-1 is $2,972–3,871/month (range 41), Investigator-2, salary range $3,592– 4,715/month (range 49) and Investigator-3, salary is $4,378–5,745/month (range 57) .Those hired at the lower levels level will receive an associated training plan to reach the permanent position, which may vary in duration. The successful candidate will receive a formal training plan upon appointment. What our Investigator 3 does: _Reporting to the_ _Program Manager_ _within the_ _Regulatory Boards Section (RBS)_ _in the_ _Business Profession Division,_ This position will: Investigator 3 acts as the expert analyst of each complex investigation conducted with the Department of Licensing to ensure that who, what, when, why, where and how are consistent and appropriately determined within each program's jurisdiction and other boundaries. Investigator 3 is responsible for working with 6 different Regulatory Boards: Architects, Engineers/Land Surveyors/On-site Designers, Geologists, Landscape Architects, Collection Agencies, Funeral & Cemetery that are the regulatory authority for their associated programs; and requires knowledge of the different statutes for 9 different regulatory programs. Investigator 3 is responsible for creating complete files for the Regulatory Boards to proceed to take disciplinary actions, and provides critical testimony in administrative legal proceedings. Independently and autonomously manage all aspects of an investigation, including planning, conducting interviews, and writing reports, apply knowledge of the applicable statutes, industry practices and professional standards as a basis for conducting relevant fact-gathering and preparing the file for reviewing board member approval. Use excellent written and oral communication skills conducting all phases of investigatory activities and be knowledgeable of all the Revised Codes of Washington (RCWs) / Washington Administrative Codes (WACs) relating to each of the 6 Regulatory Boards and be able to apply the correct statute to each case. Research, analyze, organize and evaluate information from multiple sources to develop a comprehensive investigative report and act as a liaison between the program and each different board on investigative issues. Utilize a full range of investigative skills and techniques, including, but not limited to planning, researching, writing, interviewing, gathering sufficient evidence to determine the facts of a case. Access and utilize computer software programs, applications, cameras, scanners, and other technology as needed in conducting complex investigations. Provide assistance to Investigations & the Compliance Manager through alternative dispute resolution techniques to resolve cases (remedial counseling) and technical expertise is needed for this position to evaluate subject matter, cross disciplinary/profession issues, multiple jurisdictions, and political sensitivity. Determine the type of investigation information needed for the disciplinary authority, identify possible violations to case manager and the scope of these investigations include unlicensed practice, unprofessional conduct, fraud (can include criminal.) Provide technical assistance and, where applicable, support through preventative enforcement to licensees, applicants and consumers on rules, laws and procedures regulated by the Regulatory Boards Section. Interact with internal and external customers, including, but not limited to, business owners and licensees, customers, Licensees of Professional Engineers, Land Surveyors, On-site Septic System Designers, Architects, Geologists, Landscape Architects, Funeral & Cemetery Industry, Collection Agencies, Board Members, government entities, cities, counties, and the general public. Required Qualifications _Applicants who possess the following qualifications may be referred to the hiring manager._ Three years or more experience in investigating personal backgrounds, unfair and deceptive business practices, insurance casualty claims, or directly allied fields. To include planning, conducting investigative interviews, organizing investigative files and writing reports. Also experience in a regulatory environment applying governmental laws, rules and regulations and initiate actions in a way that the public perceive as fair, objective and reasonable. OR Associate or two years college level course work with emphasis in law or one of the criminal justice disciplines or directly allied field may be substituted for the required experience for all but one year of the required investigative experience. Three years of experience using computer software to create, format, and edit documents and to create, modify, print, and format spreadsheets, find and replace data, and work with basic formulas and functions. Three years of experience providing customer service and technical advice to customers by interpreting laws, regulations and standards. Preferred Qualifications _Applicants who also possess the following may receive additional consideration by the hiring manager:_ Experience working with Regulatory Boards Working Conditions: Ability to work a flexible schedule and adjust daily work hours as needed. Ability to work beyond 40 hours as required, including some evening and weekend work. Ability to travel statewide including overnight travel using a state or personal vehicle. Work in an office setting and outdoors. Why work at DOL? We impact more citizens directly than any other state agency and have a strong mission, vision, values, goals and agency culture. We are focused on our commitment to great service, advancing public safety and consumer protection through licensing, regulation and education and collecting revenue that supports our state's transportation system. We are a diverse organization that values integrity, inclusion, respect, results and service excellence. And we have a positive agency culture where employees are engaged, empowered, and appreciated. Find out what our own employees have to say about DOL's Culture and Diversity ! We also value wellness and promote a family-friendly culture where a healthy work life balance is supported. And, in addition to our State's excellent benefits package, we offer an outstanding tuition assistance program! Union Inclusion This position is included in a bargaining unit represented by the Washington Federation of State Employees (WFSE). For membership questions, contact the local Union Representative. How to Apply To apply and be considered for this position, complete the three required steps below. Only applicants who demonstrate they are able to follow directions and submit a complete application packet will be considered. This includes attaching all required documents. Step 1: Select the large Apply button at the top of this job announcement. If you haven't already done so, you will need to create an applicant profile. Step 2: Ensure the work history section of your applicant profile is current and thorough, clearly stating how you meet the qualifications and competencies above. Step 3: Upload and attach the following documents to your applicant profile: 1. Letter of interest, 2. Current resume, and 3. a list of three professional references including name, title and current contact information (additional references are accepted). You are welcome to include the name and pronoun you would like to be referred to in your materials and we will honor this as you interact with our award- winning diverse and inclusive organization. If you have any questions or need assistance completing the application process, contact the recruiter listed below prior to when this job posting closes AND before you submit your application. Special Notice To take advantage of veteran's preference, please do the following: Email a copy of your DD214 (Member 4 copy), NGB 22 or USDVA signed verification of service letter to HRRecruit@dol.wa.gov Use a subject line of " VET for Investigator 3 -RBS 18-210" Include your name as it appears on your application in careers.wa.gov Prior to a new hire, a background check including criminal record history will be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment but will be considered in determining the applicant's suitability and competence to perform in the position. The candidate pool certified from this recruitment may be used to fill future similar vacancies for up to six months. The Washington State Department of Licensing is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, sex (including gender identity), marital status, sexual orientation, race, creed, color, national origin, honorably discharged veteran or military status, or the presence of any sensory, mental, or physical disability or the use of a trained dog guide or service animal by a person with a disability. Persons requiring accommodation in the application process, during the recruitment process, or who need this job announcement in an alternative format, may contact the Human Resources Office at 360-902-4000 or may email HRRecruit@dol.wa.gov. Applicants who are deaf or hard of hearing may call our ASL interpreter via Video Phone at 360.339.7344. Contact Us: For inquiries about this position, please contact at 360-902-4061 or email HRRecruit@DOL.WA.GOV . Please reference recruitment number 18-210