Qualifications Master's degree in quantitative field like Computer Science, Engineering or related field required, with significant focus on deep learning; Ph.D. is a strong plus 2+ years experience in Python and/or Java; additional knowledge of other programming languages (C++, R, etc.) 2+ years professional or academic experience with common deep networks including convolutional networks, recurrent networks and autoencoders Experience in working with large datasets and relational databases (SQL) Experience with deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow, Caffe, Torch, Theano; projects on computer vision are a strong plus Experience with computer vision techniques and libraries (OpenCV) Experience with sourcing datasets for different use cases Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively 50% travel required Who You'll Work With You’ll work with our Analytics group in Waltham, Massachusetts at our Knowledge Center. As a member of this team, you’ll work with McKinsey consulting teams to build deep network models, creating a foundation for sound recommendations for client studies and internal projects. What You'll Do You will analyze and evaluate data and build deep networks to detect or predict features, while effectively balancing quality, availability, timeliness and cost factors. Leveraging your advanced data analysis skills, you will create innovative approaches to answer our clients’ most relevant questions. You will apply cutting-edge deep networks to an enormous variety of problems across several industries. You will work with consultants, clients and internal teams to prepare complex data analyses and models that help solve client problems and deliver significant measurable impact. Your work will be project-oriented and you will often be responsible for the entire analytical process – from outlining the type of solution through implementation, interpretation of results and transferring capabilities to the client or colleagues. You will constructively discuss your findings in dialog with consultants and clients while always looking for the best solution. Working on projects and exchanging experiences with your colleagues means you will face new intellectual challenges on a daily basis, while continuously building your methodological knowledge and skills.