Tempo is looking for a hard-working and eager to learn Full Stack Engineer to join our Software team! ENGINEERING TEAM AND PROCESSES Structure: our team is small, which means every team member is given a lot of responsibility and flexibility. You'll work with VPs, factory technicians, and other engineers to spec out projects, but in the end the design and execution is up to you. Processes: we use Clubhouse to track individual project tickets and quarterly milestones, and we hold daily stand-ups to make sure everyone on the team stays in sync. We also have a weekly chalk talk where a team member talks about something interesting! Other than that, our process is intentionally fairly lightweight :) Developer Experience: we use a custom CLI to build release candidates, tag releases, and deploy as often as we can, usually multiple times per day. Deploys run in under 2 minutes for each service, and our dependencies are consistently up-to-date. TECHNICAL CHALLENGES Providing electrical engineers with the physical equivalent of a fast and correct compiler is extremely difficult, but the payoff is enormous. If we succeed, we accelerate the development of dozens of critical industries. Instead of having hardware engineers sit on their hands for weeks waiting for prototypes, our platform enables rapid self-service that delivers a prototype in days. In working towards our vision of a seamless and transparent customer experience, we run up against all sorts of obstacles in both software and manufacturing. Here are some problems we've solved so far: CAD Parsing & Feature Extraction: extracting features from a customer's CAD file is one of the first things we have to do to provide a great customer experience, but because much of the data we extract is geometric, this process can be very computationally intense. Parsing is also difficult, since there are many different CAD programs, each typically with its own distinct file format. Automatic Quoting: our supply chain includes multiple vendors with complex pricing schemes, which makes generating detailed quotes for a given circuit board design very difficult. Solving this problem requires great UX as well, since we show customers quotes that are far more detailed (i.e. line-items at the individual component level) than any other manufacturer. Process Traceability: our factory technicians need to record what they did and when, but doing so on a paper sheet or in Trello is time-consuming and often inaccurate. We've built a tailored mobile workflow management app instead that, as a bonus, gives them context-specific information about the design while they're performing certain manufacturing steps. We take pride in facing this challenge with the same kind of deep curiosity, methodical experimentation and fast iterative learning we see in our customers, the engineers we serve. PROJECTS YOU MIGHT WORK ON Offering real-time, automated manufacturing feedback based on certain parameters of our customers' designs. Think linting for hardware. Optimizing our factory processes with machine learning and scheduling algorithms. Encoding the three-dimensional structure of each component (i.e. resistors, capacitors) that we place on customers' boards, in order to ensure minimal manufacturing defects. Automated optical inspection faster than anyone in the industry. Who will you work with? George, Senior Director of Software. George is a meat enthusiast with a soft spot for spring weather. Formerly from both New York and Reddit, he enjoys playing Pokémon, cheering on the Giants and reading science fiction novels. Sometimes, all at once. Sean, Senior Software Engineer. Sean has been working at Tempo since January 2017. He likes listening to Ratatat and telling everyone around him to read the Three Body Problem trilogy. On weekends you can find him rooting for the Eagles or pretending to understand how to lift weights without hurting his back. Anton, Senior Software Engineer. Originally from Moscow, Russia. Hates making decisions. Loves Arch Linux. Brett, Software Engineer. Self-proclaimed lover of the color purple. Clinically diagnosed as colorblind. Vasily, Senior Software Engineer. Vasily hails from Russia and made his way to San Francisco, a place that “lacks real winter”, in 2017. He is a whiskey sour enthusiast who spends a large chunk of his time self-reflecting and avoiding competitive sports. See Vasily for all your borscht needs. Must Have: 1+ year(s) experience with Python 1+ year(s) experience with JS frameworks (we use React) Experience managing cloud infrastructure (we use AWS) Experience writing web applications that communicate with third-party APIs Experience with relational databases (we use Postgres) Bonus: experience with any of our other tech! Upcoming Challenges: Offering real-time, automated manufacturing feedback based on certain parameters of our customers' designs. Think linting for hardware. Optimizing our factory processes with statistics and scheduling algorithms. Encoding the three-dimensional structure of each component (i.e. resistors, capacitors) that we place on customers' boards, to ensure minimal manufacturing defects. Automated optical inspection faster than anyone in the industry. Benefits Unlimited vacation – We understand the importance of disconnecting and trust you to manage your time and get your work done. We offer salaried employees an open vacation policy. Exceptional benefits package – We value healthy and happy employees. We offer a 401(k) and cover 100% of the premium for our competitive base health, dental, and vision package. Parental Leave- We know you need time to welcome and celebrate each new addition to your family. We offer paid paternal leave to make this possible. Flexible stock options – We view options as real compensation, not a ball and chain. We allow employees who leave after two years of service to exercise their options for up to 7 years. Weekly lunches and office snacks – We know nothing says thank you like free food. We offer a stocked snack drawer and free company-wide lunches to fuel the journey. San Francisco office location – We offer a convenient San Francisco location. Don’t live in the city? We offer commuter benefits to help. Commuter Benefits package- However you get to work, we want to help! We offer all salaried and hourly employees a range of commuter benefits to compensate for their time on the road. Transparent and social culture – We work better when we’re all on the same page. We have company-wide weekly meetings to review milestones and metrics, semi-annual off sites to discuss the broader vision, and biweekly socials.