Job Title: Administrative Assistant Classification: Non-exempt Reports To: Deputy Commissioner/Chief Operating Officer & Senior Associate Commissioner/Senior Woman Administrator Summary: The Administrative Assistant will have responsibility managing all aspects of the day-to-day calendar and acts as the gatekeeper and first-point- of-contact for the Deputy Commissioner and Senior Associate Commissioner. The Administrative Assistant will manage priorities and deadlines of both Supervisors. This position will also support the administrative functions of the sports management team and various officiating coordinators as assigned. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Oversee heavy calendaring for both the Senior Associate Commissioner/SWA and COO/Deputy Commissioner. Manage complex domestic and international travel and logistics seamlessly. Screen incoming and outgoing phone calls, responding appropriately. Manage expense reports and corporate AMEX cards for direct supervisors and Sports Management Associate Commissioners. Coordinate with internal and external executives and assistants to coordinate events, meetings and appointments. Prepare meeting materials, booklets and other documents associated with the administration of sport supervision and championships. Assist with coordination of travel for representatives of member institutions to attend championships and meetings. Process expense reimbursements. Provide administrative support to officiating coordinators as assigned by the Manager and assist with management of online officiating programs including detailed data entry, schedule review and maintenance, payment database entry and review, facilitation of contract mailing and collection. Assist with keeping databases current and monitoring changes to data, calendar or playing schedules. Assist with Football and Basketball liaison television assignments as assigned by the Associate Commissioner, Television. Provide a sense of urgency when solving problems and making sound independent decisions under pressure. Provide break and lunch back up at the reception desk as scheduled. Available to travel for meeting preparation or championship administration. Ability to work overtime as needed, evenings or weekends during times of high workload or emergency situations. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Minimum of five-years experiences as an administrative assistant serving senior management personnel or similar administrative experience. Demonstrated knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures and systems. Strong computer and typing skills. Excellent written communication and interpersonal skills. Knowledge of intercollegiate sports and Arbiter Software (or other League Administration program) preferred. Demonstrated attention to detail and proofreading ability Ability to balance workload from several supervisors Ability to work independently with limited supervision Bachelor’s or Associate’s Degree preferred. Competency: To perform this job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies: Analytical - Synthesizes complex information; uses intuition and experience to complement data. Problem Solving - Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; gathers and analyzes information skillfully; develops alternative solutions; works well in group problem solving situations; uses reason even when dealing with emotional topics. Technical Skills – Top notch computer literacy; strives to continuously build knowledge and skills. Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; ability to follow oral and written instructions. Written Communication - Writes clearly and concisely; grammar perfectionist. Ethics - Treats people with respect; keeps commitments; works with integrity and honesty; upholds organizational values. Innovation - Displays original thinking and creativity; meets challenges with resourcefulness. Professionalism - Reacts well under pressure; follows through on commitments and makes sound and thoughtful business decisions. Application Process: This position will be posted and open through August 15, 2018. Please apply through Teamworkonline.com. Please also include a cover letter stating your professional goals and how they relate to the Administrative Assistant opportunity. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.