Job Code 403134 Coordinator I Duties & Responsibilities The Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society at Harvard University seeks a Project Coordinator to perform diverse activities associated with our work on artificial intelligence, autonomous systems, and related technologies (with a particular focus on community engagement and education / translational research). They will join the Berkman Klein Center’s world-class community of scholars and digital architects, and work in close collaboration with Berkman Klein faculty, staff, and fellows to advance a range of interdisciplinary, cutting-edge research related to the study and development of Internet & society. Working alongside the Center’s growing team of project managers and project coordinators, the Project Coordinator will be tasked with: integrating the efforts of multiple team members, including editing written materials to establish common voice; coordinating research activities; communicating with external partners; monitoring overall timelines and outputs including project and grant deliverables, events, and grant reports; and doing research and writing, including outputs such as blog posts, grant proposals, memos, newsletters, and reports. Additionally, the Coordinator will interface with the administrative and communications teams on relevant aspects of the projects; help to organize events; maintain online project management tools; and oversee web presence. The Project Coordinator will help to guide the work of interns and research assistants. Based on the fast-paced and changing needs of the Center, the project coordinator may be called upon for other tasks at short notice. Occasional evening and weekend work will be required. Travel opportunities may arise. The right candidate will thrive in a committed, collaborative, and tight-knit community that encourages creativity, supports deep inquiry, values novel approaches to solving problems, strives for transparency, continually builds upon best-practices and lessons learned, and supports its community members’ independent and collective goals. As with all Berkman Klein appointments, this is a June 30, 2019 term-limited position; continuation anticipated but contingent upon funding and business needs. Basic Qualifications Minimum 3 years of related work experience. Post-secondary education may count toward experience. Additional Qualifications Bachelor’s degree preferred. Advanced degree in fields such as social science, media studies, communications, data science, library and information science, anthropology (ethnography), or law is helpful. Solid writing, editing and proofreading skills, along with strong written and oral communications skills. The flexibility to work independently and also within teams is critical. Knowledge of current Internet issues. Experience doing substantive and organizational work for non-governmental or academic organizations strongly preferred. Prior research on Internet related issues is preferred. Progressive research skills required, including proficient knowledge of research tools, both Internet- and non-Internet based. Candidate must pay great attention to detail and be highly organized. Ability to work under tight deadlines a must. Solid writing, editing and proofreading skills required. Fluency in Internet research and publishing tools are highly desirable. Candidate would thrive in dynamic, entrepreneurial, self-motivated environment. Additional Information Organization: The Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society at Harvard University is dedicated to exploring, understanding, and shaping the development of the digitally-networked environment. A diverse, interdisciplinary community of scholars, practitioners, technologists, policy experts, and advocates, we seek to tackle the most important challenges of the digital age while keeping a focus on tangible real-world impact in the public interest. Our faculty, fellows, staff and affiliates conduct research, build tools and platforms, educate others, form bridges and facilitate dialogue across and among diverse communities. More information at www.cyber.harvard.edu. Commitment to Diversity: The work and well-being of the Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society are profoundly strengthened by the diversity of our network and our differences in background, culture, experience, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, race, ethnicity, age, ability, and much more. We actively seek and welcome people of color, women, the LGBTQIA+ community, persons with disabilities, and people at intersections of these identities, from across the spectrum of disciplines and methods. This is a term appointment currently expected to extend to 6/30/2019, continuation anticipated subject to funding and departmental need. All offers to be made by HLS Human Resources. Job Function General Administration Sub-Unit \- Location USA - MA - Cambridge Department Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society Time Status Full-time Union 55 - Hvd Union Cler & Tech Workers Salary Grade 054 Appointment End Date 30-Jun-2019 Pre-Employment Screening Education, Identity Schedule 35h per week; M-F 9-5 EEO Statement We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.