Job Description Ford was built on the belief that freedom of movement drives human progress. As we look to the future and the changing needs of society, we are committed to becoming the world's most trusted mobility company - delivering smart vehicles for a smart world. Our people and their experiences are critical to making that happen, and that's where we come in. We drive the human side of Ford - fostering a winning culture that empowers people from diverse backgrounds to work together and realize the otherwise impossible. We create value through people by being change leaders, talent strategists, employee advocates and cultural architects. Simply put, we are trust partners - experts in all thing people. Ford's Talent Analytics team uses data and insights to improve decision-making about people. As a member of this team, you will leverage scientific research, best practices and internal data to drive talent initiatives that are typically global, enterprise-wide and transformational in nature. Responsibilities: Understand business issues and develop analytical approaches to solve them Review and synthesize published research Obtain bench marking information from other companies Analyze existing data from internal and/or external sources Collect new data through focus groups, surveys, experiments, etc. Summarize, present and report on findings and insights Design valid and fair selection tools for hiring, promotion and development Develop training resources Qualifications and Experience: _Minimum:_ Pursuing a master's degree in Industrial/Organizational Psychology Graduate level GPA of 3.2 or higher on a 4.0 scale Less than 3 years of relevant work experience _Preferred:_ Natural curiosity to solve problems in creative ways Ability to communicate complex ideas/findings clearly and concisely Interest in emerging methods like natural language processing and machine learning Knowledge of best practices and research on measurement and/or survey design Familiarity with designing and building data dashboards Experience in developing and validating selection instruments Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.