Job Location USA-TX-HOUSTON Position Type Full-Time DESCRIPTION At QRI, we are crafting high-end visualization platforms and supporting databases for each of our patented products. Our fast-paced programming environment is exciting and well integrated, as we work closely with industry experts to deliver meaningful content using the most cutting edge technology the CS world has to offer. We are in need of a Data Engineer to join our team, as we frequently require complex data transforms, database migration efforts, and cloud architecture solutions. You should be very comfortable building data processing pipelines, both as standalone systems and as an integrated piece of existing structures. Additionally, the following responsibilities are required: Fluent with data model design, optimization, and implementation Master of designing APIs for efficient data consumption Adapt at determining opportunities for new data acquisition. This could be from a public data source (e.g., web scraping) or from an existing private database with an inflexible design. Analyze and report on how our data is being used, to identify further improvement opportunities Performance tuning and optimization of existing data systems Comfortable maintaining a data warehouse Develop and manage a job scheduler Collaborate with IT team members, development team, and data analysts on projects QUALIFICATIONS BSc (MSs recommended) with GPA >= 3.5 in Computer Science or related fields. Skilled and creative team player also able to work independently in a complex and dynamic environment. Be prepared with a demo of recent project work. Considerable experience in the development languages below TECHNOLOGIES WE LOVE: MySQL, Microsoft SQL, MongoDB, Node, API design (REST or sockets), Python, AWS, Spark, Hadoop, Casandra, JavaScript, R, MATLAB Recommended: share your GitHub profile with us! WHAT WE VALUE: You're excited to work with others in complex and dynamic systems environments. You have a constant desire to grow and develop, to learn the cutting edge of new technology. You thrive in a fast-paced environment. You care about great design, in your code and technical architecture. You are comfortable with both large-scale and iterative development styles. You enjoy working with others, but are also an independent programmer.