Ten-X is the world’s leading online real estate marketplace having sold more than $55+ billion in residential and commercial assets. Our online transaction platform provided by Ten-X’s ground-breaking technology, positions the company at the forefront of disrupting the trillion-dollar real-estate industry. By upholding customer-centric and people-centric values, the company’s legacy continues to be propelled by empowering its customers with the confidence to buy and sell real estate online. Are you ready to join a company that is revolutionizing an industry? Cloud Architect -- Ten-X Commercial Ten-X is the world’s leading online real estate marketplace having sold more than $55+ billion in residential and commercial assets. Our online transaction platform provided by Ten-X’s ground-breaking technology, positions the company at the forefront of disrupting the trillion-dollar real-estate industry. By upholding customer-centric and people-centric values, the company’s legacy continues to be propelled by empowering its customers with the confidence to buy and sell real estate online. Are you ready to join a company that is revolutionizing an industry? As a Cloud Architect, you will architect, design, facilitate, lead and direct cloud initiatives on multiple fronts. This includes, but not limited to, designing and optimizing cloud infrastructure and services, a strong application security background, demonstrated success leading and providing guidance to teams, and ability to share experience based vision and direction. You will have broad architectural knowledge of Ten-X micro services platform and insane depth in application stack. You will be responsible for not only end-to-end vision of Ten-X cloud environment, but also realizing the goals. Responsibilities: Participate in architecture definition for Cloud Initiatives utilizing industry best practices and technologies Lead and participate in designing and coming up with options to meet business and technical requirements Provide hands-on designs, prototypes, and implementations incorporating architecture & software engineering best practices Analyze and implement current industry technology trends, best practices and patterns for Cloud Development Evaluate tools, technologies and POCs related to Cloud technologies/solutions Participate in an Agile & Scrum methodology process Articulate and present design/architectural road maps to leadership Qualifications: Experience with container management platforms (Mesos, Swarm, and Kubernetes) and container runtimes (Docker). Experience in architecture with at least one Cloud Platform including: (AWS, Azure, Google, OSE, VMWare, OpenStack) Experience with addressing performance issues across the whole stack from the applications to operating system. Expert understanding of cloud fundamental design patterns Experience building business critical large scale system with availability and scalability. Solid understanding of the Software as a Service (SaaS) and Platform as a Service (PaaS) models. Understanding and experience with agile software development and DevOps methodologies. Demonstrated work history with cloud architecture, design and implementation Understanding of industry best practices and patterns for cloud services, automation and integration Ability to work independently and willingness to learn new technologies and methodologies Nice-to-have experience: Successful track record of delivering quality results in complex cross-functional projects. Experience with large-scale distributed systems, service oriented architectures and microservices Java and object-oriented development experience. Have built scale-able cloud native applications and migrated legacy apps