Overview Who we are: Meridian Health Plan is a family-owned, family-operated company of passionate leaders, achievers, and innovators dedicated to making a difference in the lives of our members, our providers and in the healthcare industry. We provide government-based health plans (Medicare, Medicaid, and the Health Insurance Marketplace) in five different states (Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, and Ohio). Our employees work hard, play hard, and give back. Meridian employees enjoy: Happy hours, special events, company sports teams, potlucks, Bagel Fridays, weekly Executive Lunches, and volunteer opportunities. A Day in the Life of a Data Architect: This role will work on a team that will meet with Business Analysts, Business Subject Matter Experts (SMEs), system owners, and end users to understand existing business processes, future goals, and requirements. Works with and supports Data Architects to model data as a Business Information Model (BIM or logical model), eventually creating physical models to instantiate as database tables. This position is responsible for developing healthcare subject matter expertise in order to better understand the business. Building an understanding of the correct business rules is essential to assuring that only quality data enters the databases. The Data Architect will learn to understand the big picture of how all of the data subject areas are related and affect one another. He/she will develop skills necessary to master ER/Studio, data modeling techniques, and best practices. Responsibilities Develops and delivers standard data model artifacts for new systems and enhancements to existing systems. Participates in data model design and review processes Responds to change and engages in multiple projects simultaneously Works with guidance from Data Architects Qualifications Education: Bachelor's degree in a related field is required Experience: 1+ years of experience as an IT professional 1+ years serving in a Data Architect role 1+ years utilizing data modeling tools (ERwin, ER/Studio, PowerDesigner, etc), or strong aptitude to learn 1+ years creating conceptual, logical and physical data models Prior business experience in a complex, highly integrated services environment Knowledge: Familiarity with health plans or PBMs. Familiarity with the regulatory environment affecting data in a Health Care Services environment is a plus (e.g., HIPAA 5010) Familiarity with relational database design principles Familiarity with Agile methodology SQL Excellent written and oral communication skills Proficiency in MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Access, Visio) Strong consultative and presentation skills Assertive (yet diplomatic) personality and the ability to handle change Candidates need to work well in extended project teams What Meridian can offer YOU: Our healthcare benefits include a variety of PPO plans that are effective on the first day of employment for our new full-time team members Meridian offers 401k matching that is above the national average Opportunities for growth are abundant; full-time MHP employees are eligible for tuition reimbursement and all employees have access to a variety of training through Meridian University Meridian Health Plan was named Detroit's 1 Fastest Growing Company by Crain's Magazine, so it is a great time to get involved with Meridian EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER MNSTR