Known for being a great place to work and build a career, KPMG provides audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today's most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It's also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it's no wonder we're consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you're as passionate about your future as we are, join our team. KPMG is currently seeking a Big Data Engineer to join our Advanced Analytics Organization. Responsibilities: Facilitate the establishment of a secure big data analytics warehouse and an environment Deliver solutions that fulfill the Business information needs and align with the information vision and strategy Develop and document data models to facilitate data analytics and solution development Develop ETL flows to obtain maximum value of the data assets and to facilitate the easy usage of the data assets Help establish and maintain the data governance processes and mechanisms for Data Lake and EDW Understand various data security standards and use secure data governance tools to apply and adhere to the required controls on a per data set basis Qualifications: Minimum of four years of data modeling & architecting experience, end-to-end development life-cycle support and SDLC processes; three years of experience in building Big Data Lake, DWH, Analytics with Hadoop, Hive, Hbase, MapReduce, Tez & Spark Bachelor's degree or higher in computer science or relevant field from an accredited college or university Experience with operating and troubleshooting within an Azure Cloud Environment Established experience of designing and building analytical data warehouses including using ETL and other data wrangling tools Demonstrated understanding of enterprise data warehouse, big data, cloud, BI & analytics, content management, and data management Experience with enterprise data warehouses, cloud data warehouses, Big Data environments, and RDBMSs KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex/gender, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, physical or mental handicap unrelated to ability, pregnancy, veteran status, unfavorable discharge from military service, genetic information, personal appearance, family responsibility, matriculation or political affiliation, status with regard to public assistance, or other legally protected status. KPMG maintains a drug-free workplace. KPMG will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state or federal law (including San Francisco Ordinance number 131192). No phone calls or agencies please.