Under the direct supervision of the Public Health Region (PHR) 6/5 South HIV/STD Program Manager, performs complex (journey-level) consultative services and technical assistance work for the HIV/STD program in PHR 6/5 South. Monitors and coordinates the daily assignments and tasks of the HIV/STD surveillance staff. Develops, coordinates, and conducts quality assurance activates to ensure compliance with surveillance requirements. Conducts surveillance activities including reviewing and investigating labs and disease reports, conducting medical record review and chart abstractions, and completing HIV/AIDS case report forms. Serves as liaison to staff, government agencies, health care providers, and laboratories. Assists program manager with preparation of materials and reports. Works under general supervision, with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Essential Job Functions: 25% Oversees and coordinates daily activities of HIV/AIDS and STD surveillance specialists. Monitors, reviews, and evaluates compliance with program policies and procedures. Provides guidance and feedback to staff. Promotes achievement of program objectives and goals. Collaborates with surveillance and public health follow up staff in determining trends and resolving technical problems. Trains surveillance staff and collaborates with program manager in staff development. 25% Performs complex, comprehensive technical activities such as medical record review, interpretation of laboratory results, case abstraction and HIV/AIDS case determination for reporting purposes. Reviews, analyzes, and investigates incoming HIV/AIDS and STD lab results and disease reports. Assigns cases for public health follow up. Completes Adult Case Report Forms and enters data in state data management and reporting system. May serve as a back-up for the Interstate Communication Control Record (ICCR) Clerk regarding interjurisdictional communications and assignments. Maintain confidentiality. 20% Develops and implements complex quality assurance procedures for the program. Studies and analyzes operations and problems, prepares reports of findings and recommendations, and prepares justification for procedural changes. Recommends and coordinates activities to produce a more effective program. Uses data management systems to review data and create reports. 20% Serves as a liaison to staff, government agencies, community organizations, health care providers, and laboratories in the region to explain and provide technical assistance on HIV/STD surveillance/reporting requirements and HIV/STD testing technology, laboratory results, and algorithms. Develops and provides materials and presentations for purposes of educating and training health care providers and laboratories. Represents program in meetings with local agencies and organizations. 5% Assists the program manager in the collection, organization, analysis, and/or preparation of materials in response to requests for program information and reports. Prepares comprehensive reviews of literature, statutes, rules, and/or policies and prepares administrative reports, studies, and specialized research projects. Assists the program manager with preparing for and participating in program site reviews. 5% Performs other duties as assigned. Participates in special or supplemental projects for the program. Actively participates and/or serves in a supporting role to meet the agency's obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternate shift pattern assignment and/or location. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Knowledge of HIV/AIDS and sexually transmitted diseases (transmission, signs, symptoms, treatment, and prevention methods). Knowledge of federal, state, and local public health laws and regulations regarding HIV/STD testing, reporting, and confidentiality. Knowledge of HIV and STD testing technology. Knowledge of medical terminology, medical chart organization, and health record coding. Knowledge of communicable disease surveillance and epidemiology. Skilled in coaching and mentoring others. Skilled in building and maintaining professional relations. Skilled in preparing written reports. Skilled in conducting medical chart abstractions. Skilled in conducting professional presentations. Skilled in the use of computers and applicable software (ex. Microsoft products including Word, Access, Outlook and Excel) Skilled in data collection and retrieval methods, database management principles, and quality assurance principles and methods. Ability to assign and monitor work of others. Ability to collect, analyze and evaluate data. Ability to monitor achievement of program goals and measure outcomes. Ability to prepare effective written correspondence and reports. Ability to maintain confidentiality. Ability to work effectively in a team setting. Ability to deal tactfully with the public. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Must possess a valid Class C Texas drivers license, or equivalent from another state, reflecting an acceptable driving record. Initial Selection Criteria: Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major course work in epidemiology, public health, or other related field. Full-time work experience in disease investigation, data collection, and/or reporting. Additional Information: 1\. Position may require up to 20% travel, most of which occurs in the region during the work day. Evening, weekend, or overnight travel may be occasionally required as well. 2. Compliance with DSHS Immunization Policy is required: serologic evidence of immunity to, or documented evidence of vaccination against measles, mumps, rubella, varicella (chickenpox), Tdap, annual vaccination against influenza and hepatitis B if applicable. 3. DSHS is a tobacco free workplace. 4. I-9 documentation must be provided on the first day of employment. 5. There may be no military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. 6. Employee must provide proof of current automobile insurance. Req 390328 MOS Code: There are no direct military occupation(s) that relate to the responsibilities, and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if they meet the qualifications for this position. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.