Comcast's Technology & Product organization works at the intersection of media and technology. Our innovative teams are continually developing and delivering products that transform the customer experience. From creating apps like TVGo to new features such as the Talking Guide on the X1 platform, we work every day to make a positive impact through innovation in the pursuit of building amazing products that are enjoyable, easy to use and accessible across all platforms. The team also develops and supports our evolving network architecture, including next-generation consumer systems and technologies, infrastructure and engineering, network integration and management tools, and technical standards. Job Description: Comcast Business Services is hiring an Architect to help drive growth and innovation across our sales space. Join the team helping to support the build out of new technologies on our latest billing and software platforms.Job Summary: This role will help guide multiple teams developing interfaces across all of our customer segments providing consistency and thought leadership. This Senior Architect is ultimately responsible for promoting the use of industry and Company technology standards as well ensuring successful integration between our SaaS and custom development platforms. Monitors emerging technologies and technology practices for potential use within the Company. Designs and develops updated solutions in support of one or more business processes. Helps to ensure a balance between tactical and strategic technology solutions. Considers business problems end- to-end: including people, process, and technology, both within and outside the enterprise, as part of any design solution. Mentors, reviews codes and verifies best practices and that coding and architectural guidelines are adhered to. Identifies and drives issues through closure. Integrates knowledge of business and functional priorities. Acts as a key contributor in a complex and crucial environment.Core Responsibilities: -Build strategic partnerships with leaders in other technology domains as well as business partners-Ensures programs are designed, developed, and implemented across the enterprise to meet business needs. Interfaces with the enterprise architecture team and other functional areas to ensure that most efficient solution is designed to meet business needs.-Ensures solutions are well engineered, operable and maintainable.-Tracks and documents requirements for platform/ecosystem projects and enhancements.-Monitors current and future trends, technology and information that will positively affect organizational projects; applies and integrates emerging technological trends to new and existing systems architecture.-Evaluate new technologies and patterns that help to enhance the user experience, increase the speed of delivery or improve quality of implementations.-Collaborates on solutions with senior technical leaders.-Plans and designs new or upgraded systems. Interacts with departments to implement improvements in process.-Develops solution architecture (both tactical and strategic) to fully support enterprise needs.-Assist the development team to continually optimize CI/CD tooling and improve process that increases speed to market of deliverables without compromising quality.-Mentors team members in relevant technologies and implementation architecture.-Collaborate with developers and architects to ensure features and customizations are architected and built in adherence to best practices.-Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance.-Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work nights and weekends, variable schedule(s) as necessary.-Supports the full SDLC, including development, testing, code promotion and warranty support for the product in production.-Ensures all engineers keep current with technological developments within the industry. Monitors and evaluates competitive applications and products.-Promote a DevOps culture-where the team is expected and empowered to own each aspect of the development, promotion and operation of their code.-Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.Job Specification: -BA/BS or Associate degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, MIS or related field.-Experienced in delivering software managed in source control with CI / CD tooling.-Solid understanding of Web Applications, SOA technologies, testing tools and ability to author interface specifications.Desirable Skills / Experience: -Public cloud solution experience-5-7 year's system architecture experience-Experience working in eCommerce, B2B sales or related sales' space Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer