Job Description The Cloud Native Architect will play a key role in architecting Ford's API ecosystem - customer facing and internal. This includes focusing on the strategy, planning, organization, prototyping and demoing of API catalog and taxonomy to facilitate the burgeoning mobility space and the once-in-a-career opportunity to help automate the Ford's brand new data centers, a true greenfield opportunity. Responsibilities: Ability to assist in leading a cross-functional, multi-level (management and skill) team towards a comprehensive enterprise-wide vision of APIs at Ford Motor Company. Provide expertise in APIs from an architecture and developer's point of view - discovery, exposure, consumption, securing, testing and management - for the entire stack from infrastructure to consumer facing applications. Capability to develop, prototype, and demo APIs , API Catalogs, etc., for cloud architectures both on- and off-prem. Evangelize Agile, devops and CI/CD to all levels of management, peers and other internal organizations especially to those who aren't used to those concepts. Basic Qualifications: 3+ years of working experience in cloud native architectures and cloud native development experience, specifically with REST API discovery, exposure, consumption, security, testing and management. 3+ years of working experience in a Microservices or PaaS development experience, specifically on PCF. 3+ years of working experience in Dev/Ops technologies, like GitHub, Jenkins, Chef, Puppet, etc., in a cloud native environment. 1+ years of working experience in application architecture within the SpringBoot framework. Bachelor's Degree Preferred Qualifications: Full stack development experience, especially including infrastructure provisioning experience especially using vRO/A. Working experience with API management/cataloging tools such as IBM APIC, MS APIM, Apigee, etc. Master's Degree in Computer Science. The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team, you discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.