With over 100 million mailboxes and the fastest growing cloud service in the industry, Office 365 represents the world’s largest store of human behavioral and network data about work and contains tremendous potential to inform and increase organizational productivity around the world. We have pioneered the translation of email, calendar and other enterprise signals into anonymous, aggregated, predictive data about what people do and why it matters. This is an opportunity to join this team and become an expert on behavior and productivity in the enterprise. Who we are: We have a startup culture - dreaming big, working hands-on with customers and daring to build something that has never been built before. Our team applies cutting edge big data and analytics technology and high-end business services to empower executives, managers and individuals to better understand and focus their own time and their team’s time around their important priorities. Responsibilities What we work on: This team works on a new family of people analytics products in Microsoft: Workplace Analytics leverages Office 365 collaboration data to deliver powerful new insights for enterprise productivity. It helps business leaders understand collaboration patterns across organizations that influence productivity and employee engagement. Learn more about our product: https://products.office.com/en-us/business/workplace-analytics My Analytics analyzes how you spend your time at work, then suggests way to work smarter, from cutting unproductive meeting time to getting better work/life balance. Learn more about our product: https://products.office.com/en- us/business/myanalytics-personal-analytics Who we are looking for and what you will do: Strong, highly motivated full stack engineers with a passion to learn, can do attitude and excited to enable the best possible experiences to our customers. You will be working on designing and building efficient back end compute, middle tier infrastructure and web based data visualizations across a range of form factor surfaces. You should be comfortable dealing with ambiguity and a shifting landscape. Experience with Azure or other cloud services is a plus. You should be passionate about iterating fast, learning from customers and getting the right design for our customers. Qualifications Basic Qualifications: 2+ years of hands-on software design and coding experience. Understand efficient data structures, object oriented programming, familiar with algorithms and have a track record of shipping software based services. Preferred Qualifications: Experience in Web technologies: React, CSS, Typescript, Flux, etc. Proven ability to instrument, profile, debug, and optimize code and resolve complex issues with distributed systems across multiple layers. Enjoy learning new technologies. Strong computer science fundamentals and proven algorithm design capability. Excellent technical, cross group collaboration and communication skills. Hands on experience in delivering web experience on a variety of form factors e.g. tablets, phones, etc. Experience working in a startup environment or v1 products DevOps Experience supporting production systems Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.