Position Summary: The MS SQL Server Database Administrator role is largely responsible for providing operational database services to the organization. Some of the primary responsibilities of this role would include owning, tracking and resolving database related incidents and requests, fulfilling requests and resolving incidents within SLAs, reviewing service related reports (i.e: database backups, maintenance, monitoring) on a daily basis to ensure service related issues are identified and resolved within established SLAs, responding to database related alerts and escalations and working with database engineering to come up with strategic solutions to recurring problems. This MS SQL Server DBA role requires a service oriented mentality, high sense of ownership of the problems and requests assigned, focus on managing and resolving issues in alignment with the SLAs, establishing and maintaining communication with technology customers to keep them updated with status of their requests, initiating and performing changes on production systems and proactively escalating any issues that cannot be resolved within the established timeframes. Position Requirements: We are looking for a candidate who: Has 8+ years of experience in database administration in MS SQL Server environments (2005 and up). Experience in troubleshooting and resolving database integrity issues, performance issues, blocking and deadlocking issues, replication issues, log shipping issues, connectivity issues, security issues etc. Experience in Performance Tuning and Optimization (PTO), using native monitoring and troubleshooting tools such as Performance Monitor and SQL Profiler. Ability to monitor and troubleshoot SQL Server related CPU,memory,I/O, disk space and other resource contention. Strong knowledge of backups, restores, recovery models, database shrink operations, DBCC commands, Clustering, Database mirroring, Replication. Knowledge of High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) options for MSSQL Server. Experience in mplementing operational automation using scripts. Strong knowledge of how indexes, index management, integrity checks, configuration, patching. How statistics work, how indexes are stored, how they can be created and managed effectively. Experience working with Windows server, including Active Directory and proper disk configurations. Good communication and documentation skills. Preferred candidates who possess the following skills: Experience in SQL Development – ability to write, troubleshoot, and optimize SQL Code and design are a plus. Knowledge with Cloud server configuration. Knowledge of 3rd-party DBA tools and applications. Certification is a plus; MCTS, MCITP, MVP What's in it for you? Competitive base salary. Excellent benefits package including: medical, dental, and vision. 401(k), vacation, and paid sick time. Flexible schedule – and many other great perks! Qualified candidates should apply right away for immediate consideration. All candidates must be available for in-person interviews. Media Services is an equal opportunity employer, and consider all qualified applicants regardless of criminal history in accordance with the City of Los Angeles' Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. Media Services will not relocate and does not sponsor visas.