Job Description: WSJ Pro, the unit of The Wall Street Journal that provides specialized news, analysis and data for professional audiences, seeks a senior editor to oversee a new product focused on one of the hottest areas of technological change: artificial intelligence. As investments in AI technologies rise dramatically in the coming years, business practices will be transformed. WSJ Pro Artificial Intelligence will serve executives who need to understand how those technologies can enable their businesses and be effectively implemented. The journalist in this position will serve as lead editor for WSJ Pro Artificial Intelligence, which will include a daily newsletter, a series of events and other exclusive content providing practical analysis of the risks and opportunities in AI. This product follows on the success of WSJ Pro Cybersecurity, which applies a similar business focus to another area of technological disruption. The WSJ Pro Artificial Intelligence deputy editor will guide coverage of AI for the new product, working closely with the rest of the WSJ Pro team and the broader WSJ newsroom. This editor will play an important role immediately in helping to launch the newsletter and plan the inaugural conference. This editor will also hire, develop and manage reporters who will be dedicated to AI coverage for WSJ Pro. We're looking for an experienced editor with a background in business or tech journalism who can edit and report with a targeted audience in mind and in a way that is both sophisticated and accessible. This editor should be able to help reporters hone their ideas and think creatively about coverage. We also expect this editor to become a known authority in the field of AI, with their own set of sources and a regular stream of stories. LI-JA1-WSJ Dow Jones , Making Careers Newsworthy All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets . Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com . Please put “Reasonable Accommodation" in the subject line. Business Area: NEWS/WSJ About Us The Wall Street Journal is a global news organization that provides leading news, information, commentary and analysis. The Wall Street Journal engages readers across print, digital, mobile, social, and video. Building on its heritage as the preeminent source of global business and financial news, the Journal includes coverage of U.S. and world news, politics, arts, culture, lifestyle, sports, and health. It holds 36 Pulitzer Prizes for outstanding journalism. The Wall Street Journal is published by Dow Jones, a division of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV). If you require assistance in completing the online application, please contact the Talent Management team for Application Help at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com Job _Req_ 13261