Job Spec: Marketing Events Producer Position Overview Beyond Limits is looking for a bright, passionate Marketing Events Producer who is resourceful, detail-oriented, with a can-do approach to problem solving. The Marketing Events Producer will be in charge of shaping, planning and executing a thriving presence at in-person events around the world, creating a positive impact for the Beyond Limits brand. The successful candidate will deliver on our vision of being a best-in- category brand by building a consistent, trusted relationship with Beyond Limits customers and prospects, including engagement with top-level executive audiences. You will bring a proven track record reflecting strong ideas and equally strong execution. You will work across internal company departments and with external stakeholders to develop plans to achieve marketing goals and produce the greatest ROI for the company. You will join a small, motivated, collaborative marketing team with very high standards where your ideas will be solicited and valued. And you will learn something new every day. With energy and the spark of new ideas, you will bring the Beyond Limits brand to life and help us raise awareness with desired audiences. Everyone in Beyond Limits marketing has the producer mindset. Producers get things done, on time and in budget. In the role of Marketing Events Producer, you will have the opportunity to produce innovative event campaigns, track results, and drive improvements to make our message hit the target and stick the landing. Responsibilities and Job Duties Responsible for planning, logistics, and budgeting for all international, national, regional, local, and virtual events. Manages program and project implementation and makes significant contributions to department goals and planning efforts Plan and maintain the master event and speaker calendar for all events. Book venues, arrange travel, lodging, and negotiate fees. Set budgets and ensure projects meet objectives. Manage vendors and suppliers. Ensure Beyond Limits event attendees and speakers are fully prepared for events. Manage A/V requirements and logistics for event, including, but not limited to electrical requirements, projectors, teleprompters, video conferencing systems, demos, etc. Analyze and report event performance metrics. Research and track competitor events. Become an expert on the target audiences and the Beyond Limits brand voice. Ensure company brand integrity throughout all events. Qualifications and Skills 6+ years’ experience in event production and management. BA/ BS degree with strong academic record or relevant combination of education and experience. Exceptional organizational skills with relentless attention to detail. Excellent communication and presentation skills. Express yourself thoughtfully, effectively, and succinctly. Able to bridge the gap between complex technology and business audiences. Travel – domestic and overseas – up to 50%. Resilience to handle a fast-paced business environment in a period of intense growth.Ability to multitask, change priorities rapidly, and work under pressure. Innate willingness to fit into a culture of teamwork and collaboration, working cross-functionally across organizations (e.g. a relationship builder, more than an order taker). Proactive mindset and ability to anticipate and troubleshoot problems at event sites. Preferred Attributes Experience as an event manager for a B2B technology company Experience in healthcare, energy production, finance or logistics segments Experience with international industry events (for example: Mobile World Congress or Consumer Electronic Show) Location: Glendale, CA About Beyond Limits Beyond Limits is a pioneering Artificial Intelligence company with a technology legacy in Space Exploration. A spinoff of NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab and Caltech, Beyond Limits provides advanced intelligence solutions that go far beyond conventional AI. Our cognitive computing technology mimics human thought processes and provides autonomous reasoning to aid human-like decision-making. Beyond Limits provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Beyond Limits complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Beyond Limits expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Beyond Limit’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.