The Manager Cloud Hosting Support Services position in the HPE Global IT organization is being created to lead the team that is overall responsible for availability and performance of the global HPE IT public and private cloud ecosystem. This technical manager position will lead the team that specializes in providing cloud solutions and ongoing operations for the Global IT organization. As the manager of this group, you will build upon our state of the art technology, and craft the processes needed by HPE to continuously operate, innovate and grow. You will play a key role in driving HPE’s Global IT hybrid cloud technology roadmap and the ongoing lifecycle support. This position will report to the Global IT Vice President of Infrastructure and Operations. Location must be Houston, Austin or Roseville, CA. Duties and Responsibilities: Lead Cloud Services team for all HPE on and off premise clouds, with high availability, superior 24x7 performance and support delivery model. Design and implement near and long term strategy ensuring private and public and on premise and off premise capacity and performance meets existing and future requirements. Supervise employee and vendor staff including hiring, training, and evaluating. Guide and provide work direction to a team of employee and contract operations and project staff IT public, private and hybrid cloud subject matter experts. Provide technical expertise in the domain of public and private cloud services in the areas of operations, project management, and serve as an escalation resource for all technical needs. Provide technical expertise and direction on the migration of servers and landscapes from traditional hosted platforms to private and public cloud landscapes. Coordinate and execute upon approval adjustments and changes that increase performance and availability. Provide enterprise architecture design, definition and coordination of standards, project management, and lead technology research. Manage all related vendor support contracts and assigned staff for hardware, software, and connectivity. Ongoing review of capacity utilization to align with budget planning. Lead annual budget and financial planning process for assigned organization to include vendor contract budget(s), cost/benefit estimates on proposed projects, and investment decisions based on return on investment, criticality, and business need. Manage project budgets to ensure business maximizes value on dollars expended on projects, systems, and vendor relationships. Prioritize and plan technology/service/support solutions within annual budgets (business-as-usual and investment). Ongoing review of on premise and public cloud capacity utilization to align with budget planning. Ensure availability and optimal performance of services through continuous assessment of IT infrastructure operations. Provide advance notification of all planned system and IT Infrastructure scope outages and set realistic expectations on availability. Work with the other IT towers and the change management team to schedule. Assess technical risk and provide timely mitigation and remediation plans. Evaluate new technology and tools and build business cases for their use. Oversees technical design documentation process for correctness and timeliness. Participate in cross functional project reviews and identify high risk areas pertaining to cloud hosting scope. Contribute to and maintain system standards including Change Management. Research and recommend possible automated approaches for administration tasks. Ensure daily system monitoring, verify integrity and availability of all cloud servers, resources, systems and key processes, and review system and application logs. Requirements: Bachelor's degree in Information Technology or related field, or an equivalent combination of experience, education, and training. 10 years of experience with broad and deep technical knowledge of design and implementation, and ongoing operations and performance management across a global footprint of virtualized lab and production landscapes. 3 years’ experience of provisioning and supporting landscapes in public cloud providers such as AWS and Azure. 5 years of management experience for outsource vendors in highly virtualized and cloud landscapes and ecosystems or closely related IT scope services. 3+ years of experience in managing the financial planning and budgeting process. A self-starter with a strong interest in technology and the ability to deal with a fast paced environment and ambiguity. Expert knowledge and practical application of public and private cloud technology in a global scope. Experience designing, building and ongoing support of cloud server and landscape computing services in a lab and production landscape. Experience migrating applications and services to public and private cloud landscapes from traditional hosted platforms. Experience with monitoring lab and production servers / instances in the AWS and Azure clouds. Experience supporting on premise cloud landscapes using containerization concepts, experience with clustering and scheduling suites such as Docker Swarm, Kubernetes, DCOS in lab and production landscapes. Strong understanding of technical troubleshooting methodology. Ability to facilitate problem solving among administrative groups with varying needs and priorities, and to communicate well with administrative users, technical staff, and senior management. Strong team building, leadership, coaching and mentoring skills. Excellent oral, written, and interpersonal communication and presentation skills across organizational boundaries. Strong customer service skills. Ability to work with a range of technical staff to develop joint solutions in project and ongoing support situations. Ability to achieve efficiencies through workflow improvement. LI-MF1 Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities. HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.