Are you a dreamer, tinkerer, creative and a disruptive thinker? Do you seek out new technologies, stay up to date on the latest research and future trends? Do you enjoy thinking at system scale and reimagining existing paradigms? If yes, we want you to be part of the Mixed Reality at Work team. We are a multi-disciplinary team creating differentiated software and hardware experiences for future devices that enable users to achieve more with Windows, especially using Mixed Reality (MR) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) as key differentiators in conceiving new and innovating experiences and solutions. Our team of talented researchers, strategists, designers, engineers, program managers and storytellers is that rare mix of audacious creativity and prudent problem solving, and deep functional insight. We are consistently striving to deliver bold, creative solutions anchored by principled research. Expect a fast-paced, fluid environment where collaboration, communication, and professionalism are key, and where we create without fear. Our team is a highly collaborative group of strategists, researchers, designers and prototypers. We value creativity, open idea sharing, and having fun while we work. Most of all, we're motivated by our customers, and we want them to love our products. In this role, you will lead concepting and storytelling with a cross disciplinary team to define new experiences and opportunities that are actionable for Microsoft services and devices. You are well versed and practiced in creative process, have excellent leadership and communication skills, understand working low-fi to hi-fi while shepherding vision and delivering experiences. You are phenomenal at maintaining a big picture view, while also being able zoom in and contribute hands-on to the small details of any concept or experience. Responsibilities Lead & Deliver successful concept milestones Transform leadership goals and key program dates into actionable achievements for the concept team Fosters innovation by leading with creative process Facilitates innovation with strong prototyping processes, tools and practices Gifted at storytelling and shipping narratives that inspire and inform the broader team as well as key partners of progress, changes and achievements Identify unaddressed issues within concept features, experiences or team areas and resolve or find the appropriate person to solve the issue with the highest level of quality Manage concept and feature priorities to ensure the products we envision and design are delivered in-scope, on time and at high quality On the floor leader and evangelist of team values and process Capable of getting hands on by contributing to differentiated research, creating prototypes, directing concept videos and crafting presentations and demos Can build, foster and maintain healthy working relationships internal to our Studio as well as external and across Microsoft to create new opportunities and collaborations for our Concept Team Qualifications 4+ years as a design professional or equivalent experience Excellent interpersonal and leadership skills Passion for invention, human computer interaction, and flawless user experiences Confident presenting and promoting design solutions and concepts The ability to wear many hats and contribute across disciplines A history of creating delightful interactive experiences Experience working on a multi-disciplinary team of designers and developers Self-motivated and comfortable with the ambiguities inherent in incubation work Expertise in leading, directing and facilitating creative teams Experience with start-up like cultures or v1 products Strong brainstorming skills, from participation to leadership Capable of reducing complex concepts into understandable, actionable tasks A strong interest in design, technology and trends, with an eye toward the future Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.