GILLIG LLC is the largest and most dependable manufacturer of Heavy Duty Transit Buses in North America. Our customers are in all 50 states, and include cities, counties, transit districts, universities and major private fleet operators. We are headquartered in Livermore, CA. \-------------- ABOUT THE ROLE \-------------- Job Summary \----------- The Logistics Coordinator manages all inbound freight for our manufacturing facility. Through individual contributions and cross functional influencing, the Logistics Coordinator ensures all materials and supplies arrive on time and in a cost-effective manner. The Logistics Coordinator identifies and leads initiatives to reduce cost and increase service while proactively resolving freight issues. Through demonstrated knowledge, the Logistics Coordinator will serve as an expert resource to the buyers, senior management, and peers in all areas of freight and logistics. This role reports to the Material Procurement and Freight Manager. Job Responsibilities \-------------------- Manage all inbound freight and logistics for the manufacturing facility and support outbound freight as required Identify, evaluate, select, and integrate new logistics providers Effectively schedule all inbound freight deliveries to optimize efforts of receiving personnel Facilitate returnable container program and identify new cost-effective opportunities for returnable container use Analyze existing freight routings to ensure necessary components arrive in a timely and cost-effective manner Manage supplier relationships and be point of contact for any freight and logistics issues Communicate cross functionally with Buyers, Carriers, Suppliers and Warehouse Personnel Ensure the continuous improvement of quality, service, and total cost in support of business needs Negotiate vendor agreements, contracts, and other legal documents Performs other duties as required \--------------- ABOUT YOU \--------------- Required Qualifications: \------------------------ BA/BS or equivalent work experience 3+ years’ experience in a freight, logistics, warehousing, or supply chain role Strong problem-solving skills, organization skills, and attention to detail Experience in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Ability to analyze and make decisions based off large amounts of data Excellent verbal and written communication skills Preferred Qualifications: \------------------------- Knowledge of lean principles Proficient in use of Syteline MRP system Previous experience in a manufacturing company Previous experience managing Third Party Logistics providers \-------- ABOUT US \-------- After 125 years, GILLIG holds strong to its family values and focus on its employees and customers. Our motivated and dedicated employees have a passion for quality and customer satisfaction. We are committed to building buses that connect communities, eliminate congestion, and contribute to a greener environment. Our Company pride is exemplified by the thoughtful design and quality craftsmanship present in every GILLIG bus. GILLIG’s steadfast focus on quality and unwavering commitment to exceptional customer service sets us apart from our competition. In compliance with the Drug-Free Workplace Act of 1988, GILLIG has a longstanding commitment to provide a safe, quality-oriented and productive work environment consistent with the standards in which the company operates. Drug abuse poses a threat to the health and safety of GILLIG employees and to the security of the company's equipment and facilities. For these reasons, GILLIG is committed to the elimination of drug and alcohol use and abuse in the workplace. All applicants must pass a drug test before beginning work. GILLIG offers an excellent compensation and benefits package including 100% company-paid premiums for medical, dental and vision for employees and their families. Other benefits include a unique 401k profit-sharing plan. GILLIG is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer.