LOCATION: Irving, TX OKI Data Americas, Inc. (ODA), headquartered in Irving, TX is a subsidiary of OKI Data Corporation of Japan, a leading manufacturer of computer peripheral equipment including color and monochrome printers and multifunction products. ODA is responsible for the sales and distribution for such products in the United States. To continue and accelerate our growth, ODA is seeking a dynamic, high energy, and accomplished Marketing Planning Data & Consumables Analyst A successful candidate would reside in the Dallas, Texas area and possesses 2 - 4 years’ experience in marketing, planning, finance, or product management related positions, as well as data analysis. This person will have experience working with industry standards, regulations, and guidelines in database warehousing and other relevant systems. In addition to meeting and exceeding assigned objectives, the responsibilities of the position are: Monthly forecast by SKU, by technology for all consumables products (900+) Develop Monthly Revenue and Margin Report Update monthly competitive CPP (Cost per Page models) and present to sales/Marketing Responsible for analysis related to Oki Data Corporation’s (ODC) inquiries regarding AMPV, plan, and forecast Support business operations by monitoring and analyzing master data, key data, and master relations data with the organization Maintain data within ERP (SAP, SFDC, etc.) for sales, marketing, and finance Responsible for maintaining proper balance of consumable inventory valued at $18M+ Providing CPP and TCO Analysis as requested by Sales and Marketing Data maintenance and management Develop monthly forecast with accuracy of +/- 10% Maintain accurate balance of consumable inventory Maintain ERP data in accordance with corporate rule Develop and foster relationships with ODC, Sales, Marketing, and Operations Maintain close relationship with outside industry analysts such as Current Analysis, Lyra, etc. EDUCATION: B.A. or B.S. in Marketing or Business/Finance or equivalent experience is required. EXPERIENCE: 2 - 4 years’ experience in a marketing, planning, finance, or product management role Experience working with industry standards, regulations, and guidelines in database warehousing and other relevant systems Experience working with information security practices and available security software packages Experience working with relational databases KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, ABILITIES, SOFTWARE REQUIREMENTS: Project Management skills Strong oral and written communication skills Excel, PowerPoint, and SAP experience 5% Travel Physical Demands: Normal office environment with ability to handle multiple deadlines SEND RESUME TO: careers@okidata.com Equal Employment Opportunity