The Business Intelligence Senior Data Analyst is responsible for supporting the Business Intelligence team and the business users through the analysis of quantitative & qualitative data by designing database models both logical and physical for department specific projects. The position will participate and perform data analysis; develop database models, database processes and functional analysis across various database methodologies specific to Business Intelligence. This role will require the ability to lead projects as the senior data analyst related to database design in both analysis and architecture. Responsibilities: Fully proficient as a Data Analyst; Responsible for leading data analysis and design tasks in big projects focused in a business unit. Develop database models, database processes and functional analysis across various database methodologies specific to Business Intelligence. Requires the ability to lead projects as the senior data analyst related to database design in both analysis and architecture. Basic Qualifications: Minimum of 7 years of experience working with Information technologies in a senior role required Minimum of 7 years of experience as a Data Analyst Minimum of 5 years of experience in advanced PL/SQL and Oracle queries and analysis. Skills and Knowledge: Prior hands-on experience in using ETL tools, Business Objects or other related BI tools Excellent analytical skills Able to communicate clearly and professionally with all levels of an organization. Strong interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills with demonstrated ability to work in a team environment. Ability to express complex technical concepts in business terms. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technologies strongly preferred. Prior experience in Financial Services industry a plus. Prior hands-on experience in using ERWin a plus. Proficient in designing database models (both logical and physical) Represents basic qualifications for the position. To be considered for this position you must at least meet the basic qualifications. City National Bank is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, Minorities/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Veterans Note: This preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Note: Candidates should be advised that City National Bank does not pay interviewee travel expenses or relocation expenses for candidates who are hired unless previously agreed. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled