Global Custom Commerce is looking for an experienced QA Engineer who is ready to step up and help a small, agile development team deliver high-quality, innovative solutions that combine the best of our existing capabilities, off- the-shelf technologies and custom code. The QA Engineer is an awesome software test engineer with the ability to work well within a self-organizing development team that adapts to change and continuously improves to reach extremely high levels of productivity. The QA Engineer leads by example. Others follow because they respect the technical expertise and laser focus on delivering high quality business value that the QA Engineer brings to the team every single day. The QA Engineer works closely with the Blinds.com VP of Software Delivery to ensure that the team’s testing approach is aligned with the broader organization. Why work here? Our entrepreneurial roots and maverick mentality, coupled with the resources and backing of the 1 home improvement retailer in the world, The Home Depot, is a unique opportunity for you to be a transformative retail disrupter. Plus, GCC is the world’s largest online window covering company, and we’ve got a demonstrably awesome 20-year track record. From our open-floor office to our open-door ethos, our culture is rooted in improving, evolving, and having fun (we’re pretty serious about cake, cook-offs, ping pong, meaningful work and exciting projects). Most importantly, our team members are always inspired, engaged, and ready for growth. That means you’ll have the resources and the runway to create truly magical, out-of-the-box work. Moreover, you will play an important role in leveraging our culture, people, systems, processes, and technology — ultimately to provide incredible customer experiences, while growing business for GCC and The Home Depot. This is your chance to be part of something big, in a small start-up environment. We’re ranked as one of The Top 5 Workplaces in Texas and have consistently won the following awards: The Best Place to Work in Houston ( Houston Business Journal ), Houston’s Top Workplaces ( Houston Chronicle ) and Houston’s Best and Brightest. MAJOR TASKS, RESPONSIBILITES AND KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES 20%- Analyzes project requirements and develops test plans, test cases and other testing documentation 20%- Identifies functionality that can most benefit from test automation and helps implement its automation 20%- Executes test cases 10%- Determines correct level of regression testing based on planned changes 10%- Works with the team to maximize quality of deliveries 10%- Contributes towards initiatives that improve the consistency and quality of our products 10%- Ensures testing processes minimize production errors NATURE AND SCOPE This position will report to the Director of Interconnected Retail. This position has 0 direct reports. ENVIRONMENTAL JOB REQUIREMENTS Environment: Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable. Travel: Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Must be eighteen years of age or older. Must be legally permitted to work in the United States. Education Required: The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job. Years of Relevant Work Experience: 4 years Physical Requirements: Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles. Preferred Qualifications: Familiarity with the architecture of e-commerce solutions at Blinds.com and/or The Home Depot Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies: Has a strong working knowledge of software testing and has applied that knowledge across a number of projects in a team setting Experience working on agile development teams involved in new product development Very broad and deep application testing skills (manual and automated) including experience delivering automated tests for web applications Hands-on experience in testing complex business applications, understanding large complex environments, and knowledge of requirements based testing. Includes hands on knowledge of automated frameworks like Selenium and Appium web driver. SQL experience with the ability to write basic SQL queries to retrieve data for verifications Naturally curious with the ability to break software in a constructive manner Experience setting up manual/automation/regression test scenarios Strong organization skills with an excellent attention to detail Good oral and written communication skills