Overview Our client, a market leader and technology innovator, is seeking talented professionals to deliver cutting edge solutions to their customers. Well- respected, with a global presence, our client consistently offers a powerful and robust portfolio of products, services and solutions that help customers successfully execute their missions in today’s dynamic environment. With unsurpassed engineering, using an open systems approach, our client solves the nation’s most complex challenges while foreseeing future needs. Intermediate Administrator (US Citizenship Required) San Jose, CA 2018-6613 Responsibilities Assist Senior Managers and/or Managers and their staff’s calendar & meeting schedules in Microsoft Outlook, to include internal and external meetings with clients and staff Manage frequently-changing schedules and appointments as well as coordinate projects & tasks Prepare meeting agendas and compile materials for use in meetings, discussions, & presentations Monitor external/internal communications, and expeditiously address, bringing critical issues to the Senior Managers and/or Manager’s attention Draft, proofread, and finalize written correspondence ensuring accuracy Work on assignments of moderate difficulty and complexity requiring judgment in resolving issues Schedule and ensure full support for meetings, coordinate video teleconferences, conference calls, meetings including reserving rooms, preparing for the event, and coordinating with on-site facilities and information technology experts Plan local, domestic, and international travel arrangements maintaining awareness of any security processes for international travel Prepare expense reports for travel reimbursements to ensure timely filing Discretely accept and screen calls, connect callers with appropriate staff, and follow up as needed Greet internal and external customers Obtain data from various sources, analyze data and information, and prepare reports as needed Enter, format, and proofread inputs into Excel Spreadsheets, PowerPoint and Word documents Build collaborative relationships, internally and externally Communicate professionally and effectively with employees and customers Work on multiple projects in a fast-paced environment Collaborate with others to improve processes and procedures Qualifications Required – able to obtain a TS/SCI clearance. Knowledge of Excel, Word, PowerPoint to generate tracking and coordination spreadsheets Experience with Concur is a plus Be able to prioritize a wide-variety of tasking from several disciplines on a daily basis Basic ability to apply company policies and procedures to resolve routine issues Follows standard practices and procedures in analyzing situations or data from which answers can be readily obtained Builds stable and productive working relationships internally Communicates clearly – verbally or in writing Creative, innovative responsibilities requiring proactive decision making skills Should have strong attention to detail and a penchant for accuracy US Citizenship is required by law, regulation, executive order, or government contract. Education and Experience : High School Diploma or the equivalent is required. In addition, Related Vocational Training plus a minimum of 3 years administrative or business experience, or a minimum 5 years of administrative or business experience is required Conditions of Employment: Applicants selected for employment will be required to pass a pre-employment drug screening and background investigation which may include education, criminal and work history verifications. About Our Company: Moseley Technical Services, Inc. is dedicated to providing our clients with a high standard of quality products and services. For two decades, our reputation has been built on this dedication and the long-term relationships developed with some of the most prestigious companies in the aerospace and defense industries. These business relationships give you the opportunity to not only find a job but to find one you can value and enjoy. We will be dedicated to you and to making your career a success. Accepted applicants will have the opportunity to be eligible for benefits, including medical and supplemental insurance and a 401K. Appreciation and gratitude for employees is a hallmark of organizations with low turnover. Moseley Technical Services, Inc. is an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled Employer. Join a team that values your experience!