Data Analyst 1- Marketing Operations - 347045 We are a specialty retailer offering the very best of what’s next in fashion for men, women and children since 1901. JOIN US WHERE IT ALL BEGAN. Whether you design clothes or business strategies, crunch numbers, lead projects or write code, we have a place for you at our Seattle headquarters. And we think Seattle is a pretty great place to live. More than just rainy days and coffee, Seattle has it all — mountains and beaches, arts and parks, music and film. It's made up of quirky neighborhoods, award-winning restaurants, and thriving industry. Come see for yourself! A day in the life… A Data Analyst 1 working with our Marketing Deployment Team is responsible for designing and executing marketing campaigns including targeting strategies and test designs. The analyst will use both data query and campaign tools to build marketing campaigns with a primary goal of matching marketing communications to the right customer at the right time. Our ideal candidate will have: Strong knowledge of SQL and relational databases required; knowledge of other coding languages (R, Python etc.) is preferred Ability to execute omni-channel campaigns and find the appropriate data sources to complete any requests for pre-analysis. Ability to handle ad hoc list execution or analysis requests with minimal supervision Execute simultaneous campaigns that are interdependent on each other, including complex test designs, multiple data sources, and sampling techniques Partner with other analytical teams to build channel and customer level tests Experience with campaign management software in order to execute campaigns. Assist with data requests for reporting and analysis produced by other Analytics & Marketing teams Interface with non-technical teams and help them to understand how to best fulfill their strategies using data Understand consumer behavior, purchase data, and digital information (particularly in the retail industry) and how to utilize this to understand customer needs Knowledge of the implementation, measurement and optimization of online paid media campaigns Proven ability to manage multiple small or medium-sized projects simultaneously, perform well under pressure, and be a team player You own this if you have… • Bachelor’s degree in quantitative field plus 2-3 years related experience 2+ years of experience in use and application of SQL Experience in using campaign management tools such as Unica, Salesforce Marketing Cloud or equivalent Experience working in a marketing organization Experience in the implementation, measurement and optimization of online paid media campaigns Experience with big data (Hadoop, Spark, etc.) We’ve got you covered… We offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, vision and dental coverage, a fabulous merchandise discount, an employer-matched 401(k) plan and much more. _We are an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a diverse environment._ This job description is intended to describe the general nature of the work employees can expect within this particular job classification. It is certainly not a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required for this job. Job : Marketing/Advertising/PR/Visual Merchandising Date Posted : 07/20/2018, 11:46:59 PM Location : United States-Washington-Seattle