The mission of Lamont Doherty Earth Observatory (LDEO) of Columbia University is to seek fundamental knowledge about the origin, evolution and future of the natural world. Our scientists study the planet from its deepest interior to the outer reaches of its atmosphere, on every continent and in every ocean, providing a rational basis for the difficult choices facing humanity. Much of this research involves computationally demanding data analysis and modeling. As part of a strategic initiative to enhance the observatory's approach to computing and data science, we are seeking six students to participate in a pilot Computational Technology Intern Program. These paid interns will be paired with Lamont scientists and will contribute to ongoing research projects involving scientific computing, machine learning, and big data. The interns will develop software and data-analysis pipelines in support of these projects and will deploy their applications at scale on commercial cloud platforms. In return, interns will gain valuable real-world experience working on challenging and novel problems such as ocean energetics, deep-sea image analysis, and ocean waves in hurricanes. These temporary positions will last through the 2018 Fall Semester. Minimum Qualifications for Grade Applicant MUST meet these minimum qualifications to be considered an applicant Interns are not expected to have prior knowledge of Earth science but should have a solid programming background with an understanding of contemporary best practices in software development. In particular, we seek interns with the following qualifications: Currently enrolled as a full-time undergraduate or masters student in Computer Science, Engineering, or Data Science. Columbia University students strongly preferred. At least two years of coding experience (formal or informal) in language used in scientific computing (e.g. python, R, Matlab, or Fortran). Some experience with version control, test-driven software development, continuous integration, and other modern best practices in scientific software. A desire to solve real world problems! Additional Position-Specific Minimum Qualifications Applicant MUST meet these minimum qualifications to be considered an applicant Special Instructions Please submit the following: One page cover letter explaining your background and goals. Resume (include a link to your GitHub profile if possible). Unofficial transcript and the names and contact information for two references who can provide a letter of recommendation. PLEASE NOTE: the transcript and reference sheet should be combined into one document and uploaded as "Other Doc". Preferred Qualifications Essential Functions Additional Essential Functions (Limit to 3950 characters.) Special Indications This position works with: HIPAA Compliance training required No Response Participation in Medical Surveillance required No Response What type of posting? Is this a waiver request? Standard- Short Term Casual Requisition Open Date 08-01-2018 Requisition Close Date Open Until Filled Quick Link jobs.columbia.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=171060