We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the Role Uber ATG is a fast paced environment with a lot of exciting challenges. We are in a phase where we are ramping up our efforts to not only produce cutting edge technology, but also to be a leader in reliability and safety. This is especially true on our LiDAR sensor development team, where we are beginning large scale production of our world class product. In order to achieve our goals, we need to analyze large amounts of data to quantify the performance and reliability of the sensor. This data also needs to be accessible to both the engineers who are responsible for building and testing the sensor, as well as to the manufacturing teams that will produce the sensor, and inevitably to the entire self driving team at Uber. We have built our data infrastructure to support this goal, and are looking for a smart, motivated person to help us to maintain and grow this infrastructure, and also to act as an interface between the multiple different data consumers that we are serving. What You’ll Do 2-3 years experience with data pipelines and ETL 2-3 years of experience with SQL databases like MySQL, PostgreSQL Experience with HDFS and optimizing Hive queries Familiarity with the Linux operating systems 2-3 years of C/C++ and Python programming language experience What You’ll Need Familiarity with statistical concepts Experience with data ingestion from packets (sockets, pcaps, protobuf) Ability to explain complex technical issues to a wide variety of audiences BS in Electrical/Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science or similar technical discipline Bonus Points If Experience with analyzing sensor data Experience with hardware analysis Experience working with contract manufacturers Parquet/ORC columnar data ETL experience About the Team At the Advanced Technologies Group (ATG), we are building technologies that will transform the way the world moves. Our teams in Pittsburgh, San Francisco, Phoenix, and Toronto are dedicated to mapping, software and hardware development, vehicle safety, and operations for self-driving technology. Our teams are passionate about developing a self-driving system that will one day move people and things around more safely, efficiently, and cost effectively.