Description The Site Services Territory Manager provides leadership to a team of associates (Operators, Technicians, Coordinators, Coverage Specialists, Supervisors and Team Leads) in the form of coordinating daily activities, providing work direction, and offering support and guidance in the functional areas related to outsourced service solutions such as: shipping, receiving, inventory management, chemical tracking, warehousing, glass washing, purchasing, desktop delivery, and lab support services. The Territory Manager is responsible for a geographic territory supporting multiple states, customers, personnel and service solutions. This position manages daily activities for upwards of 15 to 20 VWR associates and leaders. Additionally, the Territory Manager has a potential to manage Scientific Services and or GxP services. The Territory Manager serves as a relationship manager to the customer and can be involved in developing/communicating complex metrics, business development, and product/quality management. The territory manager typically reports to a manager. Job Responsibilities: Coaches motivates, and supervises team members to successfully perform job requirements and to meet/exceed goals and objectives. Acts as a liaison between customer, VWR services and VWR sales. Provides training and backup to associates to perform required tasks. Manages budget and reviews/approves expense reports. Customer reporting and data analysis. Serves as a role model and mentor in both words and actions for associates who express and exhibit a desire to pursue individual professional growth and team growth. Establishes, maintains, and continuously reviews goals and objectives for the department to insure they are in line with the overall corporate goals and objectives. Monitors and reports on actual performance vs. established goals and objectives. Plans, develops, and implements programs and procedures, within scope of authority, with an emphasis on improving department productivity, individual productivity, and corporate profitability. Handles administrative duties such as associate performance appraisals, time card review, vacation scheduling, performance issues, etc. Develops and maintains: SOP’s, SOW’s, SPI’s and KPI’s. Conducts internal and external presentations. Ensures GxP compliance and good documentation practices. Brings value to the customer from personal development in the industry Potential to manage scientific services. Manages revenue growth and TOE reduction. Perform other duties as assigned. Experience & Skills: Conform to all customer requirements for background checks, health and safety issues, security clearances and medical checkups. Knowledge of Information Access and ERP System; advanced Microsoft Office knowledge with proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Microsoft Access Excellent customer service skills; display a professional can do attitude General purchasing and inventory knowledge High regard for safety, quality and adherence to protocols, policies and procedures Must be flexible, adaptable, and multi-task oriented Ability to self-manage and self-motivate; forward thinking Strong verbal and written communication skills Proficient in trouble shooting Strong communication skills to interact with both customers and various departments within VWR Understanding of, and ability to administer VWR’s policies consistently Ability to make sound business decisions with limited consultation with manager Must be able to travel Qualifications: High school diploma or GED required; Associates degree or undergraduate degree in business or science related field is preferred 5+ years applicable experience in customer services/purchasing/or account management At least 1-year previous experience managing associates/leadership role Spill containment, IATA, DOT, IMDG and Hazwoper training a plus GMP and GLP training a plus CPR training and OSHA Right to Know preferred Inside sales experience and cross-referencing skills a plus Valid Driver’s License and transportation Environmental Working Conditions & Physical Effort: The work environment characteristics and physical effort described here are representative of those an associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Typically works in an office, stockroom, or warehousing environment with adequate lighting and ventilation and a normal range of temperature and noise level The associate is required to stand and walk for the majority of the working day. The physical requirements of the job are for associates to talk, hear, bend/stoop, squat, crawl, climb height, reach above shoulder height, crouch, kneel, balance, and push/pull. Furthermore, the job requires associates to lift/carry/push or pull up to 50 pounds with or without assistance. Associates use both hands for repetitive actions such as grasping and manipulating as well as both feet for repetitive movement operating foots controls. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. Must be able to travel internationally. Travel is generally 30-35% of time About Avantor Avantor® is a global manufacturer and distributor of high-quality products, services and solutions to professionals in the life sciences and advanced technology industries. As our channel brand, VWR offers an integrated, seamless purchasing experience that is optimized for the way our customers do business. Operating from over 30 countries worldwide, the company seeks to enable customer success in the biopharmaceutical, pharmaceutical, medical device, diagnostics, healthcare, educational, industrial, government, aerospace & defense, and semiconductor industries. For more information visit www.settingscienceinmotion.com . _Resume Submissions To VWR From Third Party Recruitment Firms Will Not Be Considered_ VWR is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. VWR maintains a drug free workplace. VWR is a US Federal contractor. VWR and design are registered trademarks of VWR International, LLC. VWR International, LLC is aware of fraudulent e-mails referencing VWR job opportunities. Please note: VWR does not hire employees through e-mail solicitation and never requests any employee to cash money orders or send money to others. If you question the validity of a job, please visit jobs.vwr.com . For more information on VWR please visit www.vwr.com . Job Posting Date: 2018-08-01