Description Responsibilities: Perform a variety of support duties for the Service Order Management team within the Operations Department. Work is performed under the general supervision of the Furniture & Facilities Operations Manager. Work assignments are relatively complex in nature, and require the limited exercised of discretion and judgment to meet established priorities. Primary Responsibilities: (other duties may be assigned) Manage Service Request by region Act as a liaison between the Furniture Operations Department and the LOB’s for scheduling installations, confirming delivery Track job cost Manage 3rd party and internal installer needs. i.e., PO’s, cost adjustments, return trips, etc. Utilize internal and 3rd party scheduling modules Works from and updates the job queue Acts as an extra support for the local market operations supervisors when needed Organizes workload to comply with deadlines and priorities; works independently to complete routine department or group functions Any assigned duties as required Primary Interactions: Daily interactions with managers, supervisors, regional staff, sales reps and vendors. May interact with executive management. Qualifications Competencies: Knowledge of Furniture industry and products Knowledge of modern office practices and procedures Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing Ability to compose effective and efficient reports and correspondence Ability to use tact and skill in dealing with other staff, visitors and vendors Skill in the use of a personal computer and various applications programs, including CFS, Salesfoce.com and Microsoft office Basic: High School diploma or general education degree (GED) Minimum of two (2) years’ experience at the full performance level as an Administrative Assistant I, Coordinator; or any equivalent combination of acceptable training, education and experience Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Work is generally sedentary, with no specific need for physical coordination or effort. May require physical effort associated with using the computer to access information, or occasional standing, walking, lifting needed to carry out everyday activities. Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Tasks do not expose employee to physically unpleasant or hazardous conditions. About Us Staples Supply Chain and Logistics is recognized as one of the top supply chain organizations within North America. With an extensive fulfillment and delivery network providing services for three main business units, we are able to deliver customer orders next day to 98% of the U.S. population, not to mention or Distribution Centers supporting our Retail Stores. Our 10,000 Supply Chain & Logistics associates throughout North America continue to “make more happen” through the integration of people, process and technology. We sell more than 2 million SKUs and are continually adding more products for our customers. We continue to invest in our people, capabilities and technology to deliver “Every product our customers need, when they want it, where they want and how they want it.” Without a doubt, our Supply Chain differentiates us from our emerging competitors. _Staples is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law._