Overview As a member of the Information Technology department, the EHR Specialist/Analyst performs tasks associated with successful configuration, maintenance, support, reporting and training of TVHC’s Electronic Healthcare Systems. This position is responsible for analyzing needs, developing changes and enhancements, and maintaining TVHC’s Electronic Healthcare Systems (primarily NextGen EPM and EHR) based on organizational requirements. This position serves as project lead for EHR software upgrades and is responsible for directing the implementation, performing gap analysis and developing project plans. This position will be responsible for data analytics on the EHR and EPM side, and will produce reports from NextGen as well as third party analytics packages and databases. The position requires superior communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to respond succinctly and efficiently to user requests. This position will also support other software products and reporting requirements as needed. We offer excellent benefits including: medical, dental, vision (including dependent and domestic partner coverage), generous paid leave benefits including holidays, Flexible Spending Accounts, 403(b) retirement savings plan. Tiburcio Vasquez Health Center, Inc. is a non-profit community health center that is dedicated to promoting the health and well-being of our community by providing accessible, high quality care by integrating primary care, dental care, WIC support, mental health counseling, community health education and more. Responsibilities Under direction of IT Director, develops EPM/EHR project plans, including scoping, scheduling, and implementation. Under the direction of IT Director, produces scheduled and ad hoc reports from NextGen, SQL, SSRS and third party data analytics applications. Configures and/or modifies EHR templates and application configuration to meet agreed-upon requirements. Serves as project lead for Electronic Healthcare Systems related projects including system enhancements, upgrades, and new technology rollout. Provides timely and high quality technical support for clinical, operations and administrative staff for Level 2 escalated Incidents and Requests related to Electronic Healthcare Systems. Analyzes and addresses application functionality and data reporting requirements of internal users and external regulatory agencies. Develops and delivers trainings to effectively impact Healthcare Systems adoption, use, and engagement amongst providers and line staff users. Works with department leads to ensure uniformity in distribution of technical training among staff performing similar functions. Understands and analyses clinic workflow. Recommends workflow improvements and implements standardized workflow within the EHR/PM and associated electronic healthcare systems. Conducts research on emerging application development software products, languages, and standards in support of procurement and technology development efforts. Assists network administrators to troubleshoot and resolve IT systems issues related to the Electronic Healthcare Systems. Designs, runs and monitors software performance tests on new and existing programs for the purposes of correcting errors, isolating areas for improvement, and general debugging. Develops and maintains documentation, user manuals and guidelines. Promotes the importance of proper use of applications and software systems. Actively participates in team-based planning for Information Technology group, providing timely and relevant feedback on application utilization to inform future rollouts and implementations. Attends meetings and trainings as assigned by IT Director. May be called to present on relevant IT topics to various workgroups, both internal and external. Maintain confidentiality regarding privileged proprietary, administrative, technical and clinical information according to HIPAA and quality of care standards; ensure system security to meet data confidentiality requirements. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in an academic or scientific field related to Information Systems or Technology preferred. Equivalent work experience or college courses in lieu of the educational requirement may be considered. Solid and proven experience working with diverse communities in a non-profit or healthcare setting. Specific work experience (2-4 years) in implementation of electronic health records systems and/or training of providers and clinical staff support in these systems and other/or clinical support functions. Experience working with Federally Qualified Health Centers (FQHC’s) and their specific patient populations is preferred. This position will have project management, troubleshooting and customer service experience. Job Preferences: Knowledge in FQHC standards of practice, legal and ethical codes and regulations applicable to FQHCs highly preferred Required Skills: Demonstrated experience implementing and/or integrating healthcare software applications, preferably NextGen. Proficiency in NextGen KBM functions including template development and configuration protocols. Proficient in SQL scripting, with the ability to generate reports from the database. Demonstrated ability to analyze functional and technical requirements and translate these into valid solutions. Knowledge of primary care clinic workflow and/or other healthcare experience is a plus. Ability to interact with clients and project team members (both internal and external) to understand requirements, develop methodology, deploy best practices, and execute deliverables. Advanced understanding of report writer software such as SSRS and Crystal Reports. Good understanding of coding methods and best practices. Hands-on experience developing test cases and test plans. Knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws. Strong project management skills or consulting experience. Proven interpersonal communication skills; ability to communicate clearly in order to facilitate the understanding of issues involving technical matters to persons not well-versed in technology and information systems. Excellent written and verbal communication skills required. Demonstrated ability to initiate and complete work without direct supervision. Requires ability to work effectively under pressure. Sensitivity to needs of culturally and linguistically diverse patient and employee population. General computing knowledge and MS Office suite. Functions independently within guidelines and with limited supervision with general direction from the IT Director. Willingness and ability to work some evenings and weekends, as needed. Ability to travel to various clinics as required to perform duties.