job description Who We Are: HBC is a diversified global retailer, focused on driving the performance of high quality stores and their all-channel offerings, growing through acquisitions, and unlocking the value of real estate holdings. Founded in 1670, HBC is the oldest company in North America. Our portfolio today includes formats ranging from luxury to premium department stores to off price fashion shopping destinations, with more than 480 stores and over 66,000 employees around the world. Our leading banners across North America and Europe include Hudson’s Bay, Lord & Taylor, Saks Fifth Avenue, Gilt, Saks OFF 5TH, Galeria Kaufhof, the largest department store group in Germany, and Belgium’s only department store group Galeria INNO. We have significant investments in real estate joint ventures. HBC has partnered with Simon Property Group Inc. in the HBC Global Properties Joint Venture, which owns properties in the United States and Germany. In Canada, HBC has partnered with RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust in the RioCan-HBC Joint Venture. A truly global corporate citizen, HBC is committed to responsible business practices to bring about positive change, and we work hard to shape a sustainable future for people and the planet. Our philanthropic initiatives help create healthy families, strong communities, and sport excellence in the cities and countries in which we operate around the world, while striving to create innovative programs and resources that provide flexibility for work- life balance in order to maintain a positive working environment What This Position Is All About: The Style Advisor is responsible for elevating their shopping experience by welcoming visitors to the store, providing directions and answering questions to help customers efficiently get to their desired location. The Style Advisor has a strong working knowledge of the store, the designers it carries as well as the many services offered and they use this knowledge to provide customers with personalized assistance to enhance their shopping experience. Who You Are: You believe that teamwork is critical for long lasting success You lead by example, are responsible and thoughtful, creative and energized Your delivery-focus is always on the most memorable customer experience You understand how important it is to get buy-in, and so you are patient and deliberate with your communication, able to adjust and change wherever necessary You also have: Proficient in MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Blackberry, IPAD, etc. Technologically savvy Fluent in multiple languages; fluency in Mandarin would be a strong asset. As the Style Advisor, you will: _Create a Welcoming Environment_ Immediately welcomes customers as they enter the area and proactively offers assistance Provides a dynamic service presence to each location Skilled at asking appropriate questions to identify a customer’s needs in order to effectively provide them guidance or directions Knowledgeable of store layout, current merchandise assortment and able to direct Customers to the appropriate area _Elevate the Shopping Experience_ Able to quickly assess customer needs in terms of: special occasion, vendors/product of interest, special language needs, how much time customer has, etc. Has a strong network of Style Advisors throughout the store and leverages these relationships to pair the right Style Advisor to a new customer based on the customer’s needs Thoroughly knowledgeable on all in-store services and proactively offers the appropriate service to a customer to further personalize and enhance their shopping experience _Problem Solving_ Demonstrates a high level of energy and the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment Able to understand a customer’s concerns and quickly determine solutions with limited supervision Your Life and Career at HBC: Be part of a world-class team; work with an adventurous spirit; think and act like an owner- operator! Exposure to rewarding career advancement opportunities, from retail to supply chain, to digital or corporate. A culture that promotes a healthy, fulfilling work/life balance Benefits package for all eligible full-time employees (including medical, vision and dental). An amazing employee discount Thank you for your interest with HBC. We look forward to reviewing your application. HBC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, HBC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. HBC welcomes all applicants for this position. Should you be individually selected to participate in an assessment or selection process, accommodations are available upon request in relation to the materials or processes to be used.