The site Quality Control Manager is expected to establish, maintain and improve all responsible areas of the Quality Control System to ensure manufacturing processes are controlled and pertinent processes are regularly reviewed, analyzed and reported in an effort to support continuous improvement within the manufacturing facility. The scope of this role shall include, but not be limited to the support all operational and sustaining quality program efforts, manage daily quality support functions for customer demand, develop and train quality personnel to ensure continuous growth, support NPI (Tollgate Process) development validation and verification efforts, develop advancements in the application and analysis of operational quality control systems, use statistical methods to diagnose and drive continuous improvement efforts, motivate and develop direct staff, facilitate the adoption of quality concepts and techniques, posses the knowledge and ability to develop and administer management information systems and the ability to audit quality systems for deficiency identification and correction. MAJOR AREAS OF ACCOUNTABILITY Must posses a high level of understanding quality philosophies, principles, systems, methods, tools, standards, organizational and team dynamics, customer expectations and satisfaction, supplier relations and performance, leadership, training, interpersonal relationships, improvement systems, and professional ethics. Must have an advanced comprehension level of industry quality systems knowledge and its development. Must posses knowledge of quality related domestic and international regulatory standards, such as UL, ATEX, FM, etc. Shall posses a thorough understanding of problem-solving and quality improvement tools and techniques. This includes knowledge of management and planning tools, quality tools, preventive and corrective actions, and how to overcome barriers to quality improvements. Shall be able to establish, plan, control, and assure Incoming product quality and verification systems in accordance with established quality systems, which include material verification and control, acceptance sampling, and measurement systems. Shall be able to develop and implement New Quality Control programs which facilitate product tracking, analyzing, reporting, and problem solving. Develops SPC and process validation programs and works with manufacturing engineering on continuous process improvement. Knowledge of Quality standard requirements, such as ISO 9000, automotive standards TS 16949 and Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) Demonstrate an ability to manage direct quality control resources to complete departmental strategic quality objectives. Provides all technical training to direct staff in effort to support company initiatives and develop employee base. Performs detailed written reports and corrective action reports for both customer and upper-level management. Take a leadership role in coordinating daily priorities for all Quality Control support functions, including Process Support, Receiving Inspection and MRB. Must understand and be able to apply inspection methodologies and testing techniques, including various types of sampling plans; must be able to read and interpret blueprints (drawings), PCBA drawings, including dimensioning and tolerancing,. Must understand and be able to apply the principles of corrective and preventive actions, including root cause analysis, and demonstrate a command of both oral and written communication. Demonstrates ability to work in small team in effort to support continuous improvement methods using quality tools. Must be able to apply tools; interpret information and data; and apply team concepts both as a member and leader to drive continuous improvement effort. Support supplier quality programs and ensures quality of products and services in accordance with established company policies and quality standards. Supervises the repair and calibration department. Assesses departmental performance and product performance in effort to drive continuous improvement. QUALIFICATIONS : BS degree in Technical discipline with 7-10 years experience in Quality Assurance capacity or equivalent education and quality experience . Industry certification (CQM/OE,CQE, etc.) is preferred. Some formal Six Sigma training (Green Belt level), a minimum. Familiar with all facets of Quality Control programs from New Product development, until point of shipment. Thorough knowledge of Mechanical and/or electro-mechanical assembly. Ability to read, interpret and comprehend all levels (except schematic) of engineering drawings. Must be computer literate and have working knowledge of Microsoft Office software products, i.e. Word, Excel, Windows, ect. Skills: Proficient user of personal computer and the entire MS suite of software; knowledge and proficiency in data mining and use of spreadsheet programs at an advanced level; knowledge and proficiency in ERP systems and basic understanding of how to extract data from systems; utilize inspection tools such as dial calipers, micrometers, height gauges, and other basic bench work quality tools. Knowledge of Statistical programs such as Minitab and ability to use a coordinate measuring machine are a plus. Ability to: Assign and review results of quality analysis and quality inspections; respond to questions and problems from Production and Engineering Department personnel, customers, and suppliers; review and approve Engineering Change Requests and Change Orders; review and approve quality assurance review testing and shipments; prepare monthly reports and minutes of meetings; perform close tolerance inspections; write and evaluate procedures in compliance with ISO 9000 guidelines; perform internal audits; read and understand blueprints; prepare and review departmental procedures; communicate effectively with Production Control and Purchasing staff, customers, and vendors; instruct inspection personnel; organize and coordinate projects and meet deadlines. Special Requirements: Ability to obtain a valid California driver's license and an acceptable driving record and hold a valid Passport to allow domestic and international travel as required. LI-KE1