POSITION SUMMARY: Lifetouch has a dynamic opportunity for an experienced Business Analyst to join our successful organization as a key contributor. Lifetouch National School Studios Inc., a Shutterfly Inc. company is an industry-leader with operations in all 50 states and Canada. Employees enjoy our fast-paced, collaborative culture and the ability to directly impact our business. Respect, integrity, teamwork, and passion are at the core of what we do. POSITION SCOPE (Include budget responsibility, locations supported etc.): Develops and maintains an effective, collaborative business partnership with key customers and stakeholders. Drive all aspects of business systems analysis process within LNSS systems project life cycle, and work with the business and systems staff to define and implement systems that enable business process change. PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Manage all aspects of business systems analysis including project definition, requirement gathering, traceability, analysis, screen mock-ups, non-functional requirements and business process definition. Elicit requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis and work flow analysis. Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs. Understand and define the data shared across the enterprise and the relationships between those data. Collaborate with system and application architects to establish a “right sized” solution that solves the business problem and is consistent with our current and long-term systems architecture. Proactively communicate and collaborate with external and internal customers to analyze information needs and functional requirements and deliver the following artifacts as needed: Functional requirements (Business Scenario Document), Use Cases, User interface screen mock-ups, data definition. Collaborate with developers and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyze trade offs between usability and performance needs. Communicate business requirements and work with systems development staff to create system design requirements while gaining consensus for solution with business partners. Work independently with users to define requirements and under direction of project managers. Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts. Assist in the development and maintenance of a consistent business system analysis methodology that is used company-wide to plan and execute projects to achieve business objectives. Communicate and collaborate with existing system support staff to share system enhancement opportunities for the current systems. Perform other projects or miscellaneous duties as requested or assigned MINIMUM GENERAL REQUIREMENTS: Education : Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration, Computer Science or MIS, or equivalent experience. Experience : Minimum of eight to ten years experience in business systems analysis techniques Proven ability to utilized various business analysis / business process analysis skills and tools including: Business scenario / Use case documentation Screen mock-up and / or wiring diagrams Process and workflow modeling Requirements definition and prioritization Business process design, reengineering and requirements analysis Business rule definition and facilitation Business data definition Deployment and implementation planning Other knowledge, skills, and abilities: Strong oral and written communication skills, as well as team-building skills. Ability to facilitate and influence effectively at all levels of the organization and across organizational boundaries. Strong analytical and critical thinking skills required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements. Successfully engage in multiple initiatives simultaneously. Communication strategy and planning Orchestrating outcomes Benefits Your hard work and professional dedication will be rewarded with competitive compensation, benefits and opportunities to grow and advance your career within the territory and across the U.S. and Canada. Here is just some of what we have to offer: Excellent earnings PTO Medical and Dental Benefits 401K