Your success is a train ride away. Amtrak connects businesses and communities across the country and we move America’s workforce toward the future. We employ more than 20,000 diverse, energetic professionals in a variety of career fields throughout the United States. The safety of our passengers, our employees, the public and our operating environment is our priority and the success of our railroad is the result of our employees. Are you ready to join our team? SUMMARY OF DUTIES: The Data Analytics Engineering Intern will provide technical support to Amtrak’s Track Geometry Group in developing data analytics methodologies and applications. This role will work closely with the researchers and engineers to understand the principles of data alignment, automated data processing, data management, and enterprise solutions. This role will directly take part in implementation, programming, and testing of tools that are critical to solving key problems related to data and mapping them to gaps in Amtrak’s process to drive predictive and prescriptive analytics. The role will have experience in MATLAB and Python programming, filter design, data structures, signal processing, and graphical user interface development. The resource will collaborate in the ongoing development projects to deliver solutions used by the Engineering department on a day-to-day basis. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Python and MATLAB programming, and signal processing are mandatory Strong background in data structures and algorithms Experience in both front-end and back-end software development, especially with MATLAB Experience in design, calibration, and implementation of analog and digital filters Documentation and structured programming to support sustainable development practice Debugging and code-reading skills WORK EXPERIENCE: Provable experience with MATLAB and Python, especially signal processing and data structures JAVA experience is a plus Some experience working with structured and unstructured data sources using Big Data across the solution lifecycle Experience in implementing large scale software solutions is a strong plus. Experience with visualization tools such as Rail Doctor, Tableau or similar Understanding of data warehousing concepts including data integration for data warehouse objects Demonstrated skill in project planning and collaborating with groups. Ability to describe challenges and solutions in both technical and business terms. Ability to develop and maintain excellent working relationships at all organizational levels. EDUCATION: A current graduate student in a master’s or PhD program is preferred. All fields of engineering and science are welcome to apply. We welcome all minorities, international students, underprivileged, and underrepresented community members to apply. COMMUNICATION AND INTERPERSONAL SKILLS: Must have excellent oral and written communication skills. Relocation offering available upon Amtrak management review and as deemed necessary. SF:LI Requisition ID: 37344 Posting Location(s): Pennsylvania Personnel Area: PA08 Job Family/Function: Engineering Relocation Offered: No Education Requirements: Bachelors Degree Travel Requirements: None Employment Experience Requirements: 3 - 5 years of experience Amtrak employees power our progress through their performance. We want your work at Amtrak to be more than a job – we want it to be a fulfilling experience where you find challenging and rewarding opportunities, respect among colleagues, competitive pay, benefits that protect you and your family, and a high performance culture that recognizes and values your contributions and helps you reach your career goals. We proudly support and encourage U.S. Veterans to apply for Amtrak job opportunities. All positions require pre-employment background verification, medical review and pre-employment drug screen. Amtrak is committed to a safe and drug-free workplace and performs pre-employment substance abuse testing. All new hires are required to undergo a hair drug test which detects the presence of illegal drugs for months prior to testing. We appreciate your cooperation in keeping Amtrak safe and drug-free. In accordance with DOT regulations (49 CFR section 40.25), Amtrak is required to obtain prior drug and alcohol testing records for applicants/employees intending to perform safety- sensitive duties for covered Department of Transportation positions. If an applicant/employee refuses to provide written consent for Amtrak to obtain these records, he/she will not permitted to perform safety-sensitive functions. Note that any education requirement listed above may be deemed satisfied if you have an equivalent combination of education, training and experience. Amtrak is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and we welcome all to apply. We consider candidates regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability (including blindness), or veteran status. POSTING NOTES: Engineering || Engineering