Job Description This position offers an opportunity to work with a small group of highly skilled, motivated and passionate engineers at the early stages of an exciting journey to transform the way Thomson Reuters Data Centers deliver Big Data solutions and services to our business. We are seeking individuals that are equally skilled and passionate about learning new emerging technologies and using those technologies to enable business growth. The ideal candidate should be able to demonstrate strong technical aptitude and interest in learning new technologies. In this role you will work closely with our Big Data technical lead to deliver a set of Big Data services to Thomson Reuters product teams. _Technology_ Work closely with Big Data technical leadership team to deliver Hadoop technologies and services including HDFS, HBase, Hive, Spark and other emerging technologies to Thomson Reuters product teams Partner with product development teams to implement best practices and optimize performance of the Big Data applications Participate in the analysis of new hardware and software design requirements and develop solutions and services to support them Manage Hadoop product upgrade cycles including testing and release planning Research new Big Data and Cloud technologies and assess maturity and alignment of the technology to business and technology strategy Prepare and present high quality technical and non-technical documentation Communicate in a professional manner when interacting across staff levels and internal/external customers Evaluate and communicate risk as a top consideration for all solutions and changes being made on behalf customers QUALIFICATIONS/SKILLS Education and Experience B.S./B.A. Computer Science or related field; or equivalent level of experience Knowledge and Skills Previous Software engineering and development experience preferred UNIX/Linux administration experience preferred Strong passion for technology and a willingness to learn new skills Self-motivated and self-directed, ability to translate technical direction and apply to specific work responsibilities Ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams Ability to investigate complex issues spanning multiple technologies Excellent communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills Strong technical aptitude Strong analytical skills At Thomson Reuters, we believe what we do matters. We are passionate about our work, inspired by the impact it has on our business and our customers. As a team, we believe in winning as one - collaborating to reach shared goals, and developing through challenging and meaningful experiences. With more than 45,000 employees in more than 100 countries, we work flexibly across boundaries and realize innovations that help shape industries around the world. Making this happen is a dynamic, evolving process, and we count on each employee to be a catalyst in driving our performance - and their own. As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Thomson Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace. Intrigued by a challenge as large and fascinating as the world itself? Come join us. To learn more about what we offer, please visit thomsonreuters.com/careers. More information about Thomson Reuters can be found on thomsonreuters.com. Locations Eagan-Minnesota-United States of America