Introduction _Applicants are encouraged to apply as soon as possible as this announcement may close at any time after 5:00 p.m. on August 21, 2018._ The Department SFO is a world-class, award-winning airport that served more than 55 million guests in 2017. SFO offers non-stop flights to 45 international cities on 45 international carriers. The Bay Area's largest airport also connects non-stop with 83 U.S. cities on 13 domestic airlines. In fiscal year 16/17, the Airport, an enterprise department of the City & County of San Francisco, accounted for $8.4 billion in business activity and supported over 42,800 direct jobs. SFO’s mission is to provide an exceptional airport in service to our communities and is committed to redefining air travel. SFO has embarked on the renovation of Terminal 1, the largest capital project in the Airport’s $7.3 billion Ascent Program. For more information, visit www.flysfo.com. View a video about careers at SFO. Appointment Type Temporary Provisional (TPV). A temporary provisional appointee must participate and be successful in a Civil Service Examination process for this classification and be selected through an open competitive process in order to be considered for a permanent appointment. Provisional appointments may not exceed three (3) years. Position Description The Human Resources Office at SFO seeks a motivated recruitment and selection analyst to join the 10-member Hire/Exams Team. Under the supervision and training of a Senior Human Resources Analyst, the Human Resources Analyst is responsible for conducting job analyses, administering various types of exams, coordinating interviews and preparing new hire paperwork. The best qualified candidates will have excellent analytical and organizational skills, as well as interpersonal and customer service skills that exemplify SFO's Core Values. The essential functions of this position include: Identify appropriate recruitment and selection strategies needed to ensure the effective and timely hiring of employees. Develop and prepare, job duties, job announcements, and advertisements. Assist hiring managers in developing supplemental questionnaires, interview questions, written tests, performance tests and additional screening devices. Screen employment applications to ensure applicants meet minimum and desirable qualifications. Communicate with applicants regarding their qualifications and keep managers informed of recruitment and selection processes. Ensure hiring decisions are in compliance with federal, state and local laws, ordinances, and regulations and guidelines such as Civil Service Commission rules and collective bargaining agreements. Compile recruitment and selection statistics, prepare justification for selections and submit requests for authorization to Department of Human Resources. Research and analyze job duties and responsibilities for new positions to determine essential duties and position allocation criteria; interview employees and supervisors to elicit and/or clarify job information and organizational relationships; recommend appropriate classifications; prepare classification documents and ensure consistency within class series and job families. Interpret, explain and administer provisions of Memorandum of Understanding, Collective Bargaining Agreements, Airport Commission and City and County of San Francisco policies, and procedures, and personnel rules and policies for department managers, employees, interview panel members, job applicants and the general public. Monitor and track Temporary Exempt (Category 16) and Prop F employee’s hours in assigned sections to ensure maximum thresholds are not exceeded. Review, analyze and process requests for special pay premiums, calculate pay for new employees in accordance with provisions in the Memorandum of Understanding between the City and County of San Francisco and various unions; prepare appropriate paperwork. Initiate new hire paperwork; provide required information and/or forms (form 3, form 4, etc.) to appropriate personnel to ensure timely hiring and processing of new employees. Prepare written materials including letters, reports, memoranda and forms; compile recruitment information and statistics. Respond to and provide information to department representatives, labor organizations, managers, employees, applicants, other agencies and the general public regarding human resources issues. Attend and participate in human resources staff meetings. Participate in human resources workshops and training sessions. Establish and maintain positive working relationships with section managers, co- workers, other City employees and the public through principles of professionalism, team building and exemplary customer service. Complete required reports in a timely manner such as: hire plan, issuing timelines, weekly activity reports, etc. Perform examinations, conduct job analyses, organize recruitment activities, review employment applications, develop and administer selection devices, analyze results, establish passing scores and create eligible lists. Perform special projects and other related duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications Education Possession of a baccalaureate degree from an accredited college or university. Experience One (1) year of professional human resources experience in one or more of the following areas of activity: recruitment and selection, classification and compensation, employee and/or labor relations, benefits administration and human resources operations. Substitution Education Substitution: Verifiable professional human resources work experience in one or more of the following areas may substitute for up to two years of the required education on a year-for-year basis: recruitment and selection, classification and compensation, employee and/or labor relations, benefits administration and human resources operations. (One year of experience will be considered equivalent to 30 semester or 45 quarter units of college coursework.) Experience Substitution: Completion of a 12 month human resources trainee program equivalent to the City and County of San Francisco’s 1249 Human Resources Training Program may substitute for the one (1) year of required professional experience. Desirable Qualifications The desirable qualifications listed below may be used to identify job finalists at the end of the selection process when candidates are referred for hiring. Experience working in a public/municipal agency Excellent written communication skills Proficiency using Microsoft Office Suite _Applicants must meet the minimum qualification requirement by the final filing date unless otherwise noted._ _One year full-time employment is equivalent to 2,000 hours (2,000 hours of qualifying work experience is based on a 40 hour work week). Any overtime hours that you work above 40 hours per week are not included in the calculation to determine full-time employment._ How To Apply Applications for City and County of San Francisco jobs are only accepted through an online process. Visit www.jobaps.com/sf to register an account (if you have not already done so) and begin the application process. Select the desired job announcement Select “Apply” and read and acknowledge the information Select either “I am a New User” if you have not previously registered, or “I have Registered Previously” Follow instructions on the screen Computers are available for the public (from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Monday through Friday) to file online applications in the lobby of the Dept. of Human Resources at 1 South Van Ness Avenue, 4th Floor, San Francisco. Applicants may be contacted by email about this announcement and, therefore, it is their responsibility to ensure that their registered email address is accurate and kept up-to-date. Also, applicants must ensure that email from CCSF is not blocked on their computer by a spam filter. To prevent blocking, applicants should set up their email to accept CCSF mail from the following addresses (@sfgov.org, @sfdpw.org, @sfport.com, @flysfo.com, @sfwater.org, @sfdph.org, @asianart.org, @sfmta.com, @sfpl.org, @dcyf.org, @first5sf.org). Applicants will receive a confirmation email that their online application has been received in response to every announcement for which they file. Applicants should retain this confirmation email for their records. Failure to receive this email means that the online application was not submitted or received. All work experience, education, training and other information substantiating how you meet the minimum qualifications must be included on your application by the filing deadline. Information submitted after the filing deadline will not be considered in determining whether you meet the minimum qualifications. Applications completed improperly may be cause for ineligibility, disqualification or may lead to lower scores. If you have any questions regarding this recruitment or application process, please contact the exam analyst, Carolina Robert, by telephone at 650-821-2048 or by email at Carolina.Robert@flysfo.com Resumes may be attached to the application; however, resumes will not be accepted in lieu of a completed City and County of San Francisco application. Verification Applicants may be required to submit verification of qualifying education and experience at any point during the recruitment and selection process. If education verification is required, information on how to verify education requirements, including verifying foreign education credits or degree equivalency, can be found here. Verification of qualifying experience, when requested, must be documented on the employer's business letterhead and must include the name of the applicant, job title(s), dates of employment, description of job duties performed, and signature of the employer or the employer’s authorized representative. Experience claimed in self-employment will only be accepted if supported by documents verifying income, earnings, business license and experience comparable to minimum qualifications above. Copies of income tax papers or other documents listing occupation and total earnings must be submitted. Employees of the City and County of San Francisco may submit performance evaluations showing duties performed to verify qualifying City experience. City employees will receive credit for the duties of the class to which appointed. Credit for experience obtained outside of the employee's class will be allowed only if recorded in accordance with the provisions of Civil Service Commission Rules. Verification may be waived if impossible to obtain. The applicant must submit a signed statement explaining why verification cannot be obtained. Waiver requests will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Failure to provide the required verification, or request for waiver when requested may result in rejection of application. Note : Falsifying one’s education, training, or work experience or attempted deception on the application may result in disqualification for this and future job opportunities with the City and County of San Francisco. Make sure your application and any attachments to the application submitted at the time of filing are complete and accurate and include details on all experience, education, training and other information that qualifies you for this recruitment. Failure to submit a complete and accurate application at the time of filing may result in your ineligibility for this recruitment or inability to receive full credit for scoring purposes. Any new information concerning work experience, education, training and other information that is submitted after the filing deadline may not be used for scoring or considered to determine whether you meet the minimum qualifications. Selection Procedures Applications will be screened for relevant qualifying experience. Additional screening mechanisms may be implemented in order to determine candidates’ qualifications. Only those applicants who most closely meet the needs of the Airport will be invited to participate in the selection process. Applicants meeting the minimum qualifications are not guaranteed advancement to the interview. Transportation Security Administration (TSA) Security Clearance: Candidates for employment with the San Francisco Airport Commission are required to undergo a criminal history check, including FBI fingerprints, and Security Threat Assessment in order to determine eligibility for security clearance and may be required to undergo drug/alcohol screening. Per Civil Service Commission Rule Section 110.9.1, every applicant for an examination must possess and maintain the qualifications required by law and by the examination announcement for the examination. Failure to obtain and maintain security clearance may be basis for termination from employment with the Airport Commission. More information can be found here. Conviction History As a finalist for a job, you will be fingerprinted, and your fingerprints will be sent to the California Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). The resulting report of your conviction history (if any) will be used to determine whether the nature of your conviction (or arrest, in limited circumstances) conflicts with the specific duties and responsibilities of the job for which you are a finalist. If a conflict exists, you will be asked to present any evidence of rehabilitation that may mitigate the conflict, except when federal or state regulations bar employment in specific circumstances, such as: Candidates for positions with the Unified School District and the Community College District may be disqualified from consideration should their conviction history not meet the standards established under the California Education Code. Candidates for positions with the Recreation and Park Department may be disqualified from consideration should their conviction history not meet the standards established under California Public Resources Code 5164. _Having a conviction history does not automatically preclude you from a job with the City._ If you are selected as a finalist, the hiring department will contact you to schedule a fingerprinting appointment. Disaster Service Workers All City and County of San Francisco employees are designated Disaster Service Workers through state and local law (California Government Code Section 3100-3109). Employment with the City requires the affirmation of a loyalty oath to this effect. Employees are required to complete all Disaster Service Worker-related training as assigned, and to return to work as ordered in the event of an emergency. Conclusion Copies of Application Documents Applicants are advised to keep copies of all documents submitted. Submitted documents become a permanent part of the exam record and will not be returned. The hiring department may require applicants to submit the same documents and/or additional documents at a later date. Right to Work All persons entering the City and County of San Francisco workforce are required to provide verification of authorization to work in the United States. General Information Concerning City and County of San Francisco Employment Policies and Procedures Important employment information for the City and County of San Francisco can be obtained online here or hard copy at 1 South Van Ness Avenue, 4th Floor. Terms of Announcement Applicants must be guided solely by the provisions of this announcement, including requirements, time periods and other particulars, except when superseded by federal, state or local laws, rules or regulations. Clerical errors may be corrected by the posting the correction on the Department of Human Resources website at www.jobaps.com/sf. Issued: 8/7/18 Micki Callahan Human Resources Director Department of Human Resources Recruitment ID : 089243 AIR/CR/650-821-2048 Benefits All employees hired on or after January 10, 2009 will be required (pursuant to San Francisco Charter Section A8.432) to contribute 2% of pre-tax compensation to fund retiree healthcare. In addition, most employees are required to make a member contribution towards retirement, ranging from 7.5%-13.25% of compensation. For more information on these provisions, please contact the personnel office of the hiring agency. For more information about benefits, please click here.