As the Minnesota Justice Information Services (MNJIS) IT Delivery and Support Assistant Director, you will provide strategic leadership and management of staff who are responsible for developing, enhancing, and supporting more than 50 criminal justice systems for the Bureau of Criminal Apprehension (BCA), Minnesota Justice Information Services (MNJIS) and statewide criminal justice information integration to meet the ongoing and changing needs of local, state and federal criminal justice agencies as well as public users of criminal justice information. You will also provide oversight to the software development, analysis, infrastructure, service management, and quality assurance functions, as well as the IT managers and staff in who support these areas. You will also serve as a member of the MNJIS Governance Team and provides oversight and decision-making for enterprise priorities and resources. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: Position requires a minimum of six (6) years of experience software delivery and support in a large heterogeneous Service Oriented Architecture AND three (3) years of supervisory or managerial experience. ( _Supervisory or managerial experience must include oversight of staff (e.g. selection, orientation, training, coaching, performance management, etc.)_ Candidates must clearly demonstrate all of the following qualifications in their resume. Experience to include: Working with heterogeneous application technologies, application/middleware/database architectures. Development of complex, multi-tiered software systems, including integration of multiple data sources. Strategic planning, implementation and maintaining production, enterprise-class mission-critical information systems. Financial management and budget planning process Broad general knowledge of the architecture of computing systems hardware, software, networking, and information security concepts. Oversight of employee relations, costs, productivity, hiring, performance management, and retention for direct reports and motivate employees to work in a cooperative manner toward the accomplishment of state, department, division and unit goals. Successful candidate must pass past-employer reference checks and a criminal history verification It is the policy of the Minnesota IT Services that all employees submit to a background investigation prior to employment. The background check may consist of the following components: SEMA4 Records Check (applies to current and former state employees only) Criminal History Check Employment Reference Check Social Security and Address Verification Education Verification MNJIS/CJIS Fingerprinting Drug screen Other mandated checks Minnesota IT Services will not sponsor applicants for work visas. All applicants must be legally authorized to work in the US. Preferred Qualifications: Ability to represent senior management for MNJIS IT with other state agencies, external partners and stakeholder, and vendors for services, products, relationships, relevant negotiations, and issues resolution. Demonstrated experience with extensive strategic and tactical problem-solving and decision-making abilities commensurate with this senior leadership role. Ability to analyze multiple enterprise and disparate issues to provide cost-effective and efficient solutions that coincide with the strategic direction and the portfolio and project management of statewide integration and MNJIS. Ability to effectively collaborate with other MNIT leaders to ensure communication and processes are seamless across division lines. Ability to incorporate priorities, risks, critical success factors, and outcome options so legitimate decisions and solutions are optimized. Communication skills to provide clear and open communication within MNIT, with users/clients, and State decision makers to ensure the transparency of enterprise activities and objectives. Ability to manage a variety of ambiguous situations concurrently and respond or prioritize appropriately. Ability to apply industry, professional and department best practices & polices around IT infrastructure operations and security, service management, change control, event management, etc. General knowledge of state procurement laws and procedures, financial management and budget planning process used by agencies at the State of Minnesota. Application Details Why Work For Us The State of Minnesota IT Services offers a comprehensive benefits package including low cost medical and dental insurance, employer paid life insurance, short and long term disability, pre-tax flexible spending accounts, defined benefit pension plan, tax-deferred compensation plan (457), generous vacation and sick leave, and 11 paid holidays each year. In addition, at the management’s discretion, Minnesota IT Services offers flexible work scheduling, telework options, mentorship opportunities, employee recognition and reward programs, and paid training and development. Join Minnesota IT Services now and stay for a career! How to Apply This vacancy is open for all qualified applicants. RECENTLY SEPARATED VETERANS (RSV): Effective July 1, 2009, legislation provides that the top five RSV applicants who apply and meet the qualifications for a vacancy shall be granted an interview. To qualify, you must meet the following: 1) have separated under honorable conditions from any branch of the armed forces of the United States; 2) have served on active duty for 181 consecutive days or more or for the full period ordered to active duty or have separated by reason of disability incurred while serving on active duty; 3) be a United States citizen or resident alien; and 4) have served in active military service at any time on or after September 11, 2001, as shown on your DD-214 form. To be considered under this legislation, you must: 1) meet all Minimum Qualifications identified in this posting; 2) meet all of the above RSV criteria; and 3) submit a copy of your DD-214 form by the closing date to: MNIT.Recruitment@state.mn.us. Failure to submit your DD-214 form will affect your consideration for an interview under this legislation. If you have already submitted a copy of your DD-214 form to MNIT.Recruitment@state.mn.us , you do not need to resubmit for any additional jobs to which you apply. CERTAIN DISABLED VETERANS: Effective August 1, 2012, legislation provides state agencies with the option to appoint certain disabled veterans on a noncompetitive basis if you: 1) meet service requirements and have a verified service-connected disability rating of at least 30%; 2) provide qualifying documentation verifying the disability; and 3) meet all Minimum Qualifications identified in this posting. To be considered under this legislation you must submit all documentation by the closing date to: MNIT.Recruitment@state.mn.us. Click “Apply” at the bottom of this page. If you are unable to apply online, please contact the job information line at 651.259.3637. For additional information about the application process, go to http://www.mn.gov/careers. Contact If you have questions about the position, contact Cindy Burr at cindy.burr@state.mn.us. AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER The State of Minnesota is an equal opportunity, affirmative action, and veteran-friendly employer. We are committed to providing culturally responsive services to all Minnesotans. The State of Minnesota recognizes that a diverse workforce is essential and strongly encourages qualified women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, and veterans to apply. It is the policy of Minnesota IT Services to provide reasonable accommodations to qualified candidates and employees. If you are an individual with a disability who needs assistance or cannot access the online job application system, please contact the job information line at 651.259.3637 or email careers@state.mn.us. Please indicate what assistance you need. To request an accommodation for an interview, please contact cindy.burr@state.mn.us or contact the hiring manager.