Team Overview Tesla’s Finance BI and Analytics team facilitates better, faster, and more informed decision-making across the business. We do not view business intelligence and analytics as an objective in itself, but as a skillset, toolset, and mindset to achieve this goal. Working side-by-side with the finance team and their respective business partners, we own the entire data value chain: from raw data to visualization and communication to developing our enterprise data ecosystem. The tight integration of our team with the business means we keep pace with constantly evolving needs and strive to not only support but to actively drive better decisions. In this role particular, the analyst will work closely with the Sales, Marketing, Service (SMS) team to develop better insights around but not exclusive to: variance to revenue & SMS opex plans, impact of pricing changes, location-level operating efficiency, fleet utilization & inventory composition. In addition, this role will have the responsibility of maintaining the integrity of the vehicle revenue forecast model. Example Sales, Marketing, and Service projects Vehicle revenue model: Decrease speed to iterate and increase visibility into forecast by transitioning PowerQuery based model to SQL database platform. Better actuals: Scope out data requirements for, and work toward bringing in new visibility into important line items (options, discounts, rate buydown, and referral program). Sales efficiency dashboard: Develop process for updating dashboard with new actuals, validate new data coming through, refresh underlying master data mapping (ex. trim, country), bring in new line items. Help manage increasingly complex permission settings and requirements. Create new ways to visualize data. Automate walks: Develop process and SQL logic for automating q/q walks for actual revenue and opex. Scope out data requirements for, and build toward automating plan vs. actual walks. Inventory data model: Work with business partners to develop better visibility into inventory (showroom, test-drive, service loaner) with the goal of driving more efficient utilization even at the lowest (location) level. Responsibilities Duties are assigned and prioritized based upon the company’s evolving needs and include: Work with finance, IT, and other business partners to drive the development of the data warehouse, master data management system, and reporting and analytics platforms Create the business semantic layer through the creation of clean, reliable, and scalable “single-source-of-truth” data sets Partner with finance analysts to help automate manual workflows and train them in tools and skills to become self-sufficient as needed Perform rigorous analyses on large, complex data sets and provide strategic insights, hypotheses, and conclusions based upon findings Required Qualifications Bachelor's Degree from a top university and 4+ years equivalent experience (finance experience preferred) Experience with commercial and emerging BI databases, technologies, and languages (Microsoft BI stack preferred: SQL Server [SQL], SSIS, SSAS Multidimensional [MDX], and SSAS Tabular [DAX]) Experience with self-service ETL/visualization tools (Tableau, Power BI, Alteryx) Experience with advanced Excel BI functionality and languages (Power Query [M], PowerPivot [DAX]) Experience with data analytics tools and languages (R, Python) Self-starter with demonstrated success in driving positive change in a fast-paced and ambiguous environment Ability to work independently, detail-oriented, and execution focused Strong written and verbal communication skills Highly collaborative and team oriented Genuine passion for clean and reliable data Apply Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program