Graduation from an accredited high school or equivalent plus three (3) years of experience in a warehouse/inventory control related field. Education may substitute for experience up to the maximum of two (2) years. Licenses or Certifications: Valid Texas Class C Driver’s License, if required for the position If required for the position, legally mandated training must be completed within 1 year of employment. Notes to Applicants Working with Austin Water provides a number of health and welfare benefits, such as medical, paid leave time, a great retirement plan, training opportunities and more – click HERE for more information. When completing the City of Austin employment application: > Please be sure to detail on the application all previous employment that you wish to be considered as part of your qualifications. A detailed, complete employment application is required. It helps us to better evaluate your qualifications and will be used to determine salary if you are selected for this position. Be sure to provide job titles, employment dates, and description of duties including any lead or supervisory responsibilities, software and heavy equipment used for all jobs you wish to be considered. A résumé and cover letter may be submitted, but will not substitute for a complete employment application. If you are selected to interview: Your skill level in Microsoft Office Excel and Outlook, Basic Warehouse Knowledge, and Basic Industrial Math will be assessed, with a required minimum passing score of 70%. If you are selected as a top candidate: Verification of your education (which may include high school graduation or GED, undergraduate and/or graduate degrees) will be required. You must provide proof of education from an accredited organization/institution. And are in the military or a veteran, you will need to provide a copy of your DD-214 prior to confirming a start date. Driving Requirement: Applicants must be at least 18 years old, hold a current applicable driver’s license, and have no more than six (6) points assessed on Driver Record Evaluation (DRE). Please review the City of Austin Driving Standards to assess your driving record. DRE will be verified through the Department of Public Safety. Job Offer is contingent on having a driving record that meets the City’s Driver Record Evaluation Standards. Physical Requirements: This position requires the ability to perform tasks that involve bending, lifting, walking, carrying, and using a force equal to lifting up to fifty (50) pounds, with or without accommodations. Pre-Employment Testing Requirements: Selected candidate will be required to complete and pass a physical exam and Functional (FC) strength/agility test (with or without accommodations) to be considered for this position. Effective October 1, 2014, all Austin Water worksite locations are tobacco- free. The use of tobacco products and/or e-cigarettes are not permitted on any AW worksite – including construction sites, parking lot, garage or in any personal vehicle located on the premises. Pay Range $15.12 – $18.46 per hour Hours 7:00 AM – 3:30 PM Monday – Friday Job Close Date 08/14/2018 Type of Posting External Department Austin Water Utility Regular/Temporary Regular Grant Funded or Pooled Position Not Applicable Category Technical Location Hornsby Bend Plant, 2210 S FM 973, Austin, TX 78725 Preferred Qualifications Texas Class C Driver License required Utility or industrial experience Five (5) years inventory management experience Experience using computerized inventory management system Basic skills in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook Skill in basic math and warehousing Must be able to lift 50lbs. Must be able to communicate with the public Forklift operation experience Duties, Functions and Responsibilities Essential duties and functions, pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, may include the following. Other related duties may be assigned. Receives, ships and verifies items assuring items received are accurate; inspecting condition of items; performing operational checks on equipment in inventory, comparing count/measure of items to purchase orders and packing lists, resolving discrepancies, and tracking delayed orders. Documents goods/services purchased, received and/or issued by recording identifying information using the appropriate tracking method and providing status updates to stakeholders on variances. Prepares items for shipment to ensure safe delivery and determines most economical and efficient shipping method. Documents items shipped by recording identifying information of items and transport information. Completes purchase requests by verifying inventory and specifications of purchase requests; preparing stock and equipment requisitions, inputting purchase orders, quotes and service requests, expediting deliveries and assisting with invoice processing. Replaces or repairs damaged or obsolete items using the appropriate tools and following internal guidelines. Resolves discrepancies in receiving by identifying damaged items and shortages and quantity of materials; placing materials in inventory, conferring with various entities to make adjustments; correcting the shortages and obtaining credits. Monitors and/or maintains inventory by applying fundamental control techniques; monitoring inventory level and replenishment lead times, anticipating needed items, updating inventory forecasts, minimum and maximum stock levels, and performing periodic cycle counts / inventories. Monitors inventory by identifying idle, excess and obsolete stock and coordinates disposition as directed. Supports inventory and/or warehouse operations by providing on-the-job training, troubleshooting issues at various phases of the receiving and shipping cycle, and serves as liaison among purchasing, vendors and other staff members to resolve operational issues. Operates various types of equipment including a pallet lift and/or fork lift. Responsibilities \- Supervision and/or Leadership Exercised: None Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Must possess required knowledge, skills, abilities and experience and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Knowledge of fundamental inventory control procedures and systems. Knowledge of office and administrative practices related to purchasing. Skill in oral and written communication. Skill in record keeping and performing detailed work. Skill in data analysis and problem solving. Skill in using computers and related software applications. Skill in handling multiple tasks and prioritizing. Ability to use various types of equipment, including a pallet lift and/or fork lift Ability to perform detailed work in an accurate and organized manner. Ability to establish and maintain good working relationships with other city employees and the public. Does this job require a criminal background investigation? This position requires a criminal background investigation EEO/ADA City of Austin is committed to compliance with the American Disabilities Act. If you require reasonable accommodation during the application process or have a question regarding an essential job function, please call (512) 974-3210 or TTY (512) 974-2445. Information For City Employees: If you are an employee within the department, are in good standing and meet both the minimum and preferred qualifications, then you will receive an initial interview.