Convoy, one of the fastest growing startups in the U.S., is transforming the $800 billion trucking industry. Convoy offers the world's largest companies the best option for moving their freight through its network of thousands of technology-connected trucking companies. Shippers get instant quotes, real- time GPS tracking on all shipments, and actionable business analytics to improve their supply chain. Trucking companies get access to free tools and resources that allow them to find loads they want, drive fuller trucks, and get paid quickly. Convoy is growing quickly and hiring in every area. Come join a company that is literally moving the world forward! Founded in 2015, Convoy is backed by this century's leading disruptors, including the founders and CEOs of Amazon, Salesforce, eBay, Linkedin, Expedia, Dropbox, KKR, Starbucks, and others. Machine learning is core to Convoy’s mission to automate the logistics industry. Today, we use machine learning to figure out freight prices, shipment relevance for carriers, auction bidding strategy, and other internal processes. However, we’ve only begun to scratch the surface of what’s possible and we’re looking for talented engineers who have a mix of core engineering and machine learning skills to join our team. If you have a strong track record of applying machine learning techniques to help solve real-world business problems, we would love to chat! You will have ownership of: Engineering new features into our existing pricing and relevance models Exploring new pricing models to better predict the future Building out our machine learning infrastructure Training new automated agents to streamline operational processes Developing new bidding/auction models to bid on shipments Designing our experimentation framework You have the following skills and experience: 2+ years of successfully applying machine learning to product/business problems Strong grasp of fundamental machine learning techniques General backend software engineering skills Experience writing and deploying production code Experience building and working with data pipelines Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively Python/R/Javascript (Node.js) experience a plus Convoy is an equal-opportunity employer and we are actively seeking a diverse group of people. If you're a collaborative developer who wants to have an outsized impact with a small, tight-knit team, we'd love to hear from you!