The Customer Success Enablement team will play a crucial behind-the-scenes role for our rapidly growing CS team. This team will be critical to establishing tools and processes to position Customer Success for scale and growth. The enablement team will be responsible for the design, development and delivery of our customer success enablement tools and programs. The team will be responsible for content generation and template creation for customer meetings and continuous improvement of the practices and tools which the team uses to serve its customers. Responsibilities: Take a leadership role in building and executing a “best in class” Customer Success (CS) Engagement Model that will be utilized by Customer Success Managers (CSMs) to engage with customers. Identify gaps in current processes that prohibit success; collaborate cross functionally to remove obstacles and redesign processes. Drive the effective utilization and adoption of new CS Enablement model. Suggest, create and maintain processes, procedures, tools, and templates that Customer Success Managers will utilize to engage with customers. Elicit feedback for continuous improvements to the CS Engagement Model. Identify opportunities where automation can positively impact CS delivery. Collaborate cross functionally to identify and generate value-driven content that CSM’s can leverage in customer engagements. Serve as a stakeholder responsible for vetting and implementing a holistic, best-in-class Customer Success ecosystem. Based on the CS Roadmap, plan for necessary domain/technical skill development and create educational plans to enable employees to successfully support the future direction and needs of the Customer Success organization. Qualifications Strong oral and written communication skills, excellent organizational abilities and attention to detail. Well versed in learning change management and best practices in customer success. Experience supporting customer facing teams and/or participating with a Project Management Office. Past experience in a technical writing and training capacity. Experience and success partnering across departments. SharePoint administrator and Salesforce experience a plus. Familiarity with publishing customer facing collateral such as newsletters and automated webinars. LI-POST Corporate overview _You’re empowered when you’re a Kronite._ Want to be part of an elite group of highly skilled professionals? We think our employees are a special group of talented, energetic, and innovative people. And for that reason, we refer to ourselves as Kronites. Kronites care about more than just work. We recognize the need to maintain a healthy work- life balance – to live inspired. In fact, it’s expected! You’ll soon learn that we take work and fun seriously. No matter what position you hold at Kronos, you’re a Kronite. And we want you to feel like you have the power to make a difference in your life and the lives of others, at work and beyond. Want to learn more about our culture? Follow us on Twitter @work4kronos. MyWorkInspired Kronos is a global provider of workforce management and human capital management cloud solutions. Kronos’ industry-specific workforce applications are purpose built for businesses, healthcare providers, educational institutions and government agencies of all sizes. Tens of thousands of organizations – including half of the Fortune 1000® - and more than 40 million people in over 100 countries use Kronos every day. EEO Statement Kronos is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and is committed to maintaining a diverse and inclusive work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, physical or mental disability, age, or veteran status or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law.