Microsoft envisions a world where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envisioning what can be and taking their careers places they simply couldn’t anywhere else. This is a world of more possibility, more innovation, more openness, and sky’s-the-limit thinking – a cloud- enabled world. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. This mission is ambitious and at the core of what our customers and employees care deeply about. We have unique capability in harmonizing the needs of both individuals and organizations. We deeply care about taking our ideals and vision global and making a difference in lives and organizations in all corners of the planet. We are always learning. Insatiably curious. We lean into uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from our mistakes. We build on each other’s ideas, because we are better together. We stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve and are motivated every day to empower others to do more and achieve more through our technology and innovation. Together we make a difference. To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture Check out all of our products at: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us Microsoft aspires to help our customers achieve their own digital transformation, leveraging the power of Microsoft Cloud solutions and services. To this end, Microsoft is investing in a dedicated Customer Success team that will help Microsoft customers successfully adopt Microsoft Cloud solution and services. We are looking for a Data Platform Architect for Advanced Analytics & AI to drive high priority customer initiatives on the Microsoft Data Platform in collaboration with customers and the Microsoft field. This is a customer facing role, responsible for providing end-to-end technical guidance and expertise on the Microsoft Data Platform (Azure and on-premises). Responsibilities This role will own the Advanced Analytics and AI technical customer engagement including: architectural design sessions, specific implementation projects and/or Proofs of Concepts. The ideal candidate will have experience in customer facing roles and success leading deep technical architecture discussions with senior customer executives to drive cloud deployment. Key responsibilities include: Drive the deployment of customer workloads onto Azure Data Services and machine learning to increase their consumption of the Microsoft Data Platform by providing deployment guidance, supporting development of the customers’ cloud adoption model, and providing appropriate recommendations to overcome blockers Develop deep relationships with key customer decision makers, who drive long-term data platform adoption within their company. You will also identify, validate and grow opportunities to accelerate deployment and consumption in your assigned customer accounts, in partnership with the sales team, by driving solution architecture for both Microsoft and 3rd party solutions. You will research, design, implement and validate cutting-edge algorithms to analyze diverse sources of data to achieve targeted outcomes. Pre-sales activities through nurturing, lead generation, opportunity acceleration(up-sell/x-sell) and mitigate churn risks Lead deployment of projects, creation of collateral, and training of sellers and partners in your area of specialization. Working as a part of Japan global account teams worldwide, help customers accelerate digital transformation in global scale. Travel wherever in assigned territory where high growth and/or strategic opportunities are existing to drive adoption and consumption of Azure Maintain technical skills and knowledge, keeping up to date with market trends and competitive insights. Coach other technical sellers to become certified in the required Advanced Analytics and AI technical certifications. Qualifications Experiences Required: Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: Deep understanding of data platform technologies (structured and non-structured), big data (Hadoop, Cloudera, Hortonworks, MapR, Spark, etc.), Microsoft BI technologies, advanced analytics tools, cognitive services, deep neural networks and emerging computing trends Proven track record of building deep technical relationships with senior executives and/or data scientists and growing data platform share in large or highly strategic/global accounts Proven track record of driving decisions collaboratively, resolving conflicts and ensuring follow through with exceptional verbal and written communication Ability to drive and influence vibrant internal/external communities through extremely strong negotiation, organizational, presentation, product demo, writing, and verbal communication skills required Strong sales mind and competitive spirit to win customer projects in competitive cloud market 7+ years of success in complex technical roles including analytics consulting and sales deployment projects (where necessary, managing various stakeholder relationships to get consensus on solution/projects) ideal 5+ years of design, implementation, and/or support of complex application architectures (i.e. having an architectural sense for connecting data sources, data visualization, structured and unstructured data, etc.) required Expertise in analyzing large, complex, multi-dimensional datasets with a variety of tools. You are accomplished in the use of statistical analysis environments such as R, MATLAB, SPSS and SAS. You have experience with BI tools such as PowerBI, Tableau, Qlikview, BusinessObjects or Microstrategy. You’re as comfortable with relational databases as you are with Hadoop-based data mining frameworks. You are familiar with SQL, Scala, Python, Java and C/C++. Leadership experience on major transformation projects and successful transitions to implementation support teams Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences Prior work experience in a Consulting/Architecture/Analyst position within a software and/or services company such as SalesForce, Amazon, Google, IBM/Watson/SPSS/Softlayer, Accenture, Deloitte, KPMG, PwC, HP, Hitachi/Vantara, SAS, Oracle, SAP/Sybase/BusinessObjects Can frequently travel to cities across assigned territory Ph.D. or Master’s Degree in operations research, applied statistics, data mining, machine learning, physics or a related quantitative discipline is desired. Deep understanding of statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine-learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation and optimization algorithms is desired. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.