Position Summary Inventory Control Associate x 2 - Plymouth Meeting The purpose of this role is to support the inventory control team and warehousing functions for equipment owned both by CRF Health owned our customer. You will need to ensure that all equipment is stored in a safe and secure environment and provides accurate accounting of all equipment. The equipment includes handheld devices - mobile phones and tablets, which are used by patients/volunteers or "subjects" to complete questionnaires having taken part in a clinical trial. By capturing robust data we are able to help our clients (pharmaceutical companies) bring new drug to market in a faster timeframe. Responsibilities Manages inventory within the guideline of the “Hardware Revenue Recognition Policy” Organizes and maintains warehouse and inventory for efficient storage and handling Process returns and ensures stock is returned to the correct customer location in the warehouse Ensures good stock control procedures are maintained to allow equipment to be deployed only to the correct study Perform visual validation of received merchandise to description and package details from original purchase order Identify heavy and low turn inventory items and maintain communication reports to management Notify Logistics Manager upon discovery of any irregular use of equipment including any unauthorized loan of equipment Maintain recycling policy for old obsolete equipment Assist in end of year financial audit Promote continual improvement within the inventory control operation Other responsibilities assigned as required. Requirements Accurate data entry and computer skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Excellent organization skills with the ability to prioritize Flexibility concerning work schedule to work additional hours including weekends as and when needed Must be able to deal effectively with all levels of the organization. Must be a team oriented person with a “can do” attitude. CRF Health aspires to be the market leading provider of patient centred eSource technology and service solutions focused on flexibility and innovation, underpinned by deep regulatory and technical knowledge and high- quality service delivery. We have operations in Finland, the US, Romania and the UK and continue to grow in terms of revenues, customer numbers and employees. CRF Health creates electronic Clinical Outcome Assessment (eCOA) solutions that are simple, scalable, and effective. From our collaborative, agile design approach to our user-friendly reporting tools, we streamline complex processes and deliver reliable results for superior clinical trial outcomes. We improve patient engagement with intuitive design, support study teams with tailored scientific insights, and secure high-quality data with precision. Above all, we ease the path to approval. Our personalized service and unparalleled eCOA expertise helps sponsors bring new medicine to market quickly and cost-effectively, improving lives across the world. More information on CRF Health to be found at www.crfhealth.com If this role isn't quite right for you then click here and search on all our current vacancies. How do the decisions in the design and analysis of mode equivalence studies affect study outcomes? Learn more