At Micro Focus, everything we do is based on a simple idea: The fastest way to get results is to build on what you have. Our software solutions enable organizations to do just that. Secure and scalable, with analytics built in, they bridge the gap between existing and emerging IT—fast-tracking digital transformations across DevOps, Hybrid IT, Security, and Predictive Analytics. In the race to innovate, Micro Focus customers have the clear advantage. Our portfolio spans the following areas: DevOps | IT Operations| Cloud | Security | Info Governance | Big Data, Machine Learning, & Analytics Data Engineer About the role: Summary: The Electronic Data Discovery project manager is responsible for coordinating, managing and performing EDD data processing activities. Responsibilities: Manage and ensure timely completion of all processing performed on assigned projects. Coordinate processing activity between shifts. Ensure all billing and reports are accurate. Provide client consultation with constructing searches and filters. Troubleshoot data and system related issues and escalate appropriately. Identify areas for process improvement. Ensure that all quality control checks are being performed for all processing. Ensure all chain of custody procedures are followed and maintained for each project. Ensure all Standard Operating Procedures are being followed for assigned projects. Troubleshoot and debug application and infrastructure problems found in the production and non-production environments. Skills and Experience Required: Must have systems administration experience managing Unix systems (Linux, Solaris, AIX, etc.), preferably Linux Experience with Perl, PHP, software development (Java,C,C++) and/or shell scripting Experience with one or more email technologies (Exchange, Notes, sendmail, Apache James) desired 2 years working with litigation support databases and/or case management at a major U.S. law firm preferred One (1), or more, years of electronic data discovery experience (data extraction, tape restoration, scanning, coding, etc.) preferred Experience working with clients on business solutions Experience working in the Litigation Support department of a major law firm is a plus Ability to manage risks, priorities and expectations in a fast-paced environment Superior technical and business problem-solving skills and judgment Excellent written, oral and listening skills Domain experience in software development (MS preferred), managed application hosting, systems knowledge, database management, operations, process design and / or litigation support services a plus Ability to balance the requirements of satisfying customers and meeting profit targets Education: Business or CS related degree. LI-GC2