Job Summary Develops and ensures proper execution by other team members of innovative analytical and/or statistical methodologies and supporting complex tools for evaluating Company processes, business problems, and/or ROI of products and services. Leads the technical development of the largest most complex models and tools by developing, reviewing and approving methodologies to help resolve multifaceted business problems within the organization. Job Responsibilities Acts as subject matter expert and advisor on topic of the largest most complex analytical tools, enterprise data systems and/or analytical methodologies for the company. Develops and ensures proper execution by other team members of the most complex innovative data visual presentation strategies to ensure data is conveyed in meaningful and interpretive formats for all audience levels. Develops and ensures proper execution by other team members of the most complex large scale innovative analytical and/or statistical methodologies and supporting tools for evaluating Company processes, business problems, and/or ROI of products and services. Answers largest most complex questions from the field. Manages the distribution of field support work among the pricing analysts to ensure all issues are resolved in a timely manner. Serves as industry leader and subject matter expert in one or more areas for most complex methodologies/models. Creates and oversees the training schedule of new employees as well as participate in a significant amount of training for new and existing employees. Provides analytical guidance, mentoring, and coaching to the team and peers. Develops and maintains an automated process to identify data and process integrity issues. Provides leadership with detailed recommendation for issue resolution. Identifies both up and down stream impact of identified issues and fully communicates with any impacted parties. Develops timely, innovative, objective analysis which leads to fact-based solutions for strategic business issues. Identifies, formulates, and drives problem definition and hypothesis formulation as it relates to the specific business environment. Synthesizes externally syndicated data with internal experience. Prepares standard and ad hoc management reports and presentations for more complex projects. Utilizes query based tools to create and run queries used for data mining and analytics to support other job responsibilities and ad hoc projects. Leads the technical development; ensures proper execution of most complex models and tools used to compare executed contract terms and conditions to parameters included in internal and external data sources. Identifies data source deficiencies among company data and suggests path to resolve. Reviews and approves methodologies identified in the compliance monitoring program to include evaluation of definitions, price increase maintenance and network identification. Reviews and approves improvements to standard model assumptions and multifaceted business problems within the organization. Updates processes, using findings from performance monitoring (For example, adding order logic steps to improve on data matching). Works closely with the business users and IT resources, consulting and understanding their needs, establishing realistic expectations, developing analytical work plans around problems, owning the development and delivery of work plans and then delivering back to the client. Provides consulting services related to data analysis, analytic tools, and enterprise analytic architecture. Works cross functionally with line peers in Sales, Finance, Law, Contract Development, and Contract Operations. Responsible for meeting all company directives, contractual or otherwise, as it relates to assigned client portfolio and delegating supporting functions to direct reports as appropriate. Walgreens, one of the nation's largest drugstore chains, is included in the Retail Pharmacy USA Division of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc., the first global pharmacy-led, health and wellbeing enterprise. More than 10 million customers interact with Walgreens each day in communities across America, using the most convenient, multichannel access to consumer goods and services and trusted, cost-effective pharmacy, health and wellness services and advice. Walgreens operates 8,175 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Walgreens omnichannel business includes Walgreens.com. Approximately 400 Walgreens stores offer Healthcare Clinic or other provider retail clinic services. As the neighborhood drugstore and retailer, our goal is to make health and happiness simpler, easier and within reach. And we remain a trusted wellness provider offering convenient access to important health services, such as immunizations and an array of pharmacy services that can help patients improve their health. To our team members, Walgreens represents a unique opportunity to excel in their careers in a welcoming and inclusive environment. We offer the chance to work in a truly supportive environment, and be a part of a progressive organization dedicated to the well-being of our customers, team members and the communities we all call home. Bachelor's Degree and at least 2 years of experience in Finance, Economics, Accounting, Math, Business, Actuarial Science, or Computer Science OR High School Diploma / GED and at least 5 years of experience in Finance, Economics, Accounting, Math, Business, Actuarial Science, or Computer Science. Experience with Pharmacy Industry related business practices, data and pricing methodologies. Experience establishing and maintaining key relationships with internal (peers, business partners and leadership) and external (business community, clients and vendors) within a matrix organization to develop strategies that meet department goals within budget and timelines. Experience developing ways of accomplishing goals with no supervision, depending upon oneself and proper delegation to resolve issues to ensure completed objectives and determining when escalation of issues is necessary. Experience using time management skills such as prioritizing/organizing and tracking details and meeting deadlines of multiple projects with varying completion dates. Experience in diagnosing, isolating, and resolving complex business issues and recommending and implementing strategies to resolve problems. Experience overseeing the performance of direct or indirect reports and being held accountable for their deliverables. Advanced level skill in Microsoft Excel (for example: using AVERAGE function, merging and centering cells, printing centered page and/or creating a pivot table). Advanced level skill in Microsoft PowerPoint (for example: changing picture styles, customizing animation and/or setting automatic slide timings). Advanced level skill in Microsoft Word (for example: adding developer tab, creating a macro, formatting table style, inserting comments and/or creating a mail merge). Advanced level skill in Microsoft Access. At least 1 year of assisting with or managing departmental expense and capital budgets. At least 1 year of experience of cross functional team leadership. Willing to travel up to 15% of the time for business purposes (within state and out of state). Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science or Information Systems. Master’s Degree / MBA. Experience with advanced coding languages (e.g. SAS, SQL, C++, etc.). Experience with system administration (e.g. PROS, Vendavo, Vistaar, Salesforce.com, SharePoint, Wikis, etc.). Experience utilizing business intelligence tools in support of data analytics (e.g. Business Objects, Cognos, Tableau, PROS, etc.). Certified as a SalesForce administrator or developer. Experience in coaching, mentoring, and training less senior team members. Experience designing and executing financial models in support of complex business initiatives. Experience communicating with executive level leadership both internally and to client organizations. Experience with project management (for example: planning, organizing, and managing resources to bring about the successful completion of specific project goals and objectives). Experience with systems such as Remedy and GIS preferred. Experience with data extraction, data mining, data acquisition, data profiling, data warehouse management, and statistical concepts. At least 3 years working in a data warehouse/business intelligence/decision support systems environment or at least 2 years of IT experience.