Project Manager Computershare is a global market leader in transfer agency and share registration, employee equity plans, mortgage servicing, proxy solicitation and stakeholder communications. We also specialize in corporate trust, bankruptcy, class action and utility administration, and a range of other diversified financial and governance services. Founded in 1978, Computershare is renowned for our expertise in high integrity data management, high volume transaction processing and reconciliations, payments and stakeholder engagement. Many of the world’s leading organizations partner with us to streamline and maximize the value of relationships with their investors, employees, creditors and customers. Computershare is represented in all major global financial markets and has over 16,000 employees worldwide who are key to delivering exceptional value and outcomes. Our career opportunities span many business units, including Computershare Loan Services and Kurtzman Carson Consultants – join our growing team of financial services professionals! Job Summary Work closely with a team of SQL & Oracle DBA’s in the design, implementation, and support of enterprise standard databases based on business requirements. You’ll drive the implementation new technologies, stabilization, and security strategies. Install and support new software and tools. Plus, you’ll be responsible for various database activities, which includes monitoring, tuning, capacity, troubleshooting, and consulting. Position Responsibilities & Essential Functions Performance tuning and capacity planning Complete requests and research inquiries from customers Integration of acquisitions into the CTS platform stack. Database migrations to most recent versions. Documentation and standardization. Participate in an on-call rotation Other duties or tasks as assigned by management. The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Skills Required: Have effective communication skills both verbally and written Ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment Ability to work through complex issues PC literate and have a knowledge of Microsoft Office Products TSQL coding, debugging and performance tuning Knowledge of SQL Server Components (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS) Experience with high availability solutions such as but not limited to Always On Availability Groups and Database Mirroring Preferred: Advanced use of MS Office and Internet information sources and applications. Experience with virtualized environments. Knowledge and experience of Windows Powershell Experience with disaster recovery Knowledge on SQL Server DMV’s and ways to correlate data to diagnose issues Basic understanding of network topologies and SAN technologies. General understanding of active directory, e-mail, collaboration, web, monitoring and management, database, storage, load balancing, NetBIOS, VPN, backups, data replication concepts, change management concepts, and project planning. Education and Experience Required: Bachelor's degree (B. A.) from four-year college or university; or two to four years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Minimum 3 years related experience Experience in supporting and administering large scale, enterprise level software systems Travel Required: It is expected that this position may include travel up to 10% of the time. This is subject to change based on many factors, including business needs. Language Ability: Ability to read/analyse/interpret business periodicals/ journals/technical procedures/gov. regulations; write reports/business correspondence/procedure manuals; effectively present information/respond to questions from managers/clients/customers/public. Mathematical Ability: Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages, area, circumference, and volume. Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry. Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the environment is moderate. Physical Requirements: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to sit, stand, walk, and reach with hands and arms, and use hands to finger, handle, or feel. The employee may occasionally have reason to lift up to 10 pounds. The vision requirements include close and distant vision. Computershare is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by applicable law. This job specification should not be construed to imply that these requirements are the exclusive standards of the position. Incumbents will follow any other instructions and perform any other related duties as may be required by business needs and communicated by their supervisor.