Much has been said and written about FCA and the state of the American automotive industry, but the most important part of the story is being written now. FCA is creating a global industrial powerhouse. Every new day and new challenge brings the opportunity to drive your future. You’ll get involved. You’ll take risks. You’ll leave your mark. Come and blaze new trails with us! The FCA Quality organization is currently seeking a solutions-oriented Resident Engineer to join the quality team at Trenton Engine in Trenton, MI. The Resident Engineer will report to the Resident Engineering Manager of Corporate Quality and will lead all quality systems/programs, provide technical expertise to hourly and manufacturing salary personnel at Trenton facility and collaborate with Plant Manufacturing and Engineering operations to champion FCA’s quality improvement efforts across all functional areas. The Resident Engineer will apply advanced problem solving and engineering knowledge to identify risks and create risk mitigation plans to resolve production and quality system deficiencies. The selected candidate will oversee and review project deliverables throughout the project lifecycle ensuring the product meets or exceeds customers’ needs and expectations. Specific responsibilities are: Support Corporate Quality objectives/deliverables and communicate customer demands to all groups involved to ensure organizational success Provide expert technical leadership in coordinating and directing cross functional teams in the application of quality initiatives Provide clear direction to skilled and non-skilled trades in the operation of product testing and evaluation to generate necessary quality test data Collaborate and lead internal and external resources to maintain strong customer relationships with dedication to the program schedule Protect product design intent and function while assisting with identification and solutions of manufacturing constraints Deliver statistical analysis of data on competition, customer direction, product performance, employee performance and perception of the customer to the manufacturing team members Provide technical direction to employees regarding root cause analysis, issue resolution and establish corrective actions serving as the Subject Matter Expert (SME) within the manufacturing facility Interpret released engineering designs, specifications, materials and standards for hourly and salary personnel Engineer process variation reduction Employ advanced problem solving expertise to correct unfavorable variances and communicate alternative measures to mitigate engineering, timing and/or financial issues Empowered (hold authority) to cease and commence product related activities in relation to quality related issues Lead teams to identify risks/hazards associated with product designs, processes, applications, applying lessons learned, and assist in the generation of FMEA’s and associated Control Plans. Provide supervision necessary to perform, administer or direct rework/repair methods and processes in compliance with engineering standards