As the Information Company, our mission at OpenText is to create software solutions and deliver services that redefine the future of digital. Be part of a winning team that leads the way in Enterprise Information Management. The opportunity: The Network Engineer will provide project-oriented network configuration and design, utilizing best practices for enterprise data center infrastructure. Working in a collaborative environment, the engineer will suggest and implement solutions relating to all aspects of a highly complex network infrastructure to see all assigned projects through to completion. The ideal candidate will think outside the box to solve complex problems, while working with other teams to deliver the best possible solutions in a timely manner. This position does require after hours/on call support work. You are great at: Planning, designing, and implementing solutions to the networking needs of the business. Coordinating hardware and software upgrades while working with key stakeholders. Providing support of routers, switches, firewalls and load balancers (physical and virtual). Planning and recommending design that could improve the existing network environment. Implementing networking best practices and standards throughout the infrastructure. Creating and updating documentation (to include Visio diagrams) relating to all implementations. Participating and providing feedback into the day to day Network Operations. Participating in support through the ticketing system using a defined change process. Designing and implementing monitoring solutions. Providing analysis of network capacity and health. What it takes: Minimum 3 years’ experience working with various network devices Minimum 2 years’ experience in general Network Engineering Minimum 1 year of experience working with F5 BIG-IP LTM Load Balancers Experience with Network Devices: Routers, Switches, Firewalls, Load Balancers Excellent analytical, troubleshooting and communications skills. Experience with design, build and support of network infrastructure. Proficient with tools to collect network statistic utilizing protocols (SNMP, NetFlow, etc…) Experience working with virtual networks and virtual network devices is highly desired. Deep understanding of DNS and how it relates to the network. Network Skills: o F5 BIG-IP LTM (SSL/TLS, DNS) o Firewall Policies: ACL, IPsec VPN, Remote Access VPN o Network Protocols: TCP/IP, Layer2 & Layer3 switching o Routing Protocols: EIGRP, BGP, DMVPN o Trunking Protocols: VLAN, SVI, 802.1q, LACP, vPC