The Archive Sales Technical Operations Coordinator is responsible for the order fulfillment of the Archives Sales team, and footage sales websites. The coordinator will also provide technical assistance to both internal and external clients, in addition to processing screener and master videos files, in the most efficient and accurate way. This role requires a high degree of attention to detail, clear and concise communication with both clients and internal resources to guarantee seamless delivery of services and content. Multi-tasking and time management are critical, as the Archive Sales Technical Operations Coordinator must organize and prioritize the work load to meet tight delivery deadlines. The Technical Operations Coordinator is a problem-solver with a “can do” and friendly attitude in meeting client requests and deadlines. The candidate must be willing to be flexing with start early or end late depending on the work load. Responsibilities: Accurately fulfil sales work orders submitted by Account Managers and Sales Researchers. Work closely with the Research, Account Managers and other Operations teams to efficiently, and accurately fulfil client requests. Understand the NBC News Archive Sales content, rights and clearances, and service in order to effectively review orders during fulfilment process. Contribute to the work flows of our sales websites, and assist in troubleshooting. Be knowledgeable of all the different formats handled by the archives, their limitations, and the different ways to ingest them. Give advice on different formats and best practices. Troubleshoot work flows and coordinate maintenance if necessary. Submit IT Tickets for departmental requests or issues. Assist in creating marketing videos for our sales websites. Qualifications/Requirements Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited four year college or university required. Minimum of 1 year of Video Editing experience, preferably with AVID Media Composer. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Strong computer skills (incl. Excel, CRM, etc.). Salesforce Knowledge. Additional Job Requirements: Interested candidate must submit a resume/CV through www.nbcunicareers.com to be considered Must be willing to work in New York Desired Characteristics Driven, highly motivated person that can problem solve. Detail oriented with ability to maintain accurate records. Strong organizational and time management skills. Knowledge of footage industry preferred. Strong knowledge and interest in popular culture, history, US & world news, geography, etc. Strong organizational and time management skills. Sub-Business News Group Career Level Experienced City New York State/Province New York Country United States About Us At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us. Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.