Assist clients in product selection, strategy, development, implemenation and change management of Microsoft BI and Azure Implementations. Use your broad understanding of cloud and on premise BI tools to create viable implementations for global customers. Ensure best practices are utitilized to maximize customer value. Job Location : Could be Any of the Major Hub Cities (Dallas, Chicago, Atlanta or East Coast Cities ) Level : Higher Level Roles (Senior, Lead, Manager) are available for Candidates with additional work experience Travel Required : 75% Travel to Client Cities If you need any form of Visa sponsorship (CPT, OPT, H-1B, EAD,…) now or in future then this role is not applicable for you 10+ years of IT and 6-8+ years of relevant technology architecture consulting or industry experience to include: Analytics + Information Management experience (Business Intelligence Reporting, Data Warehouse/ETL), Data analysis experience with BI tools, Performance tuning of queries and report calculations. Deep understanding of non Microsoft technologies desired (OBIEE, SAP BOBJ, Cognos, etc). Experience with Azure and related Microsoft DW and reporting tools (SSRS, SSAS) is required Experience with AWS is desired. Expertise in Microsoft Power BI is mandatory Must understand infrastructure (Security, Governance, Cloud Deployment strategies) to be successful in this role. This role requires an organized, strong communicator with a passion for successful outcomes. Candidates will be interviewed for technical expertise in addition to soft skills Excellent Pay Excellent Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, AD&D, Dependent Life, Short Term and Long Term Disability Benefits 401(k) plan administered through employee fiduciary Visual BI is a specialist provider of SAP Business Intelligence & Analytics solutions that helps enterprises look forward and think ahead by adopting cutting-edge BI solutions. Headquartered in Plano, TX, Visual BI has quickly grown to be recognized as one of the leaders in this space by customers and partners. In addition to providing BI solutions to enterprise clients, Visual BI also boasts of a strong R&D team that has developed 50+ custom add-ons for products such as SAP Dashboards and SAP Design Studio. Visual BI is also an SAP services, solutions and reseller partner.