Revionics, the leading provider of SaaS-based pricing, promotion, and markdown solutions, is seeking a Price Strategist to help our clients use the Revionics product suite. You will work with a set of named accounts to answer questions about the software, train new client team members, educate and advise clients on new features, troubleshoot issues with the Revionics product suite, and provide yearly value measurement presentations to the client’s executive suite. Who you are: You are an individual who understands that the most exciting and creative aspects of retail is determining what price to sell your products You know how to apply the science with the tools to produce and influence superb results You are a collaborative individual who can partner with our science, product management, engineering, systems engineering, and implementation teams to ensure seamless support for our clients You are an enthusiastic coach for our executive clients, pricing teams, and merchants on use of our tool and best practices You respond to customer and business escalations with a sense of urgency and a high degree of follow through What you Have/Can Do as a Minimum: Bachelor’s Degree Strong proficiency in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, and PowerPoint) Familiarity with retail software packages Three to five years of experience in pricing, optimization, and pricing optimization solutions Strong written and verbal communication skills Demonstrated experience interacting with executive leadership within customer organizations Ability to travel up to 15% What you can Do to Stand Out: MBA Familiarity with statistical concepts such as normal curves, confidence intervals, statistical significant, bias, thresholds, forecast accuracy, sensitivity analysis, and mean average percent error. Experience with Revionics solutions Experience supporting SaaS products Experience with SQL Experience with business intelligence tools, such as Tableau or Cognos Who We Are: Predictive. Prescriptive. Profitable Retailing. We provide SaaS-based pricing, promotion, markdown and space solutions. Retailers in all segments across the world adopt our self-funding model to improve top-line sales, demand, and margin. Our customers gain that competitive edge and improve their value proposition while outmaneuvering competitor price aggressiveness. During the days of first-generation price optimization solutions, at a time where science in retail was viewed as voodoo, our founder Jeff Smith nurtured the concept that there could be a better way. He went on to form Revionics around that new-generation vision, and to this day we remain committed to his goal: To help retail businesses and everyday users solve complex pricing challenges leveraging the latest machine learning science with a completely transparent process, usable in an intuitive way that fits into retailers’ normal business flows. Our company success is based on our 4 foundational pillars: A SaaS-based architecture for fast ROI Productized, transparent science Machine Learning algorithms that continue to evolve with changing market conditions and shopper behaviors for built-in future proofing A supportive culture focusing on both our people and customers’ well-being. Our Core Values: Integrity: Be honest, dependable and complete Transparency: Anticipate questions and give clear, usable answers. Continuous Improvement: Be relentless about improvement – for ourselves and our customers Curiosity: Shine lights in dark corners; seek to ensure we know what we don’t know Accountability: Own the problem and the solution Dedication: Don’t stop until the numbers are right and systems are up Humility: Put the spotlight on our customers, not ourselves