Purpose The person in this position will spearhead the day-to-day operations for a small UT research team, which will work collaboratively with the Austin Police Department and community stakeholders to evaluate the effectiveness of a community policing and community engagement focused grant funded by the Dept. of Justice. Essential Functions To perform responsible research and administrative work involving a federally- funded research project. Responsible for the complete planning and scheduling of research project and assignment of project work to staff members. Performs complete planning of research project to be undertaken and allocates research assignments. Supervises, checks and advises research staff on progress of research work assigned from commencement through distribution of published results, including securing IRB approval. Supervises the inquiry and consulting services provided by the organization for interest groups on and off the campus, relating to the kind of research performed. Confers with officers of various public and private organizations and institutions to discuss problems in their field requiring research or which may be the subject of current research. Conducts original research of an advanced nature in a specialized field in collaboration with other members of the research team and key stakeholders. Writes reports on the results of the research findings. Performs related duties as required. Make public appearances and address professional or civic organizations and other interested groups. May supervise the business and personnel operations of the particular research area. Marginal/Incidental functions Other related functions as assigned. Required qualifications Ph.D. degree require in social work, criminology, or public policy. Four years of related experience with a Ph.D., or six years of experience with a master's degree or eight years of experience with a bachelor's degree. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Preferred Qualifications Strong background in statistics and research methods, with a preference for applicants with experience conducting criminal justice research. Applied knowledge of multiple statistical software packages. Working conditions May work around standard office conditions Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation Use of manual dexterity Some evening hours to attend community meetings. A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus