What you’ll be doing... The Security Control Center (SCC) is part of the Verizon Security Assistance Team (VSAT) which falls under the Public Policy, Law and Security organization. The SCC is a 24/7/365 security operation that provides specialized customer service assistance on behalf of the Verizon Corporate Security Team. The SCC has direct responsibility for the following: The Unlawful Call Center Report Line – This includes interfacing with end-user customers and law enforcement to resolve unlawful call cases and providing information on products that can help mitigate unlawful calls. Conducts investigations to determine perpetrator for victims of unlawful or nuisance calls for both residential and business customers and relay special instructions to be followed during the course of the investigation. The Security Hotline – This includes handling inbound and outbound calls/referrals for a variety of Verizon security related issues, domestic and international, for Verizon and Verizon Wireless. SCC Analysts are the voice of Security to Verizon employees and prepare initial reports for all Verizon investigative teams. The SCC is the initial reporting vehicle for allegations of fraud and abuse against Verizon, including reports of Cyber Incidents and Privacy violations. The SCC is the single point of contact for all Verizon Security issues and personnel. Law Enforcement Assistance Line – This includes providing assistance to LE for all Emergency/Life Threatening situations to include but not limited to; 911 traces, kidnappings, bomb threats, hostage/barricades and release of non-pub numbers in emergency situations, emergency court orders and other volatile/emergency situations that arise. The SCC deals with sensitive situations affecting Verizon, Law Enforcement Agencies (LEA) and 911 Public Service Answering Points (PSAP) on a national scale. Analysts must be able to process orders to trap and trace life-threatening or annoying telephone calls through receipt of proper legal request. The SCC also logs and processes legal demands, e.g., subpoenas, orders, etc. and responds to law enforcement questions related to the subpoena compliance process. Shifts include overnight and weekends. You will be required to work 1 st (11pm – 7:30am) or 3 rd shift (3:00pm – 11:30pm) for all or the majority of the year. Shifts may fluctuate based on needs of the business. You will be required to work a minimum of 2 holidays to ensure 24x7x365 coverage. Loingg and processing legal demands served upon Verizon. Assisting end-user customer and law enforcement inresolvingunlawful call cases and provide information on products that can help mitigate unlawful calls. Monitoring, responding, and supporting the 24/7/365 Security Central Desk function for entire Verizon (wireline and wireless) footprint. Monitoring various Security related email boxes investigating and responding to customer and employee questions, concerns and allegations of violations of the Code of Conduct and the law. Handlingcalls from Law Enforcement Agencies and government agencies into Verizon’s Crisis Response Team and assisting with obtaining emergency telecommunications services following disasters. Assisting LE and 911 Public Service Answering Points (PSAP) with emergency call traces: 911 traces, active traces, bomb threats, kidnappings, last call buffers hostage/barricades, VOL IP emergency requests and special computer searches. Following established processes and procedures in the release of customer information to Law Enforcement Agencies including non-published numbers in emergency life threatening situations Applying critical thinking skills to complex problems and providinginternal and external customers with practical solutions to these problems. Handlinglegal requests made by Law Enforcement (local, state and federal). Out of hours and emergency backup for all VZ Corporate Security Offices/Personnel. Handlingescalated calls or matters in a courteous, professional and expeditious manner. Performing In-Charge duties as required and/or work on assigned projects as directed by supervisors or manager. Reporting and escalatingevents and exigent situations in a timely manner to upper management and other key personnel when necessary. Strictly adheringto confidentiality as well as protecting the identity of callers, clients, as well as company assets. Although not a requirement, some functions of the organization may require application and passage of U.S. Government Secret (F.I.S.A.) Clearance. What we’re looking for... You’ll need to have: Bachelor's degree or one or more years of work experience. One or more years of relevant work experience. Experience working in customer service. Must be able to work voluntary and mandatory overtime, when required. Must be able to perform shift-work (nights, weekends and holidays). Even better if you have: Excellent interpersonal, customer service, communications, analytical problem solving and critical thinking skills. Ability to make critical, independent decisions in volatile and emergency life threatening situations with minimal supervision. Excellent computer skills, including a working knowledge of Windows, Excel, Word, Outlook and Adobe PDF files. Familiarity with Verizon Corporate structure and the Verizon Code of Business Conduct. Good working knowledge of wireline and wireless telephony network and operations Possess a good working knowledge of Verizon legacy and web-based applications. Specific system knowledge should include, but is not limited to: COFEE Anywhere, STORC, Datashare, vREPAIR, Access Guardian, RADAR, BIAS, CDCT, MARS, RRT, Global Call Search, eCarrier (Usage Repository), InfoManager – VzW, LERG, LNP, NTAG, Office Profiles, and TSM. Familiarity with Avaya One X ACD system is a plus. Ability to read and understand legal documents including, but not limited to Subpoenas and Court Orders. When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.