About Covanta Environmental Solutions: Covanta Environmental Solutions (CES) offers comprehensive industrial material management services to companies seeking solutions to some of today's most complex environmental challenges. With a nationwide network of treatment, recycling and energy-from-waste facilities, Covanta Environmental Solutions enables customers to mitigate risk and reach their sustainability goals. For more information, visit www.covanta.com/Our-Solutions . About Covanta: Covanta is a world leader in providing sustainable waste and energy solutions. Annually, Covanta’s modern Energy-from-Waste facilities safely convert approximately 20 million tons of waste from municipalities and businesses into clean, renewable electricity to power one million homes and recycle approximately 500,000 tons of metal. Through a vast network of treatment and recycling facilities, Covanta also provides comprehensive industrial material management services to companies seeking solutions to some of today’s most complex environmental challenges. For more information, visit www.covanta.com . Information on our facilities is available at www.covanta.com/Covanta-Map . For career opportunities, visit www.covanta.com/Careers . Covanta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. As an Operations Coordinator , you will be working side by side with our Technical Services Coordinator, Controller, Material Profile Manager and Director of Operations within a Pharmaceutical Reverse Distributor. This is a key role as you will have direct contact with our clients while working to support the needs of various groups that manage and lead CES. The Operations Coordinator reports to the Technical Services Coordinator and will perform full cycle Customer Service to include but not limited to: Directly working with customers Data entry Assisting in pharmaceutical inventory functions. Accompany team members on customer pickups and destruction runs. Compile supporting documentation for accounting, invoice distribution, customer queries and collections. Assist with the AP cycle Reception duties Administrative support to the Director of Operations, Material Profile Manager and Technical Services Coordinator Position Requirements Position Requirements: Pharmaceutical experience is preferred; Certified Pharmacy Technicians are encouraged to apply High School Diploma/GED Valid State Driver's License Minimum 3-4 years experience Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite Good commumication skills, both written and oral Must be consistently dependable and trustworthy Attention to detail is a must Ability to work independently and as part of a team Ability to lift and move up to 30 pounds Walking and/or standing and/or sitting for extended periods of time is required Exposure to hot and/or humid conditions LI-COV