JOB SUMMARY: Puget Sound Energy (PSE), the largest energy utility in Washington, is seeking to fill an IT Security Architect role. Join a team of architects working across the enterprise landscape to plan, design, and secure the technology capabilities powering a forward looking energy utility. The security architect acts as a senior information security leader providing support to ensure applicable security protection policies, procedures, guidelines and best practices, are established and followed. Performs Security Risk Assessments by analyzing computing environments to determine potential vulnerabilities, recommends controls to mitigate risk, and performs reviews to evaluate compliance with established policies and procedures. This position interfaces cross-functionally with IT, business units, and industry technology providers to assess and develop security architecture. Within IT, works with Security/Risk, Application, and Infrastructure owners in the evaluation of secure enterprise technology, business capabilities, and company information. Additionally, the security architect works with the security engineering team to ensure that security controls are defined and integrated into enterprise technology environments. JOB REQUIREMENT: JOB RESPONSIBILTY: • Develop and maintain enterprise level IT security architecture. Develop priorities and planning guiding the implementation of security policies and standards throughout enterprise. Develop and educate IT team members regarding IT security technical reference models. Develop and maintain IT security policies. Support key programs and projects by reviewing security architecture design and controls. Support vulnerability assessments on various types of networks and systems. Analyze output from network vulnerability assessments and recommend mitigation strategies. Identify and develop security selection criteria for vendor technology selections. Assist in designing the deployment of security technology. Assess and socialize emerging security technologies and security community trends to create awareness within IT. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: BS degree in Computer Science, MIS, or related technical field. 15 years’ experience working with technology architecture and design. 10 years’ experience working in a large-scale IT environment. Ability to translate short- and long-range strategic plans for architecture into design and implementation of current and future applications. Has deep experience in multiple technology domains, (application, infrastructure, cloud, mobile/collaboration, security, integration), and a broad understanding of how the technology integrates and interacts at the enterprise level. Is able to influence with credibility across the IT organization and business stakeholders. Excellent interpersonal, oral/presentation and written communication skills in both technical and non-technical language. Strong leadership, project and team building skills - ability to lead teams and drive projects and initiatives by working effectively with others with a demonstrated ability to work cross-departmentally. Conceptual and analytical thinker – ability to extract, analyze and document complex business and technical requirements/strategies from customers and IT team members. DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 2-5 years working with security in the AWS or Azure cloud service environments. Familiarity working with integration security. (API’s, ESB, micro-services) Experience with information compliance controls and frameworks. (PII, SOX, HIPAA) Experience with authentication and authorization frameworks. (SAML, OAuth) Experience working with a range of security technologies. (firewalls, IDS/DDoS, end-point protection, VPN, DLP, CASB, WAF, PKI, SEIM, PAM, AAA) Familiar with NIST and DHS security resources. Experience or familiarity with NERC-CIP compliance requirements. Experience with one or more applications development languages such as Ruby on Rails, Java, C/C++, .NET. Familiarity with VMware ESXi hypervisor. Experience with server hardening frameworks for Linux/Unix and Windows. Effective communicator, both written and verbal, with presentation and meeting facilitation experience. Experience with mobile device management technologies. (VMware AirWatch, Workspace ONE) Experience working with mobile device security. (iOS, Android, Windows 10)