Founded in 1997, Homesite Insurance is one of the first companies to enable customers to purchase home insurance directly online during a single visit. Since then, we've continued to innovate rapidly to meet the needs of our customers and their changing expectations. One thing that's stayed the same since our founding: our commitment to our customers, partners and employees. As we continue to grow, our insurance offerings continue to expand. Today, Homesite offers insurance coverage for Home, Renters, Condo, Small Business, Auto, Term Life and Flood. Homesite is proud to be a part of the American Family Mutual Insurance Company. As the Data Warehouse Engineer, you will serve as a programmer and analyst in the development for Homesite’s data warehouse and business intelligence solutions/reports requested by Homesite Insurance management, statutory entities, and other internal and external customers. This position will be an integral part of the IT Data Warehouse team who are responsible for developing and enhancing the data warehouse, fulfill DOI data calls, internal and external data requests and analytic capabilities of the company. Responsibilities Develop/ maintain/ Schedule SSRS reports using Microsoft BIDS and deploy them to Sharepoint. Develop and maintain ETL processes using Microsoft BI Stack (SSAS, SSIS, SSRS) and database administration skills Documenting technical requirements / modifications for the design of new reports Analyze, develop and automate DOI data requests, Internal and external data calls/reports using SQL, SSIS, SSRS, and SharePoint. Working with guidance from architects to develop an improved ETL process Partnering with business users to scope programming efforts and develop time estimates Assessing potential limitations and risks associated with the solutions Providing recommendations on the evolution of the architecture of the overall data warehouse and business intelligence platform/capability Continual performance tuning, Capacity planning for future growth needs Work with Homesite’s development team to implement solutions Ability to work both independently and in groups Capacity to solve problems related to data Intricacies of working with financial data Works collaboratively across business units and IT to facilitate business requirements gathering for reports Analyze new and existing business processes utilizing metrics and analytics tools, and make suggestions for change Evaluate and interpret end user information requirements, and develop and implement appropriate technical solutions Qualifications: 5+ years of relevant experience in reporting/analytical design and information architecture using Microsoft BI Stack (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS) Experience in user experience testing and analysis SQL programmer Excellent organization skills, Strong verbal and written presentation skills Energetic self starter who has the ability to work with minimal supervision Insurance experience is preferred