By joining the team that is designing and implementing the Kaiser Permanente School of Medicine, you will have the opportunity of a lifetime to create a medical school that will educate physicians for the 21st century and beyond and be a catalyst for change in medical education. This position will be working as a part of an extremely dynamic team of professionals supporting all aspects of the School of Medicine and the creation of the infrastructure, process, and procedures for the Kaiser Permanente School of Medicine. The team works from an interdependent model of practice and we are looking for someone who thrives in a highly challenging role within a high functioning team-based environment. The Kaiser Permanente School of Medicine will offer more than a conventional medical education. It will provide students with the unique opportunity to be taught by the physicians of Kaiser Permanente and immersed in one of the nation's highest-performing health care organizations. Students will gain critical knowledge and real-world experience and benefit from unprecedented access to Kaiser Permanente's people, data and technology. This unparalleled approach, plus our deep commitment to resilience, well-being, and inclusion will create a culture where physicians are better prepared to face the health challenges of the future, while helping the nation's diverse communities thrive. Learn more about the Kaiser Permanente School of Medicine at schoolofmedicine.kp.org. Kaiser Permanente School of Medicine is seeking a Communications Consultant to engage in rapid response messaging through digital and social media and assist in developing digital campaigns that align with the School-s goals and priorities. The candidate will participate in the development and implementation of multi- channel communication strategies, be responsible for offline and online communications planning, implementation, and recommended solutions for multiple Kaiser Permanente School of Medicine programs and projects (for internal and external audiences), and edit written documents prepared by others - all to enhance the brand and reputation of the School. The persona should have strong writing skills and experience in creating social content, be innovative, proactive, and solution oriented. And have a strong desire to excel in a demanding and creative environment. Essential Functions: Develop and implement communications plans and tactics to fulfill the strategic and operational goals and objectives of the program developed by the communications practice leader for his/her clients to deliver, promote and protect the organization's brand and reputation. Provide communications consulting to internal clients on internal and external communications programs, projects and tactics. Consulting activity will vary from verbal communications or advice on communications issues to providing written customized communications plans. Strategize with client, writes creative briefs, researches and analyzes information, prepares presentations (PowerPoint presentations, speeches and talking points), plans logistics, and manages overall coordination. Ensure content is consistent with the Kaiser Permanente brand in terms of tone, manner, and messaging. Manage and complete multiple assignments in short time frames and coordinate diverse projects and activities into a cohesive and strategic program for a single client or for a program. Acquire the input and resources of other communications staff in the organization to fulfill the objectives of communication plans and projects on behalf of communications practice leaders' clients. Coordinates the deliverables of other communicators in the organization to ensure that special projects are in compliance with negotiated timelines/financial allocations. Implement measures to determine effectiveness of communications programs and create plans to improve results. Implement measures to determine effectiveness of communications programs and create plans to improve results.