The successful candidate will be joining NBCUniversal at an exciting time where it is transforming from an operational, tool-based cyber defense program to an intelligence and threat-based organization. The successful candidate will work directly with our business areas across NBCUniversal to shape the future of product security across the company. Responsible for leading a product security program to align Cyber Security services with application and systems development teams who are creating products, services and solutions across our brands and business areas. This includes defining the processes, tooling, and services as well as identifying gaps in capabilities. The Director, Product Security will function as a subject matter expert for the secure software and systems development lifecycle. They will partner with other Cyber Security leaders as well as NBCUniversal businesses to build the Secure SDLC program to support the design, development and deployment of secure solutions by understanding the technical aspects of the business problems and applying sound engineering knowledge across many different development methodologies. Responsibilities: Implement and model security practices for enterprise, application, and product environments using an intelligence and threat-driven defense model. Use strong interpersonal skills to articulate security requirements to technical and non-technical audiences Support teams in designing, implementing, deploying, and sustaining systems that start out and remain secure Lead transformation from serial software assessments to a focus on developing automated testing tools and processes Use understanding of the SDLC to offer better ways to engage with development teams Establish secure coding standards in the software development process Create awareness of the Cyber Security team’s services throughout the business Interact with technology teams to understand business imperatives, document policies, and generate security requirements Develop security and compliance capabilities in support of DevOps processes Be a liaison between Cyber Security (GRC, Architecture & Engineer, Platforms, CDO) and development teams Identify gaps in security services, tools, processes, and procedures Leverage technical understanding of how software and systems are built to help streamline security requirements without impacting program deliverables and project deadlines Track team progress and produce metrics that show effectiveness of Cyber Security programs Determine solutions to facilitate the Cyber Security team’s involvement in software and systems development Escalate and brief senior management on issues affecting technology delivery Communicate effectively with representatives of the Lines of Business, technology specialists, and senior leaders Qualifications/Requirements 8-10+ years experience in an application security-based role with technical delivery experience. Experience working with development teams. Excellent technical subject matter expertise in an area such as the software development lifecycle, continuous integration/delivery, application security testing, and/or secure data sharing workflows. Experience using and developing fuzz testing tools a plus Experience with deploying applications in the cloud is preferred (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud). In-depth experience identifying and protecting against web application and web security vulnerabilities Intellectual capability and curiosity to learn complex processes. Strategic thinking and decision-making. Ability to balance multiple demands in a fast-paced growing environment A dedicated and self-driven desire to think creatively and produce results Ability to coordinate, work with and gain the trust of business stakeholders, technical resources, and third-party vendors Desired Characteristics Highly collaborative; personally, and professionally self-aware; able to and interested in interacting with employees at all levels Strong sense of urgency and commitment, as well as sound business sense with a strategic, conceptual and operational orientation A highly service-oriented approach with a track record of improving service levels and client satisfaction Experience advising on technical related issues Careful listener with the confidence to make crisp and tough decisions about difficult issues; natural propensity to make others feel that their viewpoints and perspectives are adequately considered Passion for and interest in media and entertainment industry highly desired Sub-Business Technology Career Level Experienced City Philadelphia State/Province Pennsylvania Country United States About Us At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us. Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.