Will support NASA JPL Data Systems Implementation and Operations (DSIO) as a back-end developer with DevOps experience. Will be responsible for software development, delivery, and processing. Will design and build next generation products, including application and application programming interfaces (API) layers on Linux, AWS, and with various third party integrations. Will interact with stakeholders, designers, other developers and system admins including coordination with continuous integration / continuous deployment processes. Will evaluate new technologies and help to modernize technical infrastructure; ensure efficient and streamlined version control and work flow while working in a fast-paced Agile/ Scrum environment; and build large-scale, security applications, adopting new technologies while maintaining and implementing computer science fundamentals. Other duties include full lifecycle development; full stack development (LAMP); developing new features; and ongoing maintenance. May perform other duties as assigned. _Required Skills_ 6 years of web development or related experience. Advanced experience using Python and relational databases to make web applications; with object-oriented programming in any language (e.g., JSON, C/C++, Java); and proficiency with continuous delivery solutions (e.g., Hudson, Jenkins, or Puppet), required. Must be familiar with queuing systems (e.g., RabbitMQ), in-memory data structure (e.g., Redis) and version control systems (e.g., GIT); have knowledge of HTTP and ability to make a RESTful web application; and have experience using Unix and Linux and developing applications that run on either operating systems. Experience with ELK stack (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana) and search servers (e.g., SOLR) and with container platforms (e.g. Docker), cloud service platforms and web services (e.g., AWS, EC2, S3,CloudWatch) is required. Desirable skills include: Knowledge of Data Science Familiarity with Geospatial Data Abstraction Library (GDAL) Familiarity with InSAR Scientific Computing Environment (ISCE), Generic InSAR Analysis Toolbox (GIAnT) etc Extensive understanding and wide application of advanced principles, theories, concepts and techniques in systems engineering, software architecture, network architecture, virtualization technologies, and cloud computing resulting in contributions to the development of new theories and methods Ability to complete detailed, accurate work under time pressure and work in a team environment Excellent written and verbal communication skills and interpersonal skills. Must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident and be able to pass a background investigation to obtain a security badge to enter the applicable government facility. Education BS in computer science, engineering, related discipline, or equivalent.