We are Farmers! Job Summary: The Data Rotation Program will allow recent, college graduates to rotate through a 12- month program, exploring different areas within the Chief Data Officer's (CDO) Group. Individuals will rotate through 4 assignments of approximately 3 months duration, determining where and how to make the strongest impact. Potential areas of placement include Business Intelligence/Data Delivery, Business Unit Data Engineering, Financial Data Engineering, Customer Master Data Engineering, Operational Data Engineering, Emerging/Big Data Engineering, Data Quality, and Data User Support. We are seeking the upcoming Summer or Fall or Winter 2018 4 year college gradate. Essential Job Function: Actively contribute to Farmers Insurance data endeavors to manage core business. Drive customer centricity while developing breadth of skill and knowledge across the data domain. Understand, design, and utilize data structures and content via established and emerging technologies. Gain technical and subject matter expertise through professional development and exposure to senior leaders and visible assignments. Build and develop competencies thru a combination of on-the-job learning, formal and informal mentorship, and training that will enable the potential to take on significant ownership roles in the organization upon completion of the rotation program. Education Requirements: Four year college degree in Science, Technology or Engineering. Experience Requirements: Prior internship or relevant professional experience in IT/ Data is a plus. Physical Actions: Required job duties are essentially sedentary work consisting of occasional walking, standing, and lifting and or carrying 10-lbs maximum. Physical Environment: Required job duties are normally performed in a climate-controlled office environment. _(Internal Title: Sr. Data Management Analyst)_ _Farmers is an equal opportunity employer, committed to the strength of a diverse workforce._ Schedule: Full-time Job Posting: 08/02/2018