Ridley Park,Pennsylvania,United States GCB4N1 Global Services vision is to be the Aerospace services industry leader. Our strategy is to maximize our current portfolio by leading in market competitiveness with a Services Champion Culture that is agile, responsive, entrepreneurial, innovative and tailored to customer needs. To execute this strategy, we need an aligned team that is committed to a new mindset and new age behaviors. Our mission is to create and provide integrated and innovative supply chain solutions worldwide. We provide material services and support to a number of Boeing Rotorcraft products, to include the CH-47 Chinook, AH-64 Apache, AH-6 Little Bird and V22 Osprey; in addition to supporting a number of non-Boeing platforms. Performs or maintains routine inventory control functions. Processes returned materiel and recommends disposition. Identifies and responds to customer supply chain management issues. Processes, tracks, prepare and inputs supply chain management data. Processes and tracks supply chain requirements with internal/external suppliers to support demands and ensure best value. Coordinates and documents the movement of assets and components through the spare/repair cycle. Works under general supervision. Representative Major Tasks (Reflects typical job family activities. Specific activities may vary by Business Unit, region, site or assignment): Performs or maintains routine inventory procedures. Processes material returned from the customer and makes recommendations concerning disposition. Enters, tracks and monitors customer requirements/inquiries using various job processes and systems to support our customers. Identifies and responds to customer supply chain management issues of routine scope and complexity using established processes, policies and practices for guidance to understand and meet customer needs. Processes and tracks supply chain management data from multiple sources, prepares data and inputs into tools and models in order to maintain supply chain effectiveness and efficiency. Processes and tracks supply chain requirements with internal/external suppliers in order to support demands and ensure best value (e.g., schedule, quality, price, cycle time) for Boeing and the customer. Prepares for supplier/customer interface requirements or needs by supporting related activities to improve or sustain performance or program status. Responds to requests for quotes. Responds to post production customer supply inquiries and coordinates delivery problem resolution. Assists in the collection and processing of supplier and/or customer data regarding products or services to include repair capabilities and capacity. Representative Additional Tasks (Reflects additional typical job family activities. Specific activities may vary by Business Unit, region, site or assignment): Collects customer, supplier, and industry information to support the development, planning, testing, and implementation of process, product, system and program enhancements and revisions. Collects supplier and/or customer data regarding products or services to include production or repair capabilities, capacity, and performance in order to support product improvement opportunities. Summarizes and communicates findings to appropriate parties. When the parameters are clearly defined, generates and analyzes supply chain performance and management metrics data and charts for the organization's leadership used to manage business operations. Supports administration of budget plan. Coordinate the movement of assets and components through the repair cycle. Process documentation associated with the movement of repair articles to ensure traceability of assets and customer visibility. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. Typical Education/Experience: Bachelor's degree. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Basic qualifications required: Experience performing data analysis and/or reporting. Preferred Qualifications: Good Excel and analytical skills, project management, and communication skills Product Support Supply Chain Basic knowledge of the unique aspects of inventory planning and control processes (e.g., Lot sizes, Work in Process [WIP], Inventory Burndown, modifications, out of production, Kanban, Just In Time [JIT], Kitting, Point of Use [POU], inventory turn rate) to support planned and unplanned requirements. Supply Chain Strategy Basic knowledge of supply chain strategies (e.g., inventory reduction, parts kitting, supplier consolidation, optimum flow, lead-time reduction). Yes, 10 % of the Time Supply Chain Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company