AgilOne is looking for a hands-on Big Data Architect, who still loves to code to join us in this exciting leadership role! Join us as we design and build the cutting edge, enterprise-grade customer data platform that processes hundreds of millions of records from these customer sources daily, and processes through billions of records in a horizontally scalable platform using modern technologies like Kafka, Hadoop, Parquet, Impala, and Spark. In this role one is expected to: Understand the entire AgilOne platform and tech stack Provide architectural and design leadership for key development efforts Explore, compare & contrast new technologies to uptake and recommend best paths forward Translate current and future use cases into technical requirements and future-proofed architecture Write code (POCs, prototypes as well as quality production features) Mentor and collaborate with other team members. Perform code reviews. Provide guidance on how customer use-cases can be solved leveraging the platform and technology. Collaborate across the other disciplines in the organization (professional services, sales consultants, product management, executive management) Qualifications: Demonstrated experience in an architectural leadership role Experience designing and architecting data pipelines using big data technologies Experience with distributed, highly available and scalable systems Experience in agile software development Experience programming with either Java, Scala or C Hands-on experience with Hadoop, Spark, Impala, Kafka and systems above Bonus: Experience with machine learning technologies Bonus: Experience with AWS big data tech stack Bonus: Experience with big data analytics or real time analytics solutions Bonus: Experience with martech or adtech systems You find great satisfaction in: Seeing interesting customer problems solved using the product you architect, and that too see the impact in rapid, agile way Solving complex problems with simple and expandable solutions. Commitment to excellence and take pride in the quality of architecture, design and code you write Constantly learning and keeping up with the latest technology improvements Being a great team player who works across team boundaries to get things done The AgilOne Story: AgilOne, the Customer Data and Engagement Hub, provides enterprise consumer marketers the power to integrate customer data across digital, physical, and mobile channels, deliver customer analytics with predictive insights and 360-degree profiles, and engage customers at every touch point in order to maximize lifetime value. Currently, the AgilOne solution supports more than 150 brands worldwide. We leverage the latest technologies in big data, machine learning and data quality management to deliver an enterprise-grade, scalable and high performance tool for customers such as Tumi, Lululemon, Lilly Pulitzer and David’s Tea. AgilOne is funded by the best in the Valley - Sequoia Capital, Tenaya, and Mayfield. Competitive compensation Excellent benefits Equity 401k Catered lunches, snacks and beverages A fun environment to work hard and play harder with passionate people building great products!