: Our Analysts support the overall research and due diligence process for Kroll’s Risk & Compliance practice area. Analysts manage cases from start to finish, conducting extensive Internet, database, and media research into companies and individuals to provide our clients with an accurate assessment of the status, legitimacy, general background, and overall reputation of a subject company and its principals. Our Analysts’ work enables our clients to make informed, strategic decisions that have a huge impact on their organizations. As a result, we place a high value on our talent and seek candidates with a high level of conscientiousness, integrity, and professional pride. Responsibilities : Conduct in-depth research in English or other languages, regarding companies and individuals using public record databases, commercial and proprietary databases, media sources and the internet Analyze research, organize findings and synthesize relevant information Write well structured, logical and objective reports regarding assessments on the status, legitimacy, general background, and overall reputation of a company and its principals Manage multiple assignment simultaneously, and report findings (in written or oral format) to Kroll clients Qualifications Undergraduate or graduate degree at an accredited university majoring in: International Relations/Affairs, Regional Studies, Political Science, or other related areas of study required Extremely strong English-language writing skills Advanced proficiency or fluency in another language, in reading comprehension e.g. Chinese, Portuguese, Arabic, Russian, French, Japanese, Bahasa, Thai, or Hebrew etc. strongly preferred Strong attention to detail Ability to accept and apply constructive feedback Ability to quickly and effectively summarize information from multiple sources into concise analytical assessments Ability to work independently Ability to prioritize several projects and assignments on multiple topics while meeting tight deadlines Customer-service orientation with a dedication to quality 0-2+ years of work experience (including internships) is highly desirable Availability to work a full-time schedule with the understanding that additional hours and weekend work may be required About Kroll: Kroll is the leading global provider of risk solutions. For more than 40 years, Kroll has helped clients make confident risk management decisions about people, assets, operations and security through a wide range of investigations, cyber security, due diligence and compliance, physical and operational security and data and information management services. Headquartered in New York with more than 35 offices in 20 countries, Kroll has a multidisciplinary team of nearly 1,000 employees and serves a global clientele of law firms, financial institutions, corporations, non-profit institutions, government agencies and individuals. All resumes are held in confidence. No recruiters or agencies without a previously signed contract. No faxes please. Only candidates whose profiles closely match requirements will be contacted during this search. Kroll is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Job Administrative Primary Location United States-California-Los Angeles Organization U2NA25 - Research Schedule Full-time Job Posting Unposting Date