As a Criminal Investigator, you will: Function as a law enforcement officer with full law enforcement authority, i.e., carry authorized firearms and other enforcement equipment; apply for and executing arrest and search warrants; apprehend, search, and transport criminals and arrange for their detention. Provide expert technical advice, guidance, and recommendations to agency management and other senior agents, officers, or inspectors on critical operations. Solve problems demanding technologically advanced methods and innovative approaches. Collect and analyze operational and strategic intelligence from wide-ranging sources including Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies. Assist the Assistant Special Agent in Charge (ASAC) and the Resident Agent in Charge (RAC) in the day-to-day operation of the office. Identify material, systemic weaknesses or failures in VA operations and/or processes during investigations and prepares reports outlining possible solutions to the issues uncovered. You must meet the following requirements within 30 days of the closing date of this announcement. Age Restriction: The date immediately preceding an individual's 37th birthday is the maximum entry age for original appointment to a law enforcement officer position. This requirement does not apply to a) Preference-eligible veterans; OR b) Individuals who are 37 years of age or older and have previously served in law enforcement officer positions that were covered by a special law enforcement retirement plan. MEDICAL REQUIREMENTS: The selectee must pass a pre-appointment physical examination and meet the physical requirements for this position as required by this agency. The duties of this position require moderate to arduous physical exertion involving walking and standing, use of firearms, and exposure to inclement weather. Manual dexterity with comparatively free motion of finger, wrist, elbow, shoulder, hip, and knee joints is required. Arms, hands, legs, and feet must be sufficiently intact and functioning in order that applicants may perform the duties satisfactorily. Sufficiently good vision and hearing are required to perform the duties satisfactorily. Because the duties of this position are exacting, responsible, and sometimes performed under trying conditions, the selectee must possess emotional and mental stability. Any physical condition that would cause the selectee to be a hazard to himself/herself, or others is disqualifying. AND Specialized experience: For the GS-13 , you must have one year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-12 grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience for this position includes: Investigating cases that involve matters of extreme sensitivity, and scope; AND Providing analytical assistance that includes the evaluation of allegations and evidence; AND Planning and conducting investigations involving illegal and criminal acts; AND Preparing investigative findings and reports; AND Maintaining liaison with law enforcement agencies at the local, state, or national level. In addition to the above requirements, you must meet the following time-in- grade requirement , if applicable: For the GS-13 , you must have been at the GS-12 level for 52 weeks. Time After Competitive Appointment: Candidates who are current Federal employees serving on a nontemporary competitive appointment must have served at least three months in that appointment. The experience may have been gained in either the public, private sector or volunteer service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a prorated basis. To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate dates of employment by month/day/year, and indicate number of hours worked per week on your r?Šsum?Š. A complete application includes 1. A résumé, 2. Vacancy question responses, and 3. Submission of any required documents. Please note that if you do not provide all required information, as specified in this announcement, you may not be considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for which you may be eligible). All applicants are required to submit a résumé either by creating one in USAJOBS or uploading one of their own choosing. (Cover letters are optional.) To receive full credit for relevant experience, please list the month/date/year and number of hours worked for experience listed on your résumé. We suggest that you preview the online questions, as you may need to customize your résumé to ensure that it supports your responses to these questions. Please view résumé tips. CURRENT AND FORMER FEDERAL EMPLOYEES - Documentation Relating to Your Federal Employment : Submit a copy of your SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, which shows your current (or most recent) grade and competitive service status. (The position occupied block on the SF-50 should show a 1 and your tenure block should show a 1 or 2.) Indicate on your application the highest permanent grade you have held; if this grade is different from your current grade, submit a copy of an additional SF-50 showing this grade. PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL : Submit a copy of your most recent completed annual performance appraisal which includes the final rating. If you have not received a performance appraisal, please explain why in your application. CAREER TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PLAN (CTAP) OR INTERAGENCY CAREER TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PLAN (ICTAP) DOCUMENTATION : If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee, click CTAP/ICTAP for eligibility and a detailed list of required documents. If you are applying under a special hiring authority (e.g. Military Spouses, Interchange Agreement, VEOA, Schedule A Disability, etc.), please see applicant guide for required documentation. In order to be eligible under one of these authorities, you must submit all required documentation as outlined in the applicant guide. Recommended Documents: In addition, we recommend that you submit copies of the following: A list of awards received while employed with the Federal Government, if applicable. DO NOT send copies of the awards.