Who You’ll Work With How connect with people every day? Do you chat? Video calls? Meetings? Have you ever had trouble connecting to audio, or video from a meeting room? Have you had a hard time coordinating with your team around a common goal or initiative? We all need to connect with people to get our work done. We are uniquely positioned to make it amazing across hardware and software with a leading market position in meetings. Our next goal is to redefine how people work where communication is at the core of all productive collaboration. We are an experienced group of product managers, engineers, and designers who are finding new ways to leverage data from communication, people interaction, and collaborative content creation to craft new collaboration experiences in ways that nobody but Cisco can. These new collaboration experiences will give a stronger voice to the remote worker, make distributed teams as efficient as co-located teams, and drive the new generation of everyday collaboration between teammates. What You’ll Do Webex Teams is looking for a Data Engineer with Data Modeling experience who can help us reimagine and reinvent our Data Strategy. We need someone who is passionate about leading change, exploiting and optimizing customer engagement, driving experiences across our Collaboration stakeholders, growing our platform, incorporating new workloads and expanding our capabilities. You’ll be working alongside a team focusing on how people communicate across messaging, calling, and video as well as collaborate on documents, schedules, and tasks. We want to make everyone more productive every day. Who You Are You can understand and translate business needs into data models supporting long-term solutions. Work with the Application Development team to implement data strategies, build data flows and develop conceptual data models. Create logical and physical data models using best practices to ensure high data quality and reduced redundancy. Optimize and update logical and physical data models to support new and existing projects. Develop best practices for standard naming conventions and coding practices to ensure consistency of data models. Perform reverse engineering of physical data models from databases and SQL scripts. Evaluate data models and physical databases for variances and discrepancies. Validate business data objects for accuracy and completeness. Analyze data-related system integration challenges and propose appropriate solutions. Develop data models according to company standards. Guide System Analysts, Engineers, Programmers and others on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces. Review modifications to existing software to improve efficiency and performance. Examine new application design and recommend corrections if required. Basic Qualifications Experience in designing and delivering enterprise-grade, high transaction volume, Data Platform as a Services (dPaaS) and experience with Data Lakes, Analysis Services, SQL, Cosmos or an equivalent set of cloud capabilities. 6+ years of experience in building data platforms, data engineering and/or software engineering, including experience working with agile methodologies and cloud technologies Experienced in leading and building solutions under Agile/scrum methodologies. Curiosity with a desire to continuously learn, share and collaborate to improve yourself and your teammates. Strong communication, negotiation and consensus building skills when dealing with stakeholders and team members. Strong problem solving and algorithmic thinking capability. Strong cross-group collaboration and effective communication skills to drive issues to resolution with ability to communicate insights to both technical and non-technical audiences. BS in data engineering (Master’s preferred), computer science or related field of study for software development is required. Why Cisco At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco