Are you a talented professional that focuses on the planning, execution, and monitoring of project initiatives? Are you a resourceful problem solver that thrives in the identification and definition of creative, effective technology solutions? As a Manager, you help clients set-up, manage, and operate their most complex projects, define functional requirements for technology solutions, and design and derive transformative approaches for technology systems. Work you’ll do As a Manager you will bring considerable solutions to clients. Manage day to day interactions with executive clients and sponsors Manage and deliver components of client engagements that identify, design, and implement technology and creative business solutions for large companies. Responsibilities include, among others, managing teams in the identification of business requirements, functional design, process design (including scenario design, flow mapping), prototyping, architecture, development, testing, training, defining support procedures. Develop and maintain contact with top decision makers at key clients; participate and lead aspects of the proposal development process; contribute to the development of proposal pricing strategies _The Team_ Systems Integration At Deloitte Consulting LLP, our systems integration specialists help clients manage the complexity inherent with technology change, from requirements planning to architecture, testing to deployment, and beyond, helping to link their IT programs to organizational goals. And we offer a complete range of industry-leading services, including systems development, solution and platform integration. Learn more about our Systems Integration practice. Health Plans Health Plans face a number of unique environmental pressures that affect the way they will conduct business today and in the future - among them a need for increased privacy and security, an intense focus on risk management, access to capital, efforts to consolidate and streamline IT functions, the launch of new consumer-driven business models, managing chronic diseases through medical management practices, maximizing e-business-driven platforms, implementing health plan-specific customer relationship management tools and complying with increasing financial and transactional legislation. Our healthcare professionals can help clients address these and other challenges in today's complex health care environment. Managers in the Health Plans practice are required to have: 4 years of experience in the design, development or implementation phases (business or technical) for Health Plan/Payer applications. Experience in one of the following Core Administrative and/or Pharmacy Benefit Management functional domains is preferred: Claims intake / pre-processing Claims pricing and benefits processing Clinical / medical management Provider and Network Analytics and Business Intelligence - downstream Candidates should have strong Health plan operational, functional and systems knowledge 8 years of relevant consulting or industry experience 8 years of business process analysis, mapping, and design 8 years of experience in requirements analysis and performing current state system analysis 8 years of performing conceptual and technical designs, including the use of object-oriented analysis and design techniques 4 year of experience with Agile, Scrum, Waterfall or RUP Methodologies 8 years of experience in translating requirements into optimized designs, and identifying design alternatives and implications on functionality, effort, performance and operations A willingness to travel 80 - 100% of the time Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience In addition, successful Managers will have the following preferred background: Familiarity with Health Plan/Payer policies and mandates Experience with MVC patterns Experience with common OO design patterns Testing, including all phases: System, Integration, and Performance Testing and ensuring traceability Exposure to TOGAF, NEIM (or other architecture framework) Experience with Middleware and/or SOA based implementations. Experience planning, tracking and delivering projects using Microsoft Project and documenting processes in Microsoft Visio Strong presentation and facilitation skills including development and delivery of Microsoft PowerPoint presentations Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment Experience with cloud solutions on Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, and/or Google Cloud Platform Experience working in a collaborative environment Experience leading work planning, monitoring, and reporting Experience conducting interviews and documenting requirements Experience leading design sessions and defining future state processes Ability to work independently and manage multiple assignments Strong oral and written communication skills How you’ll grow At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Benefits At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you. Deloitte’s culture Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte. Corporate citizenship Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world. Recruiter tips We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals. As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Deloitte will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws. See notices of various ban-the-box laws where available. https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/ban-the-box- notices.html