What you’ll be doing... The Financial Systems Group requires a balanced skillset between finance and technology with specific focus for this position in areas of applied GAAP, audit, governance and financial principles in support of client facing EPM solutions, reporting and business intelligence analytics. Collaborating with Managers, Senior Managers and Directors within multiple (FP&A;, Accounting) finance groups to understand business needs. Synthesizing and ensuring the needs are documented in business, functional, technical, and architectural requirements. This requires an understanding of all technology, resources, and solutions necessary to meet EPM initiatives and strategy. Owning and driving data modeling, integration and planning solutions decisions and strategy. Helping migrate business owned Excel models to being supported by multi-dimensional technology. Producing functional and architectural design documents. Authoring and managing end-to-end systems design, scope, requirements, test plans and training. Designing, configuring and developing reports and dashboards to drive financial and operational decisions and other stakeholder needs. Clearly communicating project status, risks, benefits and opportunities to stakeholders, including Directors, VPs and SVPs, within the finance community. Working with the business community (as detailed above) to define and deliver financial and operational metrics required to support top business goals. Anticipating and identifying opportunities to provide business intelligence services, data marts, and reports to address emerging needs. Providing subject matter expertise and collaboration with accounting and finance stakeholders directly to facilitate, educate and support the adoption of new platforms and data. Working independently with peer level through Director level to gather requirements to develop new solutions, modify existing solutions with the intent of removing cost-intensive processes and increased visibility through EPM technologies and harmonized data sources. Ensuring that solutions are aligned to overall reporting and planning strategies. What we’re looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. Six or more years of relevant work experience. Experience with Essbase, DRM, or Oracle/Hyperion applications. Even better if you have: A degree. Eight or more years of relevant work experience. Technical skills/tools experience: Smartview, Oracle DB, FDMEE, ODI, Cloud Computing, In Memory Design, RDBMS. Experience with backup and recovery operations of the planning application. Knowledge of batch scripting. Excellent understanding of accounting fundamentals. P&L;, BS, CF. Good understanding of typical data sources such as ERP solutions. Experience with performance tuning. Strong interpersonal, influencing, communication and organizational skills. Ability to interface with various/complex stakeholder groups and functions, as well as various levels of management. When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better.