Essential duties and responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Evaluates and integrates curriculum. Prepares class schedules in a timely manner for all reporting and data systems. Assists with student intake and other events that pertain to the promotion and recruitment of students. Responsible for continuous quality improvement process for Career Pathways, including instructional observations, classroom visits, and syllabi checks. Provides assistance to instructors with issues arising in the classroom or with students, and provides solutions with measurable outcomes. Maintains and updates Career Pathways faculty and Career Pathways student website and calendar. Provides technical assistance to instructors, recruiter/advisors, and students. Coordinates one or more programs within the Adult Education arena and represents those programs to internal and external partners. Works with Professional Development Coordinator on instructor training, including compliance with grant mandates. Assists with orienting and assigning mentors to new instructors. Assists in negotiating, reviewing, and updating contracts and agreements with community partners. Meets with key partnership personnel, coordinates services, provides annual statistics and reports, and evaluates facilities. Orders and inventories materials including books, distance learning seats, instructional supplies, and office supplies. Works with AE staff to maintain and update student data systems (attendance, Ellucian Colleague, and federal reporting). Evaluates and maintains records such as test scores and statistics, class contact hours, attendance, instructor comments, and class grades. Works with employers and community agencies to establish and maintain offsite AE classes. Knowledge Must possess required knowledge and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Adult education principles, practices, and theories. Classroom management techniques. Brockton HS Literacy Model and its application in the adult education classroom. Growth Mindset (Dweck). Skills Must possess required skills and be able to explain and demonstrate, with or without reasonable accommodations, that the essential functions of the job can be performed. Coordinating the activities of staff. Effectively working with a diverse and multicultural student body. Working collaboratively. Maintaining an established work schedule, including some weekends and evenings. Effectively using interpersonal and communications skills including tact and diplomacy. Effectively using organizational and planning skills, including attention to detail and follow-through. Maintaining confidentiality of work related information and materials. Establishing and maintaining effective working relationships. Technology Skills Use a variety of spreadsheet, word processing, database, and presentation software. May also use social media, work with desktop publishing, and update webpages. Required Work Experience Two years related work experience. Preferred Work Experience Previous advising experience, within a post secondary education institute. Required Education Bachelor's degree. Special Requirements Licenses/Certifications; Other Valid Texas Driver's License and reliable transportation needed for local Austin area travel. Physical Requirements Work is performed in a standard office or similar environment. Subject to standing, walking, sitting, bending, reaching, pushing, and pulling. Occasional lifting of objects up to 10 pounds. Safety Work safely and follow safety rules. Report unsafe working conditions and behavior. Take reasonable and prudent actions to prevent others from engaging in unsafe practices.