Position Renton Technical College, located southeast of Seattle, has provided quality education in a variety of occupations for over 75 years. Our apprenticeship, professional-technical certificate, and degree programs offer entry and mid- level training in the areas of allied health, trades and industry, culinary, business, technology, automotive, and general education. Our outstanding college & career pathways program with classes in adult basic education, English as a second language, and GED preparation, is available to those who need additional preparation prior to entering a training program and for those who simply wish to improve their math and English skills. As an Achieving the Dream Leader College and an Aspen Institute top 10 finalist for the Aspen Prize for Community College Excellence, RTC is also proud to be a Military Friendly School, serving those who chose to serve. This part-time (22.5 hours per week) hourly, classified position is part of the Food Service Team and reports directly to the Manager of Food Service Operations. The Baker Helper is responsible for Baker/Helper duties. May also demonstrate donut frying techniques to current students and report to the instructor on student's activities. Work hours for this position are 4:00 am to 8:30 am, Monday through Friday, during the instructional year (approximately 212 days). This position is scheduled to begin upon selection. _Renton Technical College is committed to increasing its cultural diversity with an emphasis on equity and inclusion among its professional staff. The students that we serve come from a variety of backgrounds and are almost 60% of color. We strongly encourage members of underrepresented groups, veterans, and bi- or multi-lingual individuals to apply for this position to help meet the needs of our diverse students and service district._ Key Responsibilities Include Demonstrate multicultural competence (including an awareness and understanding of historically disadvantaged populations) and create an educational and work environment that affirms commitment to equity, diversity, and inclusion. Support the college's mission by creating a learning and work environment of mutual respect and fairness, while encouraging creative and critical thinking. Contribute to the appreciation of diversity and foster a climate of multicultural understanding. Prepare, deep fry, and finish donuts, as assigned. Check production schedule to determine variety and quantity of goods to fry. Scale, mix and shape doughnuts to recipe standards. Demonstrate job functions to students and report on student activities to the instructor. Properly complete food requisition forms. Wash dishes, utensils and equipment as directed. Maintain a professional appearance and demeanor at all times, providing friendly customer service to all patrons. Comply with the health department rules and regulations at all times. Communicate professionally and effectively, both orally and in writing, with college employees and students. Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Demonstrated experience or participation with persons from diverse backgrounds such as sexual orientation, racial, ethnic, religious, linguistic, gender, age, socio-economic, physical and learning abilities, and a commitment to an inclusive and equitable working / learning environment. One-year minimum experience working in a commercial kitchen environment. Prior donut making experience preferred. Ability to operate and maintain cleanliness of fryers, glazers, and related equipment is required. Ability to work independently with minimal supervision in a fast paced environment. Demonstrated aptitude in performing the work to be assigned. Ability to stand for an entire shift. Ability to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting, pushing and or carrying of supplies. Prolonged standing, walking, reaching, stooping, bending and kneeling may be required. Have or the ability to obtain and maintain a food handler's permit from the health department with in 60 calendar days' after employment begins. Ability to maintain confidentiality, think critically and exercise independent judgment required. Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work effectively as part of a team. Demonstrated attention to detail required as well as previous experience maintaining accurate records, managing multiple tasks and planning and organizing work order to meet changing priorities and deadlines. Ability to represent the college in a positive and professional manner, while using tact, discretion and courtesy. Ability to speak a regionally top spoken language other than English is preferred (Spanish, Vietnamese, Russian, Somali, Chinese). Conditions of Employment The person hired is required to provide authorization for employment in the United States. This person is also required to become a member of the AFT-WA union, or pay a representation fee within 30 calendar days after employment begins. All offers of employment are subject to background checks. Post offer, pre hire background checks including criminal record, history may be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment, but will be considered in determining the applicant's suitability and competence to perform in the position. _For questions regarding this position contact nmedbury@rtc.edu or 425-235-2296_