Los Gatos, California Customer Service At Netflix, we are shaping the future of global entertainment because we believe there is a better way to watch. Our members need our help from time to time, and that’s where our Customer Service (CS) organization focuses; providing amazing interactions with our subscribers around the world. Our goal is excellence, simplicity and getting our members back to streaming. Netflix is looking for a talented Curriculum Editor to join our CS Learning & Development (L&D;) team in Los Gatos. Our Global CS L&D; team provides leadership, customer service, and tools training for both internal and external outsourced call centers around the globe, having a direct impact on our agents, our customers and the business. This role reports into the Global Operations Manager, Learning and Development + Talent Acquisition and will have the opportunity to develop effective and engaging learning experiences for the best call center agents in the industry. Responsibilities Work closely with the stakeholders and SMEs to ensure globally relevant curriculum is accurate and up to date. Take the lead on global rollouts, modifications and edits, to ensure that curriculum stays globally accurate. Partnering with Learning & Development managers and curriculum developers to prioritize needs and develop recommendations on how best to address those gaps globally Develop and maintain all necessary course collateral including facilitator and student materials, presentation media, job aids and knowledge checks. Be able to facilitate Train the Trainer sessions with curriculum developers when the need arises as well as to pilot any new curriculum. L&D;’s point of contact for both process and technical-focused teams Represent the needs and be the voice of the L&D; team in cross-functional meetings What You Should Have 5+ years experience designing soft skills and tools learning solutions for a variety of job levels - entry level to senior leadership. Bachelor’s degree in instructional design, organizational development or related degree is a plus. Experience designing and developing solutions for global curriculum (instructor-led, self-paced, elearning, blended etc.) Experience designing learning offerings that range from a 15-minute elearning to multi-week classroom experiences. Experience working in a fast-paced, results-oriented, data-driven environment. Solid facilitation experience of various instructor-led programs for various audiences. Captivate proficiency a plus. Ability to collaborate with a team, communicate effectively, and pay attention to the details is a must. Netflix provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, disability, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, genetic makeup, marital status, military service, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state or federal laws.