The Superior Court of California, County of San Mateo is seeking a well- qualified individual for the position of IT Application Analyst. Join the court information technology (IT) team in this hands-on position where you will become familiar with all aspects of the Superior Court organization. Showcase your strong technical background while building excellent working relationships with all levels of the Superior Court staff, judiciary and justice partners. Your success lies in your ability to quickly learn the business of the court and demonstrate how technology can fulfill the court's mission to apply the law fairly to protect individual freedom and to promote the welfare of the people. As an IT Application Analyst, you will provide complex analytical support to the maintenance and/or modification of existing systems, as well as implementation of new systems. You will also work with court operations personnel in the development, testing and implementation of computer system functionality, configuration and software enhancement updates to existing applications or the implementation of new applications. You will perform system administration functions to ensure security and effective application operation. In addition, you will serve as a liaison between non-technical system users and IT staff, vendors and service providers; provide technical support and training to users; troubleshoot issues with computer applications and systems at the court; and prepare, manage and distribute procedures, training materials, and a variety of scheduled and ad-hoc reports. Your ability to seek and achieve high customer satisfaction is key. Apply today, and help the court continue finding innovative ways to conduct business and provide essential court services to our community! Visit http://www.sanmateocourt.org/ for more information on our organization. The ideal candidate will possess the following preferred qualifications: A minimum of three (3) years of experience as a software developer, application integration specialist, IT analyst or related position. A minimum of three (3) years of relevant experience with Structured Query Language (SQL). A minimum of two (2) years in an IT department leading or supporting projects involving application implementation. A minimum of two (2) years of relevant experience with report writing applications. Strong application design/architecture, integration architecture development and enterprise application integration skills. Strong SQL database skills with direct experience in developing complex database applications on Microsoft SQL Server using SQL, Transact-SQL (TSQL), and Stored Procedures. Strong project management and organization skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Experience with programming languages including Microsoft Visual C, Visual Basic, Extensible Markup Language (XML), National Information Exchange Model (NIEM), Web Services Description Language (WSDL), XML Path Language (XPath), XML Schema Definition (XSD) and Extensible Stylesheet Language Transformations (XSLT). Experience with data modeling, information design and concept generation. Experience with Windows Internet Information Services (IIS). Knowledge of functional requirements analysis and business process analysis. Knowledge of methods and techniques used in troubleshooting and maintaining software applications. Familiarity with Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL)/IT Service Delivery lifecycle. A work style that is detail-oriented, self-motivated and able to work independently. Ability to innovate, adapt, and grow into increasingly complex roles and environments. Ability to adjust and set priorities to meet deadlines. Ability to establish strong working relationships. Ability to learn the business of the court to translate business needs into technical solutions. Primary Responsibilities: Lead or assist with projects involving the development, testing, implementation, monitoring and support of hardware/software-based systems throughout the court. Provide court applications and operations support to users with high customer satisfaction. Partner with business and technology subject-matter experts to elicit and translate business requirements into technological solutions. Develop and support integration systems between justice partners utilizing Microsoft Visual Studio, IIS, XML and application programming interface (API) technologies. Create and implement test plans for projects and requests. Write SQL queries for data analysis, complex reports using Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services, as well as clear and comprehensive report specifications. Build collaborative relationships and maintain good communications with various internal and external stakeholders. Assist other team members, as needed, to meet deadlines. NOTE: The eligible list generated from this recruitment may be used to fill future extra-help, term, unclassified, and regular classified vacancies. Examples Of Duties: Perform a variety of analytical duties in the design, implementation and maintenance of department information systems and applications. Confer with department staff to define application requirements and translate such business needs into technical solutions; prepare requirement specifications, designs and other documentation for departmental systems and/or subsystems. Analyze business processes for opportunities to improve automation using available resources and technologies, and prepare recommendations and proposals. Work with court IT department on new systems implementation, including Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats (SWOT) analysis, alignment with related systems, and planning objectives and measures. Develop Microsoft Windows based solutions using Microsoft Visual Studio, XML, and custom API software languages. Perform related duties as assigned. _IT Application Analysts may also perform technical support activities that include, but are not limited to, the following:_ Evaluate and test system upgrades; install, configure, maintain, troubleshoot and upgrade department software applications; and troubleshoot hardware and software related problems. Work with computer systems, such as server, desktop, and peripheral equipment related to applications used within the court; determine severity of problem and resolve or refer to appropriate personnel or vendor for resolution. Evaluate new software products for use by department staff and provide expert advice to users on software applications. Qualifications: _Education and Experience:_ Any combination of education and experience that would likely provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities is qualifying. A typical way to qualify is: Education: Graduation from a four-year college or equivalent technical certification with coursework in computer science, information systems, or closely related field; and Experience: One year of experience providing technical and/or analytical support in computer operations or production support. _Knowledge of:_ Methods and techniques used in troubleshooting and maintaining computer hardware and software applications. Programming languages and operating systems. Data organization and access methods in automated systems. Operational characteristics of various hardware platforms, peripheral equipment and desktop applications including electronic mail systems, spreadsheets, word processing, database, presentation graphics, client/server applications, and communication protocols. Job planning and prioritizing techniques for self and others. Record keeping and filing principles and practices. _Skill/Ability to:_ Provide advanced technical and analytical support to multiple users of broad based applications. Analyze operational and systems problems, evaluate alternatives and reach sound conclusions. Use initiative and sound independent judgment within established procedural guidelines to support automation systems and software applications. Communicate effectively, orally and in writing, with both technical and non-technical personnel. Prepare clear, concise and accurate documentation, instructions, correspondence and other written materials. Organize work, set priorities for self and others and meet critical deadlines. Evaluate, recommend, implement, test and install software applications. Install, test, configure and support hardware and software used by the department. Monitor, troubleshoot and maintain local area networks and local portions of wide area networks. Develop and present comprehensive training material for the appropriate area. Respond effectively to user problems and needs. Maintain accurate records and files. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with those contacted in the course of the work. Application/Examination: Open and Promotional. Anyone may apply. Current San Mateo County and San Mateo County Superior Court employees with at least six months (1040 hours) of continuous service in a classified regular, probationary, SEIU or AFSCME represented extra-help/term position prior to the final filing date will receive five points added to their final passing score on this examination. _This recruitment is being conducted in collaboration with the County of San Mateo._ _Responses to the supplemental questions must be submitted in addition to our regular employment application form. A resume will not be accepted as a substitute for the required employment application and supplemental questionnaire._ The examination process will consist of an application screening (pass/fail) based on the candidate's application and responses to the supplemental questions. Candidates who pass the application screening will be invited to a panel interview (weight: 100%). Depending on the number of applicants, an application appraisal of education and experience may be used in place of other examinations, or further evaluation of work experience may be conducted to group applicants by level of qualification. _Applicants who meet the minimum qualifications are not guaranteed advancement through any subsequent phase of the examination._ All examinations will be given in San Mateo County, California, and applicants must participate at their own expense. IMPORTANT : Applications for this position will only be accepted online. If you are currently on the County's website, you may click the "Apply Online" button above or below. If you are not on the County's website, please go to http://jobs.smcgov.org/ to apply. Online applications must be received by the Human Resources Department before midnight on the final filing date. TENTATIVE RECRUITMENT SCHEDULE Final Filing Date: August 13, 2018, 11:59 PM Application Screening: August 16, 2018 Panel Interview: August 29 and/or 30, 2018 The Superior Court of California, County of San Mateo is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and we encourage applications from candidates who will contribute to our diversity. Note: Although the County is conducting the recruitment with the Superior Court, this position is not a County position. Analyst: Lillian Lilles (071918) (Information Technology Analyst - Courts - X152)