Ambassador is looking for talented Full Stack Engineers who are interested in solving complex problems and shipping beautiful products as part of an ambitious, world-class engineering team. Ambassador engineers demand quality and efficiency, and love taking on responsibility with the freedom to make a large impact. As an Ambassador engineer you will EXECUTE WITH URGENCY by shipping code within your first week and immediately begin contributing meaningful value to the team. In a company where we THINK LONG TERM, Full Stack Engineers will receive mentorship from day one and will eventually be shaped into a mentor for future employees. In your 1st Month you will… Practice disciplined software engineering (automated testing, code reviews, and writing clean, pragmatic code). Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship extraordinary products. Be flexible, grow, and learn fast in a fun yet professional startup environment. In your 3rd Month you will… CHOOSE COMRADERY by working closely with our UI/UX designer to help create innovative solutions that ensure advanced functionality, cutting-edge performance, and high reliability. Begin participating in code reviews, project meetings, and design discussions. Develop technical skills in order to write more complex code. Design and build scalable services and drive major architecture implementations. Rapidly iterate to improve performance and incorporate user feedback and insights. Design and build fast and usable interfaces and tools on top of various APIs. In your 6th Month you will… Begin writing tech specs. Continue to write complex code, while enhancing your capabilities. OWN IT by designing products from start to finish. Desired Skills & Expertise Able to operate across more than one discipline between front-end and back-end. Familiarity with several programming languages, frameworks, and architectures with significant experience in at least one. Our stack includes but is not limited to Python, Django Rest Framework, Tornado, Celery, Redis, Postgres, React, Redux, ES6+, Webpack, Sass, ImmutableJS, and Enzyme. Solid understanding of interacting with remote data, third-party libraries, and APIs. We integrate with social APIs, eCommerce platforms, and other third-party services such as Twilio and Stripe. Experience creating and deploying applications from the ground up. Self-starting and understands the big picture. Always looking to improve practices and processes. Attention to detail, good judgement, excellent communication, and a great attitude.