A Systems Administrator is responsible for maintaining OEM Software. The Systems Administrator will (1) oversee the smooth functioning and interaction of OEM systems throughout the enterprise and (2) ensure the ability of users to access those systems as required. The Systems Administrator should have a working knowledge of the overall business requirements, The Systems Administrator will ensure that the packaged applications utilized within the organization are installed and supported in a manner that enables the efficient and effective use of the application. Essential Responsibilities (List in order of importance) Other duties as assigned. 1\. Administer departmental packaged applications as assigned, including: Install OEM Software; Create new users within the application; Perform system maintenance; Monitor system activity; Gather system statistics; follow up on reported errors and alarms; Manage user and system capacity; Perform application maintenance as required; Facilitate appropriate testing before changes are introduced to locations, and schedule activities in accordance with the business requirements; Provide Tier II/other support; Troubleshoot standard performance and operational errors in the application environment. Work closely with the OEM and BTM team to provide end-user support and issue resolution; Maintain documentation for all processes and procedures. Work with other FIT technical and networking groups as necessary Coordinate upgrades with other FIT technical teams. Assist as necessary with any related support activities. Serve as the Remote Site Coordinator. Coordinate both workstation and system procedures. Assist remote users with connectivity issues. 2\. Provide a level of Customer Service that facilitates an efficient use of the packaged applications used by our customers. Work closely with customer to understand the deployed packaged applications and provide recommendations for use. Effectively manage customer expectations, especially when assumptions change; 3\. Maintain strong relationships with vendor partners. 4\. May require late night or weekend support, as well as the ability to quickly respond to problems 24 x 7. Supervisory Responsibilities: This position does not have any direct supervisory responsibilities. May participate in project or process improvement teams. Some Project Management. Qualifications: Education and/or Experience: Qualifications: Demonstrate a thorough understanding of the systems development life cycle. Demonstrate strong planning skills. Demonstrate good relationship-developing skills. Demonstrate effective human relations skills. Is customer focused. Is able to support change. Is able to communicate effectively- orally and in writing. Understanding of technical and business requirements. Bachelor's degree from four-year college or university; plus four to five years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential function satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. (For optimum performance, the jobholder in this position would be expected to demonstrate appropriate knowledge, skills, and abilities in the listed areas.) Certificates, Licenses, and Registrations: Valid driver's license. Physical Demands: The physical requirements described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. While performing the duties of the job, the associate is required on a daily basis to analyze and interpret data, communicate, and remain in a stationary position for a significant amount of the work day; and frequently access, input, and retrieve information from the computer and other office productivity devices. The associate is regularly required to move about the office and around the corporate campus. The associate is occasionally required to travel to other sites, including out-of-state, where applicable, for business. The associate must frequently move up to 10 pounds and occasionally move up to 25 pounds. Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. While the job is generally performed in an office environment, the associate is occasionally exposed to wet and/or humid conditions, areas in which moving mechanical parts, fumes, toxic or caustic chemicals are present, and outside weather conditions. The noise level in the office environment is typically quiet, but the associate may be occasionally exposed to loud noise levels. Minimal travel is required for this position (up to 20% of the time and on a domestic basis). Is legally able to work in the United States.