DDS Spec Proj Sys Analyst V This position reports to the Director of Data and Decision Support (DDS), or her designee, and serves as the manager for the Data and Decision Support Analytics team. The Analytics Division of DDS serves all DFPS programs - Adult Protective Services (APS), Child Protective Services (CPS), Prevention and Early Intervention (PEI), Child Care Licensing, (CCL) and Statewide Intake (SWI) - as well as administrative and support functions in DFPS Operations. As manager of the DDS Analytics team, this position will oversee a team of technical analysts whose main focus is helping the agency engage in better data driven decision making. This includes working to develop reporting and data delivery strategies for new and ongoing agency initiatives. This position will evaluate the effectiveness of DFPS program initiatives, and significant programmatic changes. This position will conduct data analysis to better understand how DFPS programs are operating, and evaluation of outcomes of those programs. They will lead ongoing efforts to move DFPS online reporting from static Oracle reports to a more dynamic Tableau environment. This position will analyze data requests, code and produce both internal and externally releasable reports for the agency, to include diagrams and logic flowcharts and other visual representations of data and analysis. This position will review work products of other analysts, and will interact routinely with agency program staff, division managers, regional staff and other analysts to ensure requirements are met and work products are appropriately reviewed and validated. This position will interact with staff from other agencies and outside entities as required to facilitate data sharing, obtain required work products or for consultation. This position will participate in data system design meetings for new agency initiatives to ensure the agency's ability to report applicable data. A successful applicant must be able to design methodologically sound evaluations, manage projects to completion, and effectively translate results into useful, actionable information. This position will perform simultaneous management of multiple complex assignments while determining the scope, purpose, timeline and expected outcomes of evaluation assignments. This position will define problems and make recommendations appropriate to the analysis or evaluation design. This position will oversee several analysts and ensure they have everything they need in order to succeed. This position will compile and analyze data from multiple sources, including creating and developing data extracts, building and reviewing complex data dashboards, and will conducting sophisticated statistical analyses based on that data. This position will drafts reports and create insightful data visualizations regarding analysis and evaluation projects in an understandable and useable format so that policy makers can use them to make decisions about how to improve programs and initiatives. This position will routinely interact with internal and external stakeholders and will plan, organize and conduct or facilitate internal and external meetings and workgroups for ongoing analysis and evaluation needs and projects. This position will extract data from IMPACT, CLASS, PEIS, IMACT, HCATS, HHSAS, and other agency databases, and documents, designs, validates and implements reporting methodologies for multiple areas of specialization using selected DFPS methodology and case tools. This position will perform quality assurance tasks to ensure accuracy of analysis and reporting and document processes and procedures for technical and non-technical users, and will participate in database design sessions for new initiatives and enhancements to ensure reporting needs are met. This position will manage and mentor a team of analysts, and will provide expertise to aid in decision making and problem resolution. The ideal candidate for this position will have experience overseeing long term projects and work assignments, as well as supervising technical staff. This position will promote and demonstrate appropriate respect for cultural diversity among coworkers and all work- related contacts, attend work regularly in accordance with agency leave policy, and perform other duties as assigned and required to maintain unit operations. Essential Job Functions: Simultaneous management of multiple complex assignments Determines the scope, purpose, timeline and expected outcomes of evaluation assignments. Defines problems and makes recommendations appropriate to the analysis or evaluation design Compiles and analyzes data from multiple sources, including creating and coding databases Develops and presents data visualizations in order to support better data driven decision making throughout the agency Drafts reports regarding analysis and evaluation projects in an understandable and useable format so policy makers can use them to make decisions about how to improve programs and initiatives Routinely interacts with internal and external stakeholders Plans, organizes and conducts or facilitates internal and external meetings and workgroups for ongoing analysis and evaluation needs and projects Extracts data from IMPACT, CLASS, PEIS, IMACT, HCATS, HHSAS, or other agency databases. Documents, designs, validates and implements reporting methodologies for multiple areas of specialization using selected DFPS methodology and case tools Performs quality assurance tasks to ensure accuracy of analysis and reporting Documents processes and procedures for technical and non-technical users Provides leadership to a team of analysts, and to others in the division Provides expertise to aid in decision making and problem resolution Participates in dashboard design sessions for new initiatives and enhancements to ensure reporting needs are met Knowledge Skills Abilities: Knowledge of, and experience with, DFPS programs and operations. Knowledge of and experience with analysis and evaluation as related to program planning and implementation. Knowledge of continuous quality improvement methods. Knowledge of predictive analytics and the application of such to improve systems. Knowledge of research design, methods, principles, techniques and philosophies. Knowledge of statistical concepts, systems analysis and their application to systems improvement. Knowledge of measurement testing and evaluation. Knowledge of principles, practices and methods of project management Knowledge of relational databases Knowledge of data presentation practices and theory Skill in researching and troubleshooting data issues and solving complex problems Skill in leading effective teams Ability to analyze systems, procedures and problems to develop solutions Ability to perform detailed work accurately Ability to learn and apply new technology Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to draft concise reports, with visual representations, and to make oral presentations to a variety of audiences. Experience extracting, organizing, quality checking and managing datasets Ability to work constructively in a team, and on one's own. Ability to prioritize and meet tight deadlines Customer service focused Ability to adapt and modify behavior in response to changes in situations or priorities. Promotes and demonstrates appropriate respect for cultural diversity among coworkers and all work-related contacts Attends work regularly in accordance with agency leave policy Ability to think outside the box Performs other duties as assigned and required to maintain unit operations Registration or Licensure Requirements: N/A Initial Selection Criteria: Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university, with a relevant degree such as research, statistics, social sciences, public administration, policy analysis, computer science, computer information systems or management information systems. Master's degree preferred. Minimum of 3 years applied experience managing research or evaluation projects. Experience using predicative analytics and evaluating large data sets preferred. Experience in data extraction and report layout and design preferred. Minimum of 3 years of applied experience analyzing data using various software. Demonstrated skill in Microsoft Office products, writing SQL and/or PL/SQL code, using software such as Oracle Reports and business intelligence and data visualization tools, such as Tableau, preferred. Minimum of 3 years in a supervisory role leading effective teams. DFPS experience preferred. Additional Information: MOS Code: Note: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include: 25B, IT, 275, 0171, 3D0X2. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.