Our team builds APIs that power the offline world. We started with our print and mail API, which helps developers programmatically send, route, and track physical mail at scale. Since addresses are the gateway to the offline world, our second API is address verification, which helps people make sure the things they’re sending actually get there. Customers and developers love our products, and we’re growing fast to meet their needs. We are bringing intelligence to an underserved industry by using data in new ways. We’re hiring a Head of Data to help us build the technology and culture we need to grow quickly and delight customers. At Lob, you’ll help us design and implement a three-stage plan. First, we’ll design a data pipeline and warehousing schema to make analytics and reporting trivial for analysts and decision-makers around the company. Then, we'll build descriptive and predictive models that give us deeper insight into key business questions. Finally, we'll build data products that directly deliver value to end customers. This is a leadership position, reporting straight to our VP of Engineering. In the beginning, you’ll roll up your sleeves and help us meet some of our immediate needs around collecting and sharing data and making data-driven decisions. As you come to understand our opportunities, needs, and culture, you’ll work with us to hire and develop a world-class team of data scientists and data engineers. We’re a collaborative, inclusive, and non-political team. If you can see the impact and opportunity that you could have here and are excited about building up an amazing data ecosystem, let’s talk! As the Head of Data at Lob, you’ll... Ensure access to clean and usable data for stakeholders throughout the company. Design and implement our data pipeline. Use statistical techniques to help decision-makers throughout the company make better and more quantifiable decisions. Represent our data-related opportunities and needs to the company as a member of our Extended Leadership Team. Hire and mentor data scientists and data engineers. Find new opportunities to put our data to work in service of our customers without compromising end-user privacy or security. Help us realize a data-informed culture and teach people how to Think Like A Scientist. For this role, we’re looking for... At least 2 years of prior experience as a manager. We’ll want to hear how your reports developed and grew under your leadership. Fantastic communication skills. You should be able to explain your approach and the impact of your work to non-technical stakeholders in a way that is clear to them. Strong analytical skills, as demonstrated through examples of past data projects that answered business-critical questions for the company. These projects might include exploratory data analyses, data deep dives, analytics and reporting, or predictive modeling. In other words, you have working experience as a practicing data scientist in a senior role. Experience designing and building data engineering projects and ETL workflows. It may not be your full-time role to operate data infrastructure, but you should have the skills to unstick yourself when needed, and to help future reports make the appropriate technical decisions for our needs. Since great data scientists come from lots of diverse backgrounds, it doesn’t particularly matter if you have a specific degree—we want to hear about your contributions in a business setting. We’re not just building a platform to make the world programmable. We’re also designing a great place to work. ( https://lob.com/blog/lobs-culture-values ) Our team loves working at Lob because... Lob was built by technical co-founders with a vision to make the world programmable ( https://lob.com/blog/vision-mission ). We offer two flagship APIs (print & mail and address verification) Our business model is incredibly sustainable and Lob has thousands of customers ranging from startups to Fortune 100 companies. Customers use Lob’s suite of APIs to mail fully dynamic and personalized customer communications with print media Venture-backed by the most reputable investors in tech ( https://venturebeat.com/2017/05/31/ycs-continuity-fund-leads-20-million-investment-in-lobs-mail-service/ ), we have the funding to invest in fast growth We are a small but dynamic and passionate team based in San Francisco. We give our employees a lot of responsibility and ownership of their work. You will have fun at work while engaging in challenging projects with the best and brightest Our perks include: Health benefits for you and your dependent(s) Flexible Spending Accounts Open vacation policy Commuter benefits Wellness program Paid parental leave Ground floor opportunity as an early member of the Lob team; you’ll directly shape the direction of our company Free lunch, dinner, and snacks 401K