Job Title: Data Scientist - Machine Learning Position Overview Our data science team is seeking an experienced machine learning engineer. The successful candidate will work with the data science and AI engineering teams to select algorithms, implement new methodologies, and formulate solutions to challenging problems. Job Duties/Responsibilities Design, train and deliver machine learning solutions to a wide range of datasets: from small datasets to big data, time series to 3D matrices, both unlabeled and labelled Implement, test and validate new algorithms in a way that can be used by the data science team Formulate learning algorithms in complex multi-physics systems with diverse data sets Stay up-to-date with the latest machine learning techniques by reviewing literature, attending conferences, etc Work in a highly collaborative environment to brainstorm, design, implement and deliver ML solutions to some of the most challenging industrial IOT problems Qualifications and Skills Minimum 3 years of experience in application of ML algorithms in general and deep learning in particular PhD in EE, CS or similar field 2+ years of experience with deep learning algorithms and techniques, including but not limited to: CNN, LSTM, RNN TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch Optimization Techniques Reinforcement Learning Minimum 5 years of programming experience one or more of the following: Python, Java, Matlab Preferred Requirements Graph-based Machine Learning Research experience with high impact publications Application of ML in industrial projects About Beyond Limits Beyond Limits is a pioneering Artificial Intelligence company with a technology legacy in Space Exploration. A spinoff of NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab and Caltech, Beyond Limits provides advanced intelligence solutions that go far beyond conventional AI. Our cognitive computing technology mimics human thought processes and provides autonomous reasoning to aid human-like decision-making. Beyond Limits provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Beyond Limits complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Beyond Limits expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Beyond Limit’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.