Position Overview As a Data Expert within PNC's Enterprise Data Management Analytics Competency Center , you will be involved in building out the BI data infrastructure for Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and automating analytic processes around this function. This will include utilizing SQL/HiveQL and Tableau to develop BI data solutions. The candidate should possess significant business analysis, data analysis, and requirements development expertise, along with data visualization experience. For Tableau, the candidate must possess some mix of extensive experience and/or certification. Experience and understanding of AML is a plus. This position can be based in Kalamazoo, MI, Wilmington, DE, Strongsville, OH, Pittsburgh, PA or Oshtemo, MI. Job Profile Manages data assets that are in compliance with data governance standards, policies and processes. Develops strategies for data implementation, data acquisition, and archive recovery. Helps advise business, applications and operations counterparts to ensure data integrity and availability. Structures the environment and creates logical storage units especially for size and physical locations, to map database elements into logical units. Develops strategies and processes for data implementation, data acquisition, execution, reporting and archive recovery. Resolves data integration and security issues for adherence to the organization's quality standards. Core Competencies Manages Risk - Working Experience Assesses and effectively manages all of the risks associated with their business objectives and activities to ensure activities are in alignment with the bank's and unit's risk appetite and risk management framework. Customer Focus - Extensive Experience Knowledge of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions, and ability to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions. Job Specific Competencies Data Mining - Extensive Experience Knowledge of tools, techniques and practices in data mining technologies used to acquire essential business information. IT Standards, Procedures & Policies - Extensive Experience Knowledge of and the ability to utilize a variety of administrative skill sets and technical knowledge to manage organizational IT policies, standards, and procedures. Modeling: Data, Process, Events, Objects - Extensive Experience Knowledge of and the ability to use tools and techniques for analyzing and documenting logical relationships among data, processes or events. Data Administration - Extensive Experience Knowledge of and the ability to manage an organization's architectures, data resources, polices, practices and procedures to appropriately and effectively address business and stakeholder's needs. Data Governance - Subject Matter Expertise Knowledge of and the ability to develop and maintain an organization's data in order to meet business requirements. IT Audit and Control - Extensive Experience Knowledge of and ability to use tools, controls, techniques, established principals and standards to ascertain the quality, effectiveness, security and accuracy of information systems. Business Intelligence - Extensive Experience Knowledge of and ability to utilize business processes and technologies for gathering, storing, analyzing, and providing access to data that helps the organization make better business decisions. Root Cause Analysis (RCA) - Extensive Experience Knowledge of and ability to use a structured approach to identify the cause of undesirable consequences in a manufacturing environment and the changes needed to prevent a recurrence. Required Education and Experience Roles at this level typically require a university / college degree, with 5+ years of industry-relevant experience. Specific certifications are often required. In lieu of a degree, a comparable combination of education and experience (including military service) may be considered. EEO Statement PNC provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law