Our Exciting Work Environment Grounded in a foundation of family ownership for over 100 years, Delaware North has earned a reputation as one of the most admired family-owned hospitality companies in the world. At Little Caesars Arena, we provide food and beverage concessions, luxury suites catering, restaurant services and retail for our partners, the NHL’s Detroit Red Wings, NBA’s Detroit Pistons and events spanning from college championship games to world-renowned artists. Located in the heart of Detroit, this state of the art facility combines new- age restaurants and shopping while preserving the historic love for these two Detroit teams. We’re working behind the scenes and on the front lines – making each guest experience, moment and memory the best it can be. Position Details Your Role: The position is for associates interested in working in our Sportservice operations. You will have the opportunity to gain exposure to our business, develop your administrative skills, and determine if you would like to pursue a career in our industry. The program will consist primarily of on-the-job training. This position is considered part time, working between 30-40 hours per week. As an HR Office Administrator, you will be responsible for assisting the Human Resources department at the unit level. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Assist the department with employee incentive programs to meet unit goals. Assist with the coordination of new-hire and re-hire orientations and required training for all staff. Ensure compliance with federal and state employment regulations, as well as company policies and procedures; including maintenance of personnel files and internal auditing. Additional responsibilities: Help answer basic payroll questions including how to log in to our employee self-service program,People Manager, how to activate pay cards, how to sign up for direct deposit, payroll edit requests, etc. Tracking and distributing pay cards for all new hires once entered Enrolling associates into biometrics for new hires New hire uploads in order to schedule associates for orientation Communicating orientation information to new hires including call fires, emails, etc. Responsible for the distribution and tracking of all associate badges Responsible for all incoming and outgoing mail Overseeing the front desk including answering phones, greeting associates and guests, etc. Basic troubleshooting of associate problems and concerns Our Expectations: Qualified candidates must have: Good organizational skills Attention to detail Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management and associates Team oriented/ ability to work well with others Ability to work a flexible schedule (nights, holidays, weekends, etc.); willingness and ability to work long hours Highly motivated with a desire to work in a fast-paced sports and entertainment environment. Ability to prioritize multiple demands; time management skills Major or minor in or with an emphasis in business management or related field, preferred Proficient in Microsoft Office Self-sufficient This is an hourly position, wages depending upon experience. Recruiting Ensure compliance to recruitment policies, processes, and procedures Partner with hiring managers to fill open positions, communicating with HR and hiring managers. Create job posting descriptions and post vacancies using PeopleManager Recruiting system. Monitor and evaluate job posting responses Maintain LCA websites Pre-screen candidates, administer pre-employment assessment, set up interview schedules, conduct interviews, co-ordinate verification checks, send job offers, new hire paperwork and track candidates. Seek candidates and develop and maintain local networks to ensure constant flow of qualified candidates using a variety of sources, including direct sourcing utilizing social media and network contacts, internet postings, database searches, and referrals to create diverse candidate groups. Perform recruiting tasks with a sense of urgency and aggressiveness necessary to achieve or exceed desired staffing levels on a regular and consistent basis Establish trust and confidence by maintaining a high level of credibility, integrity, and skilled communications with managers, HR, and candidates. Schedule new hire orientation with applicants and managers Who We Are Take your career beyond the ordinary—to the extraordinary. At Delaware North, you’ll love where you work, who you work with, and how your day unfolds. Whether it’s in sporting venues, casinos, airports, national parks, iconic hotels, or premier restaurants, there’s no telling where your career can ultimately take you. We empower you to do great work in a company with 100 years of success, stability and growth. If you have drive and enjoy the thrill of making things happen - share our vision, grow with us. Delaware North is one of the largest and most admired, privately-held hospitality companies in the world. Founded and owned by the Jacobs family for nearly 100 years, it is a global leader in hospitality and food service with operations in the sports, travel hospitality, restaurants and catering, parks, resorts, gaming and specialty retail industries. Delaware North has annual revenue exceeding $3 billion with 60,000 employee associates. To learn more, visit www.delawarenorth.com. All applicants will be subject to a pre-employment background check and may be subject to a pre-employment drug test depending upon the position and/or client requirements. Delaware North Companies, Incorporated and its subsidiaries consider applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. Delaware North is an equal opportunity employer.