St. Catherine University invites applications for an Operations Business Intelligence Analyst in the Institutional Advancement department. The Operations Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for providing data, reports, measurements and analysis of Institutional Advancement operations. This position will create measures, translate data requests into accurate reflections of performance, and create robust reporting tools to manage performance and educate the University in regards to fundraising efforts. The Operations Business Intelligence Analyst will also document processes, anticipate needs, write accurate and detailed reports, develop, and deliver training materials for utilizing Institutional Advancement information. Responsibilities: Plan, develop, organize, implement, design and evaluate reporting processes and efforts. Develop reporting standards and timeline projections for all reporting projects. Perform analysis of institutional advancement performance measures with the goal of educating staff and improving overall performance. Identify solutions for collecting data and distributing reports to end users. Create reporting that is comprehensive and visual for end users. Conduct regular review and analysis of the reports. This includes planning for annual updates prior to beginning of new fiscal year. Develops, tests and documents Business Intelligence reports and applications. Interacts with business users in various functional areas to gather and interprets requirements to ensure that information products satisfy business needs. Assists with data modeling and metadata development in order to translate business requirements into robust reporting and analytics tools. Develops programming scripts to create and maintain data structures that support reporting and BI applications. Perform regular system and process audits to monitor and improve applications’ performance and to ensure data integrity. Work closely with Operations Data and Systems Analyst to develop and maintain data standards and performance measures. Train end users on metrics and utilization of performance reports. Position Qualifications Requirements: Minimum 3 years of professional level experience in business intelligence reporting and analytics. Minimum 2 years of experience developing end user reports utilizing a variety of tools. Skills working with SQL, data manipulation and/or programming language. In-depth knowledge of data warehouse principals and reporting platforms. Demonstrate understanding of analytical techniques to measure key business drivers. Successful experience working effectively independently and in team settings. Proven skills in creating charts and graphs to inform business operations. Ability to identify and troubleshoot information integrity issues. Preferred: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Management Information Systems. Experience working with Ellucian Banner, Salesforce, Appworx, Argos or similar tools for managing data and documents, automation and reporting Experience in a higher education environment. Special/Other Requirements Summary To apply: Please visit the St. Catherine University Employment Site at http://www.stkate.edu/hr for electronic application information and details. Candidates of color are encouraged to apply, as are those who will contribute to a diverse candidate pool. Requisition number is 20180034-Staff. Applicants may also visit the St. Catherine University Human Resources office to submit an electronic application. We are located in Derham Hall, Room 8. Application review begins immediately, position open until filled. St. Catherine University 2004 Randolph Avenue, St. Paul, MN 55105 EEO /AA/Drug Free Workplace Employer ~Tobacco-Free Campuses _Our university is a proud member of the Upper Midwest_ _HERC_ _and is committed to recruiting and retaining outstanding and diverse faculty and staff and assisting dual career couples. For more information and to find other higher education jobs in the Upper Midwest region, visit: www.uppermidwestherc.org_ Posting Detail Information Posting Start Date 06/11/2018 Close Date