You won’t just shape the world of software. You’ll shape the world of life, work and play. The American Express Big Data Platforms and Systems Engineering (BDP) team is responsible for ensuring reliability of the enterprise big data warehouse and the success of the various critical initiatives that depend on big data platform. We're seeking an engineer who possesses deep technical and analytical skills and can work as part of an ultra agile team of strong engineers. Our engineers "know" big data and keep up with the latest technologies. They're able to quickly assess a problem and provide good solutions. Other than just technical expertise, they also display good judgement and intuition honed by learning from past experience. This position suits someone who possesses strong technical fundamentals, can take the initiative to research and determine the right solution for non trivial requirements and quickly implement proof of concept. The candidate should be able to study and possibly extend open source code of various projects. You won’t just keep up, you’ll break new ground. There are hundreds of opportunities to make your mark on technology and life at American Express. Here’s just some of what you’ll be doing: Contribute in an agile team. Contribute to the release of new features on the platform by working with the product and technical leadership. Help formulate and enforce best practices, ensure great test coverage for all projects. Incorporate DevOps practices in day to day work. Ensure Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery for all the projects owned by your team. Work on proof of concepts on new tools and technologies to assess their feasibility for the Amex big data platform. Support and help deliver critical initiatives that rely on the Amex Enterprise Big Data Warehouse. Design, gather and present quality metrics to quantify the benefit of all the changes on the platform. _Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions._ Qualifications Are you up for the challenge? Bachelor's or master’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline, or equivalent work experience, is preferred 2+ years of software development experience in: Java, Python, Go 2+ years of Linux Experience. Ideally you have contributed to OpenSource projects Good understanding of big data technologies such as Spark, Mapreduce, YARN, Hive, Zookeeper etc. Preferably, with some real world experience. Good understanding of NoSQL technologies such as HBase, Cassandra, Redis, memcache etc. Preferably, with some real world experience. Ability to effectively interpret technical and business objectives and challenges and articulate solutions Willingness to learn new technologies and exploit them to their optimal potential At the core of Software Engineering Every member of our team must be able to demonstrate the following technical, functional, leadership and business core competencies, including: Agile Practices Porting/Software Configuration Programming Languages and Frameworks Business Analysis Analytical Thinking Business Product Knowledge Why American Express Talk to our people and you’ll find out what we’re really all about. Open, creative, risk-taking, collaborative and innovative are just some of the expressions you’ll hear. It’s our culture that makes American Express an outstanding place to work, and a big part of why we regularly win best workplace awards all over the world. If you’re ready to take on a challenge and make an impact, you owe it to yourself to launch or grow your career here. American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law. US Candidates/Employees: Click here to view the "EEO is the Law" poster and supplement and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement. If the links do not work, please copy and paste the following URLs in a new browser window: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm and http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/EO13665_PrescribedNondiscriminationPostingLanguage_JRFQA508c.pdf ReqID: 18011887 Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time