What you'll be doing... The Vice President, Information Technology is responsible for planning, coordinating, directing, and designing all operational activities of the IT department, as well as providing direction and support for innovative IT solutions that enhance mission-critical business operations. The VP, IT will demonstrate global leadership including resource allocation, project management, system integration, innovation and analysis. She/he will work closely with Senior Management across all departments to identify, recommend, develop, implement and support secure solutions enabling employee productivity. The VP, IT will act as a Strategic Business Partner within the organization and on all IT related matters. Some of the things you'll be doing... Leadership and management of the IT team including resource management, hiring, mentorship, and performance management. Manage and direct the planning, development, testing, implementation and support of voice, data and application-based technologies and functions. Develop/manage a strong IT team that is committed to exceptional customer service, high availability of IT services and systems and rapid response to critical business needs. Deploy services across cloud-based vendors. Ensure the development of documentation, including appropriate policies and procedures and managing adherence to those corporate IT standards. Monitor performance of infrastructure equipment, coordinate equipment installation and delivery schedules. Identify requirements for infrastructure and operational expansion based on current and projected company growth metrics and objectives. Responsible for all IT disaster recovery planning and testing for IT solutions and services. Ensure a high quality, high availability computing and telephony environment including data and system backup and restore functions. Hire, develop, and mentor all IT staff. Maintain knowledge of existing technologies, including new products. Constant and proactive communication with your customers is essential. Maintain capital and opex budget in conjunction with business requirements. Consistently support compliance by maintaining the privacy and confidentiality of information, protecting the assets of the organization, acting with ethics and integrity, reporting non-compliance, and adhering to applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations, and the Company’s policies and procedures. Who you are... Experienced. 15+ years' practical hands-on experience managing IT teams within high growth companies in the software industry supporting enterprise level environments, with a strong knowledge of all technical functions related to IT infrastructure. Highly Technical. You have well-developed technical skills including strong cloud migration experience, with an ability to work collaboratively across functional areas. You have a strong understanding of networking, systems architecture and administration, including troubleshooting experience with internet architectures. Innovator. You have a strong track record of innovation within growing companies, including driving your team to innovate. A True Leader. You have excellent interpersonal and both written and oral communication skills, demonstrated by the ability to listen to and empathize with others, convey confidence, provide exemplary levels of service, resolve conflict effectively, collaborate with and facilitate small groups. Resourceful Team Builder. You build trust within teams and approach problems from a curious, ready-to-learn perspective. You are skilled at organizing resources, establishing priorities, and managing a team of IT professionals. Results-oriented. You make things happen and have a proven track record of driving change. You’ve “been there, done that” and have been through scaling and development of teams. You’re not afraid to roll up your sleeves. Passionate. You understand that delivering industry leading customer support is critical and you thrive in a fast-paced, high energy environment. Educated. Ideally, you have a BS or MS in Computer Science, Information Technology or deep, relevant equivalent experience. You are a Recruiter! Tableau hires company builders and, in this role, you will be asked to be on the constant lookout for the best talent to bring onboard to help us continue to build one of the best companies in the world! Tens of thousands of companies and organizations have chosen Tableau. From the executive suites of Fortune 500 companies to the jungles of Central America, from immunology research labs to high school robotics club meetings, our software can be found anywhere people have data and questions. Additionally, journalists, bloggers, and major media web sites have embraced our free product, Tableau Public, for its ability to help them share data online in the form of interactive visualizations. Check out all of our products at: www.tableau.com/product-tour Tableau Software is a company on a mission. We help people see and understand their data. After a highly successful IPO in 2013, Tableau has become a market-defining company in the business intelligence industry. Our culture is casual and high-energy. We are passionate about our product and our mission and we are loyal to each other and our company. We value work/life balance, efficiency, simplicity, freakishly friendly customer service, and making a difference in the world! Tableau Software is an Equal Opportunity Employer.