Since 1851, MassMutual’s commitment has always been to help people protect their families, support their communities, and help one another. This is why we want to inspire people to Live Mutual. We’re people helping people. A career with us means you will work alongside exceptional people and be empowered to reach your professional and personal goals. Our employees are the foundation of what makes MassMutual a strong, stable and ethical business. We invite you to bring your bright, innovative ideas to MassMutual as we continue to help millions of Americans rely on each other. Together, we’re stronger. Description The Digital Solutions Development organization of MassMutual’s Customer Experience Business Group seeks an experienced Front End Developer who has proven work experience developing and supporting enterprise-class web applications utilizing all front-end technologies. Leveraging a solid knowledge of HTML/CSS, JavaScript, and JavaScript frameworks, candidates will work in a collaborative environment to develop highly interactive digital experiences. The candidate will take direction from tech and creative leads while communicating issues, providing estimates, and helping to envision creative solutions to technical challenges. Candidates must be team-oriented and possess excellent written and verbal communication skills. The ideal candidate will have experience interfacing with various back-end technologies, as well as frameworks and services. Our Front End Developers must demonstrate the ability to master new/emerging technologies and take initiative to offer technical direction and creative solutions. Basic Qualifications Experience in coding and unit testing in HTML/HTML5, CSS3 Intermediate understanding of client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks, including jQuery and BootstrapJS 1 year of experience focused on front end development Excellent understanding of how content, design, and UI work together for an optimal user experience The ability to own the end-to-end front-end development of a project Understanding of semantic meanings on markup code and W3C standards Able to create markup that is consistent across all browsers and platforms, understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them Thorough understanding of fluid and responsive layout, browser behavior and compatibility, and cross-device issues and solutions Strong understanding of peer review and source control (preferably git) Bachelor's degree required Authorized to work in the U.S. with or without sponsorship Preferred Qualifications 4 years’ experience focused on front end development Understanding of SEO principles and digital communication channels like social media platforms and video/YouTube A current knowledge of mobile best practices, including the Apple Human Interface and Android’s material design Knowledge of Adobe Photoshop and other graphic editing tools of the Creative Cloud (this is not a design role, but a good knowledge of basic design and animation principles is a huge plus) Team player and collaborator who can easily adapt and adjust within a dynamic agency environment Ranked No. 77 in the annual FORTUNE ® 500 Ranking (FORTUNE ® Magazine, June 2017) and recognized as a World’s Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere, MassMutual is guided by a single purpose: We help people secure their future and protect the ones they love. As a company owned by our policyowners, we are defined by mutuality and our vision to put customers first. It’s more than our company structure – it’s our way of life. We are a company of people protecting people. Our company exists because people are willing to share risk and resources, and rely on each other when it counts. At MassMutual, we Live Mutual. CORE VALUES Focus on the Customer: We understand our customers well and look for every opportunity to deliver an experience that is clear, easy, personal, human, empowering and trustworthy. Act with Integrity: We deliver on our promises by being open, honest and humble and by adhering to the letter and spirit of applicable laws, rules, regulations and company policies. Value People: We respect and learn from each other’s diverse backgrounds, experiences and ideas. We engage and develop people to their greatest potential. Work Collaboratively: We work together to achieve results by actively listening, seeking, understanding and creating solutions as a unified team driving toward one company, one culture, one brand. Achieve Results: We focus on winning by exceeding expectations and getting better – everyone, every day. For more information, visit www.massmutual.com or find us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Google+, Instagram and Pinterest. _MassMutual is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer Minority/Female/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Individual with Disability/Protected Veteran. We welcome all persons to apply._