Our mission is to protect life. We’re out to make the world a safer place by solving big problems and taking on the public safety challenges of our time. In the next 10 years, we’ll triple the amount of time officers can spend serving their communities. In the next 20, we’ll eliminate paperwork in policing so that officers can focus on what matters. And in the next 50 years, we’ll make the bullet obsolete. It’s a big mission, but it’s one we’ll pursue relentlessly every single day. Come Join Us Are you passionate about Technology and do you want to make a difference in people's lives? Do you care about public safety? Axon’s mission is to ProtectLife. That motivates us every single day. Why not join us to bring new technologies to public-safety and leave a positive impact on the world? We cultivate an environment that favors team work, initiative, and creative thinking. If you have the passion and the technical skills, you will fit right in. Your Impact To fulfill our mission, we are doubling down on our investments and redesigning our platform from the ground up. As part of this investment, we are looking for Sr. Software Developers to work on Axon's Connected-Devices. This is a rare opportunity to make a difference, in a fun, supportive environment. Axon has already revolutionized Law Enforcement with a suite of Connected-Devices, Applications and Services that provide a solution for all aspects of Law Enforcement. You will develop connected devices for evidence collection, such as a new machine vision system with best-in-class HD camera and audio sensors. You will help build an Artificial Intelligence edge- computing platform for critical-event detection and vision applications. You will work closely with our Electrical Engineering team, Cloud platform team, AI team, our Manufacturing team, and our customers. You will spend most of your time crafting and developing software components running on Connected Devices. You will design and implement device drivers, middleware, and application modules running on these devices. You may help optimize embedded software for power consumption, image & audio quality, and bandwidth usage. As a Sr. Engineer, you will also guide other specialists and collaborate with Axon teams and vendors to deliver an integrated solution. Required Skills 5+ years of experience designing, developing and supporting connected/IoT devices, preferably on Embedded Linux or Android. You are also encouraged to apply if you have strong experience building high-performance software of any kind, with a proven passion for IoT. You will be mentoring less experienced members of this team, so strong leadership/communication skills are preferred. Experience and with systems programming languages (e.g.: C/C++, Go) and scripting languages (e.g. python) Proven experience writing lightweight design/interface documents Attention to quality, experience with unit testing and system testing Technologies used Embedded Linux Qualcomm Chipset Python C++ Golang Yocto/Open-embedded Nice to Haves Deep understanding of some of the following: Video Playback, Video Streaming, USB, Ethernet, Wireless (BT, BLE, WiFi, LTE), and IoT cloud integration Deep experience with SE-Linux and/or working knowledge of Yocto/Open-embedded build-system Ability to read schematics and understand electronic circuitry Compensation and Benefits An awesome office/working environment with the latest technology Competitive salary and a comprehensive benefit package Fun team activities and outings Flexible working hours Options for training in the US Opportunities to ride along with local law enforcement We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.