Summary of Duties : Under general supervision, works with business partners within multiple business processes to align technology solutions with business strategies. Supports highly complex Technology Services processes, requiring design or integration of technical solutions that may cross multiple functions of the organization. Serves as technical escalation point. EXAMPLES OF ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS _Management reserves the rights to add, modify, change, or rescind the work assignments of different positions and to make reasonable accommodations so that qualified employees can perform the essential functions of the job._ Establishes and maintains liaison relationship with business partners and TS to provide effective technical solutions; seeks opportunities to improve and deepen relationship between TS and business partners. Provides recommendations for business process redesign and documentation as needed for new technology. Develops user test cases and system integration testing and validates test results during testing; reviews test plans; monitors testing process to ensure that business results are adequately tested with minimal risk; executes test cases; ensures test strategies involve appropriate integration and process components. Investigates, resolves, and escalates problems and develops recommendations for resolution; identifies need for technical assistance to help in problem resolution; works with technical assistance to resolve problems. Informs clients of problems, issues, and resolutions; may manage client expectations; ensures IT solutions meet client needs. Conducts End User Training; may Schedule and coordinates End User Training; writes well defined End User Documentation, including but not limited to solution user manuals Reviews and establishes or may approve End User Training Curriculum and End User Documentation for completeness and correctness. Provides assistance in determining the need for a change request; may identify and remove obstacles to change. Coaches and transfers knowledge to all team members. Conducts research on hardware and software products to provide recommendations and to support purchasing efforts; gathers and verifies requirements; authors technical design for features and modules. Fields incoming issues and problem tickets and escalations from end-users to resolve application and software issues within servers, and other mission-critical application systems. Records, tracks, and documents the problem-solving process, including all successful and unsuccessful decisions made, and actions taken, through to final resolution. Maintains and enhances performance of all new and existing server technology solutions across the organization. Tests fixes and perform post-resolution follow-ups to ensure problems have adequately been resolved; identifies and learns appropriate solutions used and supported by the organization. Creates and maintain system models, specifications, diagrams, and charts to provide direction to team. Participates in the design, development, and delivery of server training programs and individual classes. Posts software updates, drivers, knowledge bases, and frequently asked question resources on company intranet to assist in problem resolution. Performs preventive maintenance, including the installation of service packs, patches, hot fixes, anti-virus software, etc. Performs other duties as assigned. Typical Decisions : The incumbent must decide work priorities and use independent judgment to determine the need for additional or removal for systems related services and repair. Knowledge of: Proven experience in overseeing the design, development, and implementation of software systems, applications, and related products. Proven experience with systems planning, security principles, and general software management best practices. Working technical knowledge of current software protocols, and Internet standards. Extensive experience with core technologies, including VMware, SolarWinds, Splunk, Exchange, Office 365, Skype for Business Excellent software troubleshooting experience. Working knowledge of server and PC operating systems as well as Microsoft Active Directory. Competence with testing, flowchart, and data mapping tools and procedures. Excellent understanding of the organization’s goals and objectives. Knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws. Skill in: Good project management skills. Excellent written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills. Ability to conduct research into systems issues and products as required. Ability to communicate ideas in both technical and user-friendly language. Highly self-motivated and directed, with keen attention to detail. Proven analytical and creative problem-solving abilities. Able to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. Strong customer service orientation. Ability to work in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. Minimum Qualifications: Education: Bachelor Degree from an accredited college or university in computer science or related field. Experience: Eight (8) years of increased responsibility as a Server Administrator or Engineer. Bachelor Degree may be substituted for up to four (4) years of experience. Any work-related experience resulting in acceptable proficiency levels in the above Minimum Qualifications is an acceptable substitute for the above- specified education and experience requirements Licenses and Certifications: Texas Class C driver’s license may be required. Microsoft Certified Engineer (MSCE)- Server Administration (current supported Server Operating System) or equivalent certifications VMWare Certified Professional (VCP) certification or equivalent certification CompTIA Security+ certification or equivalent certification Physical Demands and Working Conditions : The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk and hear. This position is very active and requires standing, walking, bending, kneeling, stooping, crouching, crawling and climbing. The employee must frequently lift and/or move items over 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed and are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills that may be required. The position also requires meeting the essential requirements of the Physical Demands and Working Conditions, with or without reasonable accommodation.