NOTE: This is a TERM appointment (not-to-exceed 4 years). Term appointments are non-status, nonpermanent appointments of limited duration. Term employees are eligible to earn leave and generally have the same benefits as permanent employees including health and life insurance, within-grade increases and Federal Employees Retirement System and Thrift Savings Plan coverage. Term appointments may be extended without further competition. This position involves a multi-grade career ladder. The major duties listed below represent the full performance level of GS-09. At the GS-07 grade level, you will perform assignments of a more limited scope and with less independence. You will progressively acquire the background necessary to perform at the full performance level of GS-09. Promotion is at the discretion of the supervisor and is contingent upon satisfactory performance, availability of higher level work, and availability of funds. This position is located in the Center for Chronic Disease Outcomes Research (CCDOR) at the VA Medical Center in Minneapolis, MN. Creates and manages a system where all grant documentation is organized and available for quick retrieval. Manages the ART reporting database and identify new methods/procedures for capturing Center data to ensure accuracy and completeness of information for the Annual Report. Oversees grant budget design and development and Just In Time budgets to ensure all budgets are in compliance with the specific rules and regulations of the funding agency. Prepares and submits required funding documents and makes budget revisions and justifications. Holds a Federal Government purchase card and provides guidance on purchasing. Acts as a Contract Officer Technical Representative managing contracting for small procurements that require varying approaches. Provides leadership and direction on the grant submission process and leads a training meeting or series of meetings for investigators and staff. Analyzes current grant preparation processes and identify areas for improvement and take necessary initiative to implement improvements to ensure the maximum number of grants are successfully submitted and funded each cycle. Performs other duties assigned. Work Schedule: Monday - Friday 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Recruitment & Relocation Incentives: Not authorized Financial Disclosure Report: Not Required TO QUALIFY FOR THIS POSITION YOU MUST MEET THE FOLLOWING CRITERIA: SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE GS-07 : At least one (1) year of specialized experience directly related to this position. To be creditable, this experience and education must have been equivalent to the next lower grade level (GS05) in the Federal Service that is directly related to the position. Specialized experience is experience working in a Health Services research setting or within a Research and development program performing collateral duties of a limited range in administrative duties related to Health Research such as interpreting and applying guidelines for grant application submissions; assisting in providing technical guidance for research investigators, assisting in submitting complex grant proposals, assessing health services research data and using research databases; communicating effectively and working with a broad spectrum of staff (Research Scientists, Research Managers, the Senior Program Manager, patients, and staff), both in person and in writing; working within prescribed timelines and monitoring research schedules for reports; and performing database development, management, and analysis of data entry related to research projects. OR SUBSTITUTION OF EDUCATION FOR EXPERIENCE: GS-07 : One (1) full year of graduate education from an accredited institution (18 semester hours is usually equivalent to one full year of study) leading to a master's degree in a subject area directly related to the duties of this position.(TRANSCRIPTS REQUIRED) OR COMBINATION OF EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION GS-07 : Possess equivalent combinations of graduate education and specialized experience (as described above) to meet the requirements at the GS-7. (TRANSCRIPTS REQUIRED) OR SUPERIOR ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT AT THE GS:07 (SAA) at the baccalaureate level in the coursework detailed above is fully qualifying. Applicants who wish to apply under this provision must submit proof from their educational institution that they meet one of the criteria listed below. To qualify for SAA, applicants must have completed all the requirements for a bachelor's degree in a curriculum that is qualifying for the position to be filled and meet one of the following: 1\. Rank in the upper one-third of your class in the college, university or major subdivision. 2\. A grade-point average of "B" (a GPA of 2.95 or higher out of a possible 4.0) for all completed undergraduate courses, or those completed in the last two years of undergraduate study. 3\. A grade point average of "B+" (a GPA of 3.45 or higher out of a possible 4.0) for all courses in your major field of study, or those courses in your major completed in the last two years of undergraduate study. 4\. Membership in a national honor society (other than freshman honor societies) recognized by the Association of College Honor Societies. For a list of recognized honor societies please visit http://www.achsnatl.org/quick_link.asp. For more information regarding SAA please visit http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/SEC-II/s2-e5.aspe4f. OR SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE GS-09: One full year of experience that equipped you with the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position that is in or related to the position. Specialized experience is experience working in a Health Services research setting or within a Research and development program independently providing a wide range of administrative duties related to Health Research such as interpreting and applying guidelines for grant application submissions; providing technical guidance for research investigators, submitting complex grant proposals, assessing health services research data and using research databases; communicating effectively and working with a broad spectrum of staff (Research Scientists, Research Managers, the Senior Program Manager, patients, and staff), both in person and in writing; working within prescribed timelines and monitoring research schedules for reports; and performing database development, management, and analysis of data entry related to research projects. OR SUBSTITUTION OF EDUCATION FOR EXPERIENCE GS-09 : Possess 2 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a master's degree or a master's or equivalent graduate degree or LL.B. or J.D., if related to the position which demonstrates the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work of this position. This education must have been obtained in an accredited college or university. (TRANSCRIPTS REQUIRED) OR COMBINATION OF EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION GS-09 : Possess equivalent combinations of graduate education and specialized experience (as described above) to meet the requirements at the GS-9. (TRANSCRIPTS REQUIRED) You will be rated on the following Competencies as part of the assessment questionnaire for this position: Communication Database Management Systems Financial Management Organizational Stewardship Research IMPORTANT: A full year of work is considered to be 35-40 hours of work per week. All experience listed on your resume must include the month and year start/end dates. Part-time experience will be credited on the basis of time actually spent in appropriate activities. Applicants wishing to receive credit for such experience must indicate clearly the nature of their duties and responsibilities in each position and the number of hours a week spent in such employment. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. For more information on these qualification standards, please visit the United States Office of Personnel Management's website at http://www.opm.gov/qualifications. None IMPORTANT: Please ensure your resume include up-to-date contact information (phone number(s), email address(s), etc.) To apply for this position, you must provide a complete Application Package which includes: Resume The following documents are accepted, and may be required if applicable to your eligibility and/or qualifications for this position. Please use this checklist to ensure you have included all documents required for your application, such as a copy of your transcript (if using education to qualify), SF-50's (current/former Federal employees), documentation to support Veterans Preference or ICTAP/CTAP documentation (for displaced Federal employees). Cover Letter DD-214 OF-306 Other Other Veterans Document Resume SF-15 SF-50 Transcript Veterans' Preference: When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible Veterans should claim preference for 5pt (TP), 10pt (CP/CPS/XP), or for Sole Survivor Preference (SSP) in the questionnaire. You must provide a legible copy of your DD214(s) which shows dates and character of service (honorable, general, etc.). If you are currently serving on active duty and expect to be released or discharged within 120 days you must submit documentation related to your active duty service which reflects the dates of service, character of service (honorable, general, etc.), and dates of impending separation. Additionally, disabled veterans and others eligible for 10-point preference (such as widows or mothers of eligible Veterans) must also submit an SF-15 "Application for 10 Point Veteran Preference" with required proof as stated on the form. Documentation is required to award preference. For more information on Veterans' Preference, please visit http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx.