DATA MANAGER - (180000C1) About the Company Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd., a Janssen Pharmaceutical Company of Johnson & Johnson, is recruiting for Data Manager As part of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson, we are working to create a world without disease. Transforming lives by finding new and better ways to prevent, intercept, treat and cure disease inspires us. We bring together the best minds and pursue the most promising science. We collaborate with the world for the health of everyone in it. Actelion is a leader in the field of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). Our portfolio of PAH treatments covers the spectrum of disease, from WHO Functional Class (FC) II through to FC IV, with oral, inhaled and intravenous medications. Job Summary The Data Manager works closely with Actelion’s external data aggregator and hub partners, as well as Actelion’s internal business functions, to ensure we have a high level of data quality and seamless communication across relevant stakeholders. This role requires a blend of project management, business analysis and data management skills. Further, this person will serve as the key point-of-contact with Actelion’s data aggregator partner, participating in daily communication activities and taking responsibility for performance monitoring. Job Responsibilities Primary responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Serve as primary point-of-contact with Actelion’s external data aggregator partner. Raise issues and questions in a timely manner, and triage information to Actelion stakeholders. Ensure that data transfer and reporting operations run smoothly. Lead ongoing monitoring and assessment of data aggregator performance and overall data quality. For example, conduct periodic data aggregator reviews and track performance against established key performance indicators (KPIs) and service level agreements (SLAs). Oversee and manage projects in conjunction with Actelion’s data aggregator partner. Act a project manager and lead initiatives to implement changes and improvements to data processes, reports and communications. Facilitate meetings, both recurring and informal, between Actelion, the data aggregator, and the external hub to ensure collaboration on regular operations and enhancements to the existing operational model. Enhancements may include the addition of new Actelion products and new specialty pharmacy partners. Gather requests from internal Actelion stakeholders, including the Commercial, Finance, Market Access, Drug Safety and Regulatory functions, help to translate the requests into functional requirements, and help prioritize and assign the requirements to appropriate Information Management team members. Candidate Qualifications & Requirements This job requires a combination of analytical, organizational and interpersonal skills. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Required BS in an analytical/technical field. Three years of experience in the biopharmaceuticals and/or healthcare industry. Five years of experience working with information management systems. Equivalent combination of advanced degree and less experience may be considered. Preferred Master’s Degree PMP certification Prior experience with business analysis and project management Advanced skills with Microsoft Excel and familiarity with data reporting tools Skilled at multi-tasking and working in a fast environment Excellent analytical and data interpretation skills. Ability to articulate business requirements and processes to technical teams and non-technical audiences Excellent personal engagement skills (written and oral) Strong planning, time management, organizational skills and attention to details If you are interested in making an impact by working in a culture of innovation, trust and teamwork, we welcome your application. Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies are equal opportunity employers, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. This site is governed solely by applicable U.S. laws and governmental regulations. Please see our Privacy Policy. Use of this site constitutes your consent to application of such laws and regulations and to our Privacy Policy. Your use of the information on this site is subject to the terms of our Legal Notice. You should view the News section and the most recent SEC Filings in the Investor section in order to receive the most current information made available by Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc. Contact Us with any questions or search this site for more information. Primary Location: US-CA-South San Francisco Job: Information Technology Schedule: Full-time Job Type: Standard Job Posting: Aug 3, 2018