DESCRIPTION: Clevertech is looking for a Back End Data Engineer to join our global team. This role has database design and implementation responsibilities including alternative data structures such as nosql, redis, elasticsearch and more. Clevertech looks for craftsmen developers who take ownership of their code. You can deliver quickly while being clever to avoid missteps. You have an effective positive attitude that shines as you show you care about client and colleague concerns. You are always learning and are a transparent communicator even when it is challenging. You thrive on challenging yourself daily and seek to surround yourself with like minded individuals. REQUIREMENTS: 5+ years experience with complex data structures. You have deep experience in the latest libraries and programming techniques. You have accomplishments that showcase your capabilities by their success and technical depth. You own new features from idea to completion. Work well with a core team to design and execute major new features. Familiar with SQL/NoSQL databases like MongoDB and their declarative query languages is a plus Enjoy contributing to a fast moving exciting project Strong experience using GitHub in a professional environment Strong communicator and fluent in English with excellent written and verbal communication skills. Thrive and excel in our diverse, distributed and agile team environment BENEFITS Own Your Time We are a completely remote team. That means we have a large amount of trust and a lot of flexibility. World travellers, young parents, nature lovers, and commute avoiders love working here. We also will pay for a co-working space in case you feel like working outside of your normal setting. Recharge Time We insist that you take recharge time. We are closed for major holidays and then require that you take at least two weeks a year to refresh. Care For Yourself You’ll receive a health/wellness monthly stipend that goes towards covering medical insurance, dental insurance, or joining a gym! Focused Work You will work together on a dedicated team with your eye on one finish line at a time. Our teams are nimble and agile, and cover the technical range you would expect in world class product delivery teams. Learn at your edges We believe in learning and provide unique programs that improve your tech skills, leadership skills and even challenge you in personal development. CleverFridays, guest speakers, mentorship opportunities and in-depth industry exposure are all on offer here. And of course, if you speak at a tech conference, we cover all expenses. Clevertech Swag And keep your eye on the mail - we send out swag everywhere in the world and there are celebratory pictures of Clevertech socks, hoodies, and mugs all over slack. Want to learn more about Clevertech and the team? Check out clevertech.careers.