What you'll be doing... Play a key role in operating, monitoring and improving the measurable uptime, availability, and performance of critical Tableau services our global customers depend on. More importantly, you will work multi-functionally to help us transform our business and operations to center around strong cloud- based products. The Service Operations Center (SOC) is a dynamic and fast-paced team of Analysts who are critical to maintaining the health and stability of Tableau's systems and services in a 24x7x365 hosted SaaS enterprise model. The SOC proactively monitors the uptime and availability of dozens of services supporting a wide range of business critical systems at Tableau. We offer support in a Tier 1 capacity and take action to resolve incidents. In addition, the SOC manages communication for unplanned outages and maintenance for both internal and external customers. As a SOC Analyst, you will drive investigations and administer Tier 1 triage during live incidents and outages for services that the SOC supports across all of Tableau. You'll join a team of highly collaborative and passionate people on a mission to help people see and understand data, who are dedicated to building a fantastic company and workplace, and who are relentlessly focused on our customers and building amazing products. Some of the things you’ll be doing include… Monitoring and Alerting Proactively monitor key systems for general environment health and stability. Investigate to identify problematic trends that may lead to a poor customer experience. Assess and mitigate potential issues by following documented processes and pre-defined standard operating procedures. Identify and escalate major incidents to on-call teams during planned and unplanned outages, which includes: Gather pertinent information and metrics in order to validate and reproduce errors Provide a thorough synopsis of issues and escalate to the appropriate teams with multi-platform error validation / reproduction. Become a subject matter expert in all of SOC's monitoring and alerting platforms aimed to decrease the signal-to-noise-ratio by implementing and following best practices. Improve tooling and creatively integrate automated action upon triggered alerts at scale. Partner with product feature teams to onboard new features and changes to services to define and setup application service monitors. Maintain clear and concise documentation for outage runbooks Communications and Reporting Manage communications during outages from drafting content to dissemination for audiences ranging from internal communications to executive level leadership and customer facing external notifications. Keep accurate record of timelines and draft Post Mortem documentation detailing the high and low level overview of the incident from onset to resolution Generate and maintain routine outage and availability metrics for analysis and reporting Additional duties and responsibilities as assigned Who you are… Experienced. 2+ years progressive experience in a SOC, NOC, IT Operations, Helpdesk, or Technical Support role. Educated. Bachelor’s Degree in a technical field of study or equivalent practical experience with Linux & Windows OS’s, server applications and infrastructure architecture. ITIL Foundations Certification (highly advantageous) Technical. General understanding of the following - Linux, Windows Server, Virtualization, CDN’s, New Relic, Splunk, Zabbix, Relational Databases, AWS Consul, Perl, Python, Java, Scripting, HTML, Puppet and Git. ITIL experience a plus. Domain knowledgeable. Working knowledge of databases and data extraction. Basic understanding of networking, Internet protocols, and OSI layer model. Team player. You are able to work night shifts and over the weekend. You are flexible and able to help cover gaps in coverage when necessary. Performer. This position requires the employee work independently, exercise judgment, and apply specialized knowledge. Pay attention to the fine print. Detail-oriented individual capable of working independently while maintaining a collaborative presence on the team. You are a recruiter. Tableau hires company builders; employees are expected to be on the constant lookout for the best talent to bring onboard, helping Tableau continue to build one of the best companies in the world. Tableau Software is a company on a mission. We help people see and understand their data. After a highly successful IPO in 2013, Tableau has become a market-defining company in the business intelligence industry. Our culture is casual and high-energy. We are passionate about our product and our mission and we are loyal to each other and our company. We value work/life balance, efficiency, simplicity, freakishly friendly customer service, and making a difference in the world! Tableau Software is an Equal Opportunity Employer.