The California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) is seeking Student/Graduate Assistant(s) to assist the application development team. The Student/Graduate Assistant will learn application programming skills, analytic skills, and an understanding of databases, database programming. Conditions of Employment This is a part-time, temporary, non-benefited, student position. Employment in all positions with University Enterprises, Inc. is dependent upon the mutual consent of University Enterprises, Inc. and the employee. This means that either University Enterprises, Inc. or the employee can, at any time, terminate the employment relationship at will, with or without cause. Depending on the type of position you are applying for, a pre-employment background check consisting of one or more of the following may be conducted, employment history, professional references, criminal check, educational verification (i.e., degree, license, or official transcript) and physical exam and drug urinalysis test. Applicants will be required to pass required pre- employment checks to the satisfaction of University Enterprises Inc., (UEI) and the hiring Agency or Department. Work Schedule Monday through Friday, between the hours of 8:00 am to 5:00 pm. Flexible. Additional Work Schedule Student Assistant and Graduate Assistant employees generally work up to 20 hours per work week (Sunday – Saturday) during the academic year and up to 40 hours per work week during breaks; Winter, Spring & Summer. Area Bay Area On/Off Sacramento State Campus Off Campus Worksite City San Francisco Pay Range $15.00 - $21.00 per hour Department/Agency Public Utilities Commission (PUC) Unit/Division Project Description The CPUC regulates privately owned electric, natural gas, telecommunications, water, railroad, rail transit, and passenger transportation companies, in addition to authorizing video franchises. Our five Governor-appointed Commissioners, as well as our staff, are dedicated to ensuring that consumers have safe, reliable utility service at reasonable rates, protecting against fraud, and promoting the health of California’s economy. To learn more visit www.cpuc.ca.gov Majors/Fields of Study Computer Information Systems, Computer Science and Engineering, Business Administration, Other - Applied Mathematics, Computational Analysis Minimum Qualifications Excellent verbal and written communications skills. Excellent analytical skills. Ability to work independently and learn new skills quickly. Must be able to write technical and user documentation. Good knowledge in programming languages like Python, Java, C, C++ and Java Script. Mentoring and training program will be used to get the intern(s) chosen for this position the skills necessary to deliver applications in the tools required. Prerequisites Must be a college student attending classes during the regular term (Fall, Spring and Winter, if applicable), at one of the accredited colleges or universities on our affiliation list. To view our current affiliation list please paste the following URL into your browser: http://www.calinterns.org/wp-content/uploads/Affiliation_List.pdf Students must be enrolled at a minimum in; six semester units or nine quarter units for undergraduate students; four semester units or six quarter units for graduate students. Students declared major must match the major(s) listed in the job posting. Position Description Preferred Qualifications The desired skill set is preferred but NOT mandatory as we will be training the student in these aspects of the position: JavaScript and related web technologies. Knowledge in Cloud platforms including Microsoft Azure, Amazon, Web Services and IBM Blue Mix. Prefer Sophomore, Junior, Senior or Graduate Student. Duties and Responsibilities The first project is to take current browser based applications and migrate them to mobile platforms. The second project will be working with the team to build Apex Oracle Applications and other utilities requiring programming and analysis skills. We will also be doing an analysis and documentation of the System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) used by the CPUC to meet State documentation requirements. Assist the Application Programming Team to convert PC based to Mobile based application. Assist the Application Programming Team to convert static Oracle generated Web pages and develop additional applications using Oracle Application Express (APEX) Document existing Oracle tables with table and column comments for specific Oracle applications. Develop user and technical guides for specific Oracle applications. Participate with Commission staff in documenting and modeling existing Oracle applications. Develop proof of concept for Web services. Develop and document procedures related to web services. Document current System Development Life Cycle. Physical Requirements Sit for extended periods; frequently stand and walk; manual dexterity and hand-eye coordination; corrected hearing and vision to normal range; verbal communication; use of office equipment including computer workstations, telephones, calculators, copiers, printers, scanners, and fax machines, with or without a reasonable accommodation. Working Conditions Work is performed in an office environment. Hours Per Week Students (part-time) 0-20 hours per week during the academic year, up to 40 hours per week during breaks; Winter, Spring and Summer. (NSTU) Posting Date 05/23/2018 Closing Date Open Until Filled Yes Special Instructions to Applicant Please complete all fields of the employment application. Include your educational history in the “Educational Experience” section and any employment history in the “Employment Experience” section of your application.