Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; Portland, OR, USA The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners. You’re a Solutions Architect with broad and deep technical knowledge across industries, methodologies, and products. You will use your leadership skills and expertise around cloud computing to design scalable customer solutions on Google Cloud and bring them to market. You will advocate for our platform by presenting your solutions at industry conferences and Google events. Your enthusiasm, technical and business depth, and excellent speaking skills will help decision makers understand the advantages of choosing Google Cloud to drive growth and success for their business. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Demonstrate thought leadership in cloud computing across multiple channels and become a trusted advisor to decision makers. Travel regularly (up to 30%, although we also frequently use video conferencing) in-region for meetings, technical reviews, and onsite delivery activities. Define the business case for solutions, design,prototype, and develop the solution for the customer’s new environment, and guide the process through launch to market. Provide customer and market feedback to the product and engineering teams and help steer product direction. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, related software engineering field or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience in all aspects of cloud computing (infrastructure, storage, platforms and data), as well as cloud market, market dynamics and customer buying behavior. Experience in writing software in a language such as Java, Go, Python, PHP or similar. Experience writing documentation, publications and presenting solutions at conferences. Preferred qualifications: MS degree in Computer Science, related engineering field or equivalent work experience in a software/systems engineering position. 5 years of direct experience working with a variety of technology systems, designing solutions or developing business applications. Experience in the business technology market, expertise working closely with sales and marketing teams in cloud computing or related technical fields. Deep understanding of the current state of infrastructure automation, continuous integration/deployment, SQL/NoSQL, security, networking, and cloud-based delivery models. Ability to communicate complex technical concepts for broad audiences, empowering them with memorable and useful information. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.