The coolest jobs on this planet… or any other… are with Lockheed Martin Space. At the dawn of a new space age, Lockheed Martin is a pioneer, partner, innovator and builder. Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds’ hardest engineering problems. Our culture encourages employees to dream big, perform with excellence and create incredible products. We provide the resources, inspiration and focus and if you have the passion and courage to dream big, we want to build a better tomorrow with you. Join the Lockheed Martin Air Force Programs team where we are doing cutting edge engineering on missions of national strategic importance. Help us build on our more than 60 year history of supporting of our Air Force customer, while we develop systems for the next 60 years. The Systems Engineer provides systems engineering support in the areas of requirements management and architecture development for Air Force strategic weapons systems, both flight avionics electronics and ground support equipment, as part of SMD's (Strategic Missile and Defense Systems) Air Force Strategic Programs portfolio. The Systems Engineer will be responsible for: successful development and maintenance of the system level requirements and external and internal Interface Control Documents (ICDs) assessment of existing external interface specifications for impacts, coordination with both internal and external stakeholders on the interfaces analysis of interface parameters results management of ICD requirements in the requirements management database/system model and trace of requirements having experience with and also managing the entire project requirements database in DOORs supporting architecture development tasking, to include leading and documenting trade study and design efforts Typically has 2 - 5 years of professional experience. To promote the sharing of ideas, Lockheed Martin fosters an inclusive work environment that encourages differences and big-picture thinking. Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually. Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy: Medical Dental 401k Paid time off Work/life balance Career development Mentorship opportunities Rewards & recognition Learn more about Lockheed Martin’s competitive and comprehensive benefits package. Desired Skills: \- Systems engineering for missile systems and/or related ground support equipment US Air Force Weapon Systems Programs US Strategic Systems Systems Engineering lifecycle process and tools, including CONOPS development Strong interpersonal skills Microsoft Office applications (PowerPoint, Excel, Word, Project) Demonstrated ability as a team player to build consensus among peers and build effective relationships with team members Effectively manage change SysML and Model Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) Active Secret clearance BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelors degree in Engineering or a closely related technical field Requirements and verification development and management, including requirements decomposition and flow down Requirements data base tools (DOORS, etc.) Working knowledge of system engineering processes to include Verification and validation Demonstrated interpersonal skills and teamwork with internal customers Excellent organizational and verbal/written communication skills Standard documentation and presentation tools (e.g, Microsoft Office Suite) US Citizenship with the ability to obtain a Secret security clearance Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.