The Network Security Analyst position works as a team member along with other Information Services staff in support, security and maintenance of the City's network and server infrastructure. The Network Security Analyst is expected to have a strong working knowledge of the Microsoft server environment, setup, administration, including HyperV servers; and a strong working knowledge of network protocols, routers, switches, firewalls, vlans, and security. Ideal Candidate Profile The ideal candidate will: Identify, assess and remediate information security risks across the City's infrastructure. Plan, perform and implement information security compliance assessments including the independent analysis of results. Perform security monitoring, audits, consulting, and training. Serve as part of the Incident response team, lead internal investigations and coordinate responses to external investigations and audits. Lead the design, maintenance and exercising of an enterprise Disaster Recovery Plan and Business Continuity Plan for the City. To Apply To be considered, all applicants must submit a resume and cover letter by attaching them to your electronic application. The cover letter must be no more than two pages long and include specific examples of how you meet the Ideal Candidate Profile (above). Only electronic applications are accepted. Candidates will be evaluated in an on-going basis as applications are received until the position is filled. Contact Information If you have questions about the position and/or requirements; please contact Junee Dizon, IT Infrastructure Manager via email at jdizon@ci.olympia.wa.us. Examples of Duties / Knowledge & Skills The essential functions of this position include but are not limited to: Provides guidance and advanced technical support, and/or responds to trouble reports from co-workers and customers regarding network connectivity, accessibility and performance issues. Programs, configures, tests, and maintains LAN/WAN equipment and related services. Identifies, diagnoses, and resolves network problems, provides advanced guidance to IT staff as required. Inputs work order requests into tracking system and coordinates and resolves upper level technical issues for network and server related issues. Directs and manages network server backups, batch queuing, media storage and rotations to off-site facility. Operates equipment necessary to complete job assignments, i.e., printers, network servers, storage area networks, tape drives, routers, switches, VPN's firewalls, PC's and Laptops. Assists service desk and application analysts with software and firmware upgrades and schedules; inform customers of network service outages and effects of software/hardware upgrades. Operates patch management schedule to apply current Operating System and Application patches as required by product support. Troubleshoots problems with and provides advanced support for servers, storage arrays, SANs, routers, and firewalls and provides remote technical support as necessary; maintains tracking system of equipment problems, including the maintenance of appropriate documentation on equipment provided to City staff. Plans, performs and implements information security compliance assessments including the independent analysis of results. Performs security monitoring, audits, consulting, and training. Serves as part of the Incident response team, leads internal investigations and coordinates responses to external investigations and audits. Reviews systems, projects and software for potential security and privacy issues. Leads the design,maintenance and exercising of an enterprise Disaster Recovery Plan and Business Continuity Plan for the City. Maintains up-to-date baselines for the secure configuration and operation of all network devices. Identifies, assesses and remediates information security risks across the City's infrastructure. Researches and evaluates new and emerging information security technology. Participate in 24/7 on/call support rotation. Obtains and maintains required certification for key vendors, (Microsoft, Cisco) Punctual, regular and reliable attendance is essential for successful job performance. Requirements: Lift between 5 and 20 pounds approximately 3% of the time. Reach, twist, and/or turn approximately 3% of the time. Look at a computer screen approximately 75% of the time. Use phone communications approximately 10% of the time. Walk approximately 5% of the time. Sit for an extended period of time approximately 75% of the time. Stoop approximately 3% of the time. Bend approximately 3% of the time. Crawl approximately 3% of the time. Drive a vehicle approximately 3% of the time. Minimum qualifications & Requirements Qualification Guidelines: Network Analysts are expected to cross-train and maintain awareness of the work performed in all specialty areas, provide back up and support for absent team members, and maintain flexibility, adaptability, and initiative. The City also considers that, in addition to the unique sets of abilities listed in the UNIFIED COMMUNICATIONS, SECURITY, AND DATABASE sections below, all Network Analyst positions require the abilities described in the SYSTEMS section. Knowledge/Skills/Abilities - UNIFIED COMMUNICATIONS Knowledge of Cisco Call Manager, Unity Voice Mail, Presence, UCCX, InformaCast Knowledge of Microsoft Exchange administration Knowledge of Automatic Call Distribution (ACD) Processing Knowledge of 911 E911 Station Translation System Knowledge of Digital and Hybrid Key telephone systems Knowledge of VOIP computer/telephony integration hardware and software. Knowledge of specifications and procedures to operate and document copper and fiber optics cabling systems. Skill in planning and implementing adds, moves and changes to phone systems. Ability to provide training on the features and use of unified communications systems and equipment. Knowledge/Skills/Abilities - SECURITY Advanced knowledge of security best practices and regulatory requirements, (HIPPA, CJIS, NIST, PCI, ISO, etc.) Knowledge of security breach disaster recovery plans and procedures. Skill in auditing, monitoring and testing security implementations. Skill in configuring secure network equipment, firewalls, and servers. Skill in planning and implementing security projects. Skill in testing and implementing hardware and software security patches on servers and network hardware. Ability to serve as the primary information security resource for the City. Ability to work as a member of a team to evaluate and pro-actively manage security risks at acceptable levels in all aspects of network and computer system security. Ability to work as a member of a change management team. Ability to maintain records and document all changes made to equipment and configurations. Knowledge/Skills/Abilities – DATA MANAGEMENT Knowledge of database administration. Knowledge of managing and supporting Storage Area Network (SAN). Knowledge of database standards. Knowledge of optimizing data systems and functionality. Knowledge of using software and data migration techniques to manage large data volumes from various sources. Knowledge of Microsoft SQL databases and tools. Skill in developing and maintaining databases linked to web services. Knowledge/Skills/Abilities - SYSTEMS Knowledge of network and internet protocols Knowledge of current and emerging technology and application to municipal operations and services. Knowledge of Microsoft networking components such as MS Server 2008, DHCP, System Center, Configuration Manager, HyperV, IIS, SQL server, Exchange, and client server applications. Knowledge of network backup methods and emergency/disaster recovery for Windows servers. Skill in anti-virus protection, detection, removal, and prevention. Skill in the documentation of network topologies, systems, process, procedures and security. Ability to create and apply scripts (Powershell). Ability to troubleshoot and resolve network and client hardware and software problems. Ability to install, configure and upgrade routers, switches, and wireless access points. Ability to use network tools to configure hardware, monitor performance and diagnose system problems. Ability to transport, move, and install a variety of network equipment, servers, and components. Ability to create and update software and hardware procedures and changes. Experience/Education: Associates's degree in Computer science or Computer network administration, or certifications and a minimum of three years of increasingly responsible experience in the design, analysis, implementation, security and support of network systems. Network administration and security experience preferred. The following certifications for are not required but highly desirable: Network + Security +, CISSP or CISM A+ Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA) Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE) Cisco CCNA or Coursework In place of the above, candidates may demonstrate the equivalent and relevant combinations of experience, education, and training that demonstrates knowledge of the skills, and abilities listed above. Special Requirements: Washington State Driver's License or evidence of equivalent mobility required. A Criminal History and background check is required and must be successfully completed prior to employment. Must be able to perform on call pager duty. Supplemental information Contacts: The Network Analyst has frequent contacts with City staff at all levels, Information Services staff members, employees of other public agencies, technical specialists, manufacturer's representatives, contractors, vendors, and suppliers of goods and services. Supervision: Under supervision, may participate in, lead, direct, or monitor the work of project teams, independent contractors, installers, repair technicians or vendors. Accountability: The Network Analyst is accountable for all administrative, operational and technical aspects of the network and telecommunications system. Working Conditions: The Network Analyst works mostly indoors, with occasional outdoor work on system engineering and installation projects. Incumbents must travel to work locations all over the City on a regular basis. Positions in this classification are exposed to electrical shock hazard and must exercise caution and observe strict safety standards. Heavy network and computer system components must be lifted, moved, installed, packed, unpacked, or transported on a regular basis. Work is frequently performed in cramped areas where access and mobility are limited and lighting/visibility may be poor. Work may be performed while on ladders, water tanks, or in underground vaults. Projects and assignments may be performed under stressful conditions such as demanding deadlines, high volume workloads, or responding to emergency system failures. Work such as major installations or software upgrades must frequently be done during evenings, weekends, or holidays to minimize disruptions. A Network Analyst may be called in to work with short notice in emergency conditions. The City of Olympia is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse workforce. Women, minorities, and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply.