Job Description: Principal Architect, Digital Responsibilities: As our new Digital Architect for TMUS you will: Design software and infrastructure roadmaps/blueprints to define the next generation of technology at TMUS. Undertake enterprise analysis, design, planning and implementation using a holistic approach. Influence and contribute to technology strategic planning across TMUS, in partnership with the senior technical leadership. Lead by example driving engineering expertise across the full stack TMUS technology portfolio. Influence and build the architecture strategy and best practices for TMUS and partner across the businesses in close collaboration with our technology executives and business/customer stakeholders. Oversee the digital architecture vision for shared infrastructure, platform services, and the design patterns related to them. Create a forum for innovation with the TMUS technology community that drives thought leadership around TMUS digital architecture roadmap and strategy Engage externally, working with venture capital firms and startups to understand the different solutions hitting the market. Identify and champion best practices for enterprise wide Digital success with Cloud initiatives, Software Defined Infrastructure based technology, and deployment models. Develop deep understanding of TMUS infrastructure requirements with the experience and acumen to accelerate portfolio advancements, convergence and delivery. Develop and drive a technical community across the organization that fosters innovation, agile design and test methodology, flexible teaming, knowledge sharing and talent transformation. Represent TMUS both internally and externally as a technical thought leader. Provide leadership, inspiration and guidance to this growing team; foster a culture of transparency, collaboration and innovation. Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in a STEM major (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math) or related field. Minimum 12 years of progressive experience in software engineering/enterprise architecture/technology leadership across multiple products, systems and/or platforms coupled with strong business acumen and executive presence. Minimum 6 years working in solutions design and enterprise architecture delivering IT solutions. Minimum 5 years of experience in Enterprise applications, PLM, middle-tier services, database, storage, distributed computing, virtualization and/or application technology migrations, in addition to 4+ years experience driving and executing Cloud and digital technology strategies. Must be willing to travel approximately 20-30% of the time. Desired Characteristics: Forward thinking; future state of IT mindset; driven by innovation. Refuses to accept the status quo and not afraid to take risk. Proven ability executing high-profile projects and providing thought leadership to an organization. Proven success in leading web hosted and/or cloud-based design, implementation and/or operations, and experience in building and deploying Enterprise wide Digital applications. Demonstrated ability to plan and execute highly visible, cross business initiatives; valued as a trusted partner with Technology Executives. Proven track record working with technical, customer and functional teams Experience driving requirements and designs integrating within operational landscape. Proven success in working globally in a global matrix organization across teams and cultures. Influential leadership experience with the ability to partner, energize, and inspire. Passionate about technology with the pragmatism necessary to solve customer problems and deliver value. Experience in delivering industrial platforms or horizontal software middleware. Experience leading information security/cyber security. Ability to identify new approaches to complex design problems (federated identity, complex event processing, embedded real-time and cooperating ecosystems, etc.). Knowledge of technologies and Packaged Platform/Systems including SAP, IBM, Oracle, Public Cloud services, etc. Ability to influence non-technical aspects of technology change (e.g. business and operational architectures). Hands-on experience in multi-generation technology planning, convergence and rationalization. Strong at teaching, coaching and mentoring Engineers and other functions. Strong verbal presentation and written communication skills. Desired Technology Experience: Blue print architecture Technology recommendations and standards definition in the digital world Drive the migration strategy from legacy to new digitize ready platforms secure, Feature/capability driven architecture API First CI/CD Cloud native Platforms Cloud Platforms - one of AWS, GCP, Azure Microservices, Containers Event based architectures Minimum Qualifications: Bachelors Degree in STEM major (Science, Technolgy, Engineering or Math) or related field LI-TECH-CS1 Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice. T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.