The consultants provide health information management expertise to the organization. They work with a wide variety of individuals across the organization, both in the delivery system (inpatient and ambulatory) and operations from front line staff to executive leadership. They are required to facilitate, plan, strategize, prioritize and/or audit processes that affect the clinical record of KFHPW patients. The consultants analyze best practice workflows to ensure their efficiency and effacacy will meet the stated objective. They also provide quality testing for new systems and/or changes in workflows. They need to assure the clinical record meets the clinical and business needs of the patient and organization in a way that's accurate, complete, timely, in accordance to regulatory standards and legal requirements. They provide education, direction and consultation to KFHPW and WPMG staff regarding what constitutes quality documentation in the paper and electronic medical record. They are well versed in privacy and security and process and policy that protects the confidentiality of the patient's medical information. The consultants assess practice needs and provide strategies for effective documentation and communication of health care information. They are responsible for development and implementation of health information, confidentiality and security policies statewide covering health records, release of information and clinical documentation standards. HIM Consultants need to be able to adjust quickly to changing priorities. They are considered expert knowledgeable resources for health information management related issues. Essential Responsibilities: Determine impact of errors that occur in KFHPW's electronic medical record. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to establish appropriate solutions to correct deficiencies and errors that occur in the electronic medical record. Create processes that facilitate open, honest communication of medical record related errors to promote patient and a culture of safety. Participate in analysis of client-identified issues or problems, which may require changes to procedures, standards, or systems. Provide on-call support for documentation-related questions/issues that arise. Provide health information management expertise to clinical and non-clinical staff throughout the KFHPW organization and to contracted providers. Provide health information expertise to the clinical application systems that support KFHPWs electronic medical record (EPIC). Assure that high quality and integrity of EPIC are maintined when it is integrated with other systems throughout the Cooperative. Work with users and peers in planning, developing, implementing, supporting new or existing applications and developing plans to decommision existing applications. Understand the functionality of the various health information exchanges and use that understanding to improve processes related to the management of patient's clinical information. Maintain a functional understanding of health information management process, policies and applicable regulatory and accreditation standards. Be knowledgeable on clinical information systems, information security, confidentiality, information storage Create training materials and educate KFHPW/WPMG staff regarding health information policies and procedures. Develop and/or update HIM policies and procedures, standards and manuals. Provide quality testing support for new systems and/or workflows. Identify areas requiring operational changes that affect KFHPWs medical records which result from automation, updates or re-engineered work processes and identify opportunities for improvement related to health information in KFHPWs medical records. Develop training curriculum and work with managers and staff to implement new work. Assure that activities, policies and procedures related to the KFHPW paper and electronic medical records comply with state and federal requirements and meet accreditation and compliance standards Support the maintenance of KFHPW's role-based access matrix. Audit for inappropriate and/or incomplete use of EPIC . Oversee the integrity and accessibility of EPIC by administering role-based access as determined by client's business and technical requirements. Educate requestors on responsibilities associated with accessing protected health information. Create exception access agreements when appropriate.