POSITION PURPOSE Provides specialized technical and analytical support for Trinity Health's Payer Strategy & Product Development department. Work assignments are complex and responsibility requires in depth knowledge of financial and clinical analyses and cost and utilization trends related to payers, employers, and health plan data as well as strong analytical, investigative, interpretive and evaluative skills and the ability to contribute to and provide primary accountability for managing/leading small projects or portions of projects is expected. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, developing and utilizing databases and reporting tools to extract data, generate reports, perform advanced data analysis and draft system/process improvement recommendations. Assignments may require interfacing with, gathering information from and making presentations to various levels of management and internal and external executive leaders. Serves as a subject matter expert and resource by providing guidance and problem/issue resolution to internal colleagues on matters impacting projects and day-to-day assignments. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Knows, understands, incorporates, and demonstrates the mission, vision, and values of Trinity Health in behaviors, practices, and decisions. Participates in development of alternative payment model tools to analyze, evaluate and interpret data. Designs analytical tools and health care data exports for Payer Strategy & Product Development. Plans processes, systems, policies, regulations and internal controls documents. Conducts complex impact analyses and modeling, assesses utilization trends, identifies risks, develops projections, determines opportunities and prepares detailed written recommendations and summaries for management review and decision-making. Utilizes claim valuation application, integrated financial systems, relational databases, business intelligence and desktop analytical reporting tools to access and manipulate data and develop detailed standard and ad-hoc reports and summaries that support department projects and initiatives. Uses data manipulation coding (i.e., SAS & SQL) to extract claims and membership data to support advanced healthcare analytics. Develops the design and implementation of evaluation tools to measure the effectiveness of both internally developed medical management initiatives and externally purchased vendor programs. Tests and refines tools used to support Payer Strategy & Product Development. Develops and implements plans to measure and report on system-wide health care delivery cost and utilization trends; collaborates with system experts in developing sound methodology for forecasting trends including participation on analytic team(s). Participates in and serves as a subject matter expert in the development of process improvement initiatives which support business needs and enhance the performance of payer claims analysis, product development and the managed care contracting process. Gathers and exchanges information and provides guidance and problem resolution on complex, challenging and variable situations that demand deep analytical, interpretive and evaluative thinking. Participates in defining project plans and goals; manages and/or leads small projects or portions of projects with focused impact. Performs business case ROI, conducts business workflow mapping and impact analysis, applies actions steps, provides routine status reports and keeps management apprised ensuring project plans and deliverables are met. Plays a prominent role in the development and maintenance of standard Payer Strategy & Product Development databases, data definitions, reporting tools, policies and procedures. Understands and builds analytic tools on the Payer Strategy & Product Development analytic platform. These tools will be used to manipulate large data sets, conduct system/data integrity and quality checks/audits, access applications and utilize relational database management or systems administration methods and practices. Maintains a working knowledge of applicable Federal, State and local laws/regulations; the Trinity Health Integrity and Compliance Program and Code of Conduct; as well as other policies and procedures in order to ensure adherence in a manner that reflects honest, ethical and professional behavior. Performs other duties as needed and assigned, including advanced ad hoc analytics such as modeling of contract and benefit scenarios. Utilizes statistical applications as necessary.