BASIC FUNCTION: The purpose of the position is to provide data analysis and visualization support to the district. REPRESENTATIVE DUTIES: Analyzes and interprets student and institutional data using statistical techniques and collaborates with instructional technology, information technology, and other staff as needed. Identifies, analyzes, and interprets trends or patterns in complex data sets. Responds to district priorities around research projects, program evaluation, and data analysis. Identifies and communicates risks and issues in projects/programs initiated by the assigned departments and communicates this information to the relevant leadership. Prepares data displays to monitor district performance and present research results visually. Assists in the writing of reports resulting from research projects and analyses. Supports in development and maintenance of a performance management system. Supports schools and central office staff with data analysis to promote data literacy. Provides coaching for school and department data teams on innovations in data analysis and dashboard techniques. Filters and “cleans” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems. Uses data to create models that depict district trends across instruction and operation. Develops and implements data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality Merges data from primary or secondary data sources in order to create functional data systems to address district initiatives. OTHER JOB DUTIES: Attends workshops, conferences, and seminars related to the work; reads current professional publications. Assists the director in designing and conducting studies. Serves as a member of a cross-departmental research and data team. Performs related duties consistent with the scope and intent of the position as assigned. WORKING RELATIONSHIPS: Reports to the director of research. Interacts daily with district administrators and staff regarding data analysis and research. WORKING CONDITIONS: Requires substantial visual concentration; required to sit for prolonged periods; requires prolonged exposure to visual display terminals; occasionally required to deal with upset individuals; required to meet externally-imposed and inflexible deadlines; exposed to frequent interruptions to concentration; may be required to work long hours depending on work cycles. REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s degree in education, psychology, statistics, or related field. Minimum of two (2) years of successful professional experience in psychology, statistics, research methods and/or other job-related occupations. Knowledge of effective research, data visualization, data utilization concepts. Minimum of three years using statistical software such as SPSS, Stata or R. Oral and written mastery of English including usage, grammar, spelling, punctuation, vocabulary, and composition. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Master’s degree in education, psychology, statistics, or related field. Experience working in a school district or other educational environment. Proficient in the use of Tableau. Knowledge of: Principles, practices, trends, goals, and objectives of public education. Best practices and technical aspects of educational research methods. Data visualization best practices and software (Tableau). Research methods and report writing techniques. Record-keeping techniques. Applicable federal, state, and local laws, codes, regulations, policies, procedures, and case law related to assigned activities. Business technology programs, procedures and methods, computer equipment, and computer software necessary to perform required duties. (eg. Excel, Word, Chrome, etc…). Ability to: Demonstrate leadership qualities in the development of a collaborative environment. Use SPSS/Stata or related software to conduct complex statistical analyses (e.g., ANOVA, multiple regression, multivariate analysis). Display results and data interpretations graphically using data visualization software. Operate technology hardware and software necessary to perform assigned duties/responsibilities. Communicate effectively, both orally and in writing. Write in a clear and concise manner for broad public appeal and interpretation. Present complex statistical information to groups using nontechnical explanations. Promote consensus in groups of individuals with diverse interests and values. Analyze complex situations and synthesize diverse information carefully and adopt an effective course of action. Work independently with minimum direction and supervision; work under pressure. Understand, analyze, and prepare comprehensive, narrative and statistical reports. Use effective customer service skills to establish and maintain cooperative and effective working relationships with district personnel, community members, and external companies and agencies in the course of performing assigned duties. Exhibit cultural competency and sensitivity with the ability to communicate effectively with all cultural groups in the organization. Allowable Substitutions Any combination of experience and training which provide the incumbent/applicant with the knowledge, skills, and ability required to perform the work, as determined by the district. Qualifying work experience, as identified by the assistant superintendent/chief human resources officer, may substitute for the education requirements.) Licensing and Certification None. EVALUATION: Evaluation responsibilities are assigned to the director of research. The statements contained herein reflect general details as necessary to describe the principal functions of this job, the level of knowledge and skill typically required and the scope of responsibility, but should not be considered an all inclusive listing of work requirements. Individuals may perform other duties as assigned including work in other functional areas to cover absences or relief, to equalize peak work periods or otherwise balance the workload. EEO CATEGORY: Professional FLSA STATUS: Exempt