Data Analyst - Wealth and Home Mortgage-180027689 At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. Reporting to an Analytic Manager, this individual will provide advanced analytics in support of the Wealth and Home Mortgage teams. The ideal candidate should be an expert professional with comprehensive knowledge in advanced analytics. They will feel at ease querying databases, integrating data from multiple sources, conducting sophisticated quantitative analyses and presenting their findings as clear, actionable insights and recommendations that enable revenue growth and customer acquisition and retention. The ideal candidate will be a motivated professional who is passionate about data and has strong technical and analytical skills, understands the business goals/needs, and is committed to delivering data driven insights that lead to actionable recommendations. This individual will also work to build strong and effective relationships across ERA, the wealth and home mortgage teams as well as the Enterprise to determine analytics needs, predict trends, and ensure business questions are being answered in the most appropriate manner, in service of acquiring, deepening, and retaining precious U.S. Bank Customer and Client relationships. They will also possess a strong willingness to learn and teach, and will aid in leading change across a matrix organization and driving Employee Engagement. They will simplify complexity by successfully utilizing data and analytics tools & techniques to enable better, more customer-centered decisions. They will be expert in advanced analytical tools and statistical techniques to separate "signal from noise" in order to derive insights that will help answer key business questions. Qualifications Basic Qualifications BA in Math, Economics, Engineering, Statistics or related field required. 5 to 7 years of Advanced/Statistical Analytics experience \- Expert user of advanced analytics tools & techniques to perform analysis and interpret data - some examples are: SQL, SAS, R, Python, Excel, Hadoop, etc. Expert user of analytics data visualization tools such as Tableau Expert user of PowerPoint 5 to 7 years of relevant Analytics experience Preferred Qualifications Advanced degree Financial Wealth and/or Home Mortgage support expertise Proven track record of driving Analytics into actionable business outcomes Exceptional written and oral communication skills Demonstrated ability to influence change across a complex organization Demonstrated project management and organization skills Job Project Management / Analysis Primary Location Minnesota-MN-Richfield Shift 1st - Daytime Travel Yes, 5 % of the Time Average Hours Per Week 40