Nauto is an AI technology company that’s improving the safety of commercial fleets today and the autonomous fleets of tomorrow. Nauto’s intelligent driver safety system assesses how drivers interact with the vehicle and the road ahead to reduce distracted driving and prevent collisions. With this knowledge, Nauto is powering the development of self-driving technology that brings the best of human driving to autonomy. Are you ready to help with this mission? We’re aiming for greater safety and knowledge: Our approach to re-thinking road safety is two-fold: deepen our understanding of real-world drivers to learn how they interact with the vehicle and road, with the goal of reducing distracted driving and preventing collisions before they occur. Second, apply these insights to the development of safe, effective autonomous vehicles that fit into existing traffic patterns and human driving behavior. We’re taking a driver-centric approach: We surface the safety insights that matter most, while protecting the privacy of drivers. By using artificial intelligence on the device, we’re able to detect distractions and immediately warn drivers in real-time. Only a fraction of driving time—such as distractions or other high-risk events—is uploaded to the cloud, where it’s automatically visible to fleet managers via a secure web application so they can then better coach drivers. Investors in Nauto’s $159M series B-round included Softbank, Greylock, Andy Rubin’s Playground Global, Draper Nexus as well as leading strategics including BMW, GM, Toyota, and Allianz Insurance. Responsibilities Design and execute an end-to-end GTM strategy for the North America business including identifying segments, sales strategies, messaging. Lead and develop a large, successful and diverse team to win and grow new customers across the commercial fleets and insurance verticals. Meet aggressive revenue, profit, and unit sales goals, contributing to the overall global Sales Plan. You will also develop a keen understanding of the needs of different fleet sectors including for-hire transportation, shared fleets, transit operators, logistics, service fleets, and fleet management Recruit, onboard and manage channel partners across the telco, leasing, and telematics service provider spaces. Lead by example by building new customer relationships, developing deals and closing business. Represent Nauto externally and expand brand awareness, representing Nauto at industry conferences and events. Collaborate with other Regions (Europe and Japan) and core Product team to develop product feedback for the company. Advocate internally for critical product feature development necessary to win and expand revenues. Work effectively within a start-up organization, collaborating well with team members, rest of executive team, and providing entrepreneurial leadership.Stay on top of competitive trends and developments within your category and region Experiences and Skills Previously managed a P&L and have a track record of hitting revenue and profit goals 10+ years with B2B sales or BD roles carrying a quota (both as individual and team leader) and regularly met or exceeded your plan Understand complex fleet operations, deal qualification and procurement processes Led teams/organizations of >10 people Amazing client management, business communication and relationship building skills Technical background is a plus Perks Ground floor opportunity with the team; shape the strategic direction of the company Beautiful modern work space. Many perks including cafe with meals, snacks and drinks provided Exceptional health benefits coverage. Opportunities to get to know your team better through frequent employee events and gatherings Sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment Learning and development opportunities from a highly diverse and talented peer group, including experts in a wide range of fields, from Artificial Intelligence & Computer Vision to Systems & Device Engineering to Support & Operations Nauto is committed to being a diverse and inclusive environment that fosters learning from each other. We celebrate people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Come revolutionize transportation safety and do your best work here at Nauto!