As the Information Company, our mission at OpenText is to create software solutions and deliver services that redefine the future of digital. Be part of a winning team that leads the way in Enterprise Information Management. The opportunity: The role System Engineer is to build solutions to enhance availability, performance and stability of services as well as automating away repetitive work. You'll also respond to pings, pages and alerts to investigate issues in our products that you can really sink your teeth into. You'll be working on non-production and production environments, monitoring, data collection and configuration management, as well as disaster recovery planning, capacity engineering, reliability improvement initiatives and platform automation. The best person for this role is someone that has a collaborative spirit - in our world, it’s not about being a hero and having all the answers, it’s about sometimes saying "I don't know" and working on finding solutions rather than starting with an assumption. The team needs someone who can ask questions, learn from others and turn chaos into order. This position requires rotating 12 hour day shifts. The shifts are 7am to 7pm. These shifts will rotate across all days (Monday to Sunday). Week 1 is 3 days and Week 2 is 4 days of work. The shift is always subject to change in future. You are great at: Providing attention to calls according to Service Level Agreements. Taking ownership and accountability for the call resolution process. Providing a quality and timely response. Acting as a technical liaison with the maintenance and development team to evaluate and report bugs. Establishing and maintaining a good relationship with team members, Product Support and Sales. Participating in training and information sharing activities. Acting as backup for other team members when necessary. Participating in rotating shift work. What it takes: The ability to understand an maintain Scripting software Understanding of Linux systems Ideally hands on experience with cloud infrastructure; AWS, Azure, Rackspace Training or background in Monitoring distributed systems application architectures Exposure to & maintenance of configuration management tools at scale Diagnosing & troubleshooting user facing service incidents & outages Exposure to system & application level telemetry for large distributed cloud architectures Diagnosing, resolving problems in high-throughput web applications & network services Strong troubleshooting capabilities Customer-service oriented with proven problem solving and analytical ability. Excellent organizational/time management skills and handle multiple tasks concurrently