At Chef’d we believe great food creates memories, enhances moments, and nurtures the soul. Our mission is to enrich lives through culinary adventure with our hand-cultivated, meticulously curated, delicious experiences. Chef’d is the only subscription-free meal marketplace allowing you to discover new foods the way you want—no strings attached. We have over 1500 recipes from some of the best names in food—celebrity chefs, major brands, and culinary influencers. We're a team filled with chef's, culinary writers, data scientists, marketing/sales experts, production associates and more - all committed to playing our hearts out. We follow through with our goals, move fast, and take risks. The industry is growing and we're at the forefront of innovation and personalization. Chef'd, a venture-backed, series-B company, is beginning to experience high growth as we scale our operations to new markets and distribution channels. There are plenty of areas where we can innovate and optimize. We’re looking for an IT Support Specialist to support business and employee technology requirements. This position will be responsible for setting up hardware, installing a variety of software solutions, on-boarding/off- boarding, project management, and training other employees on use of new hardware and our customized ERP software. The role will support both an office IT environment as well as a food warehouse with shipping and warehouse management technology. To succeed at Chef’d, you must be energetic, highly organized, and hardworking. You should have a passion for food, the ability to create exceptional customer experiences, and work well in environments that are constantly changing. We’re a fast growing company revolutionizing the online grocery experience. Responsibilities Respond to incoming hardware and software support requests Setup hardware devices (desktops, laptops, scan guns, printers) Troubleshoot networking issues (wifi, connectivity issues) Create training curriculum and train users on hardware and desktop/cloud software Maintain & troubleshoot scripts and integrations associated with business applications Test & QA system enhancements Activate, deactivate, and adjust user accounts and roles Requirements: 2+ years IT help desk support, with emphasis on networking and cloud software Google Apps for Business: Gmail, Google Calendar, Google Drive (browser and desktop), Google Docs, Google Sheets Knowledge of: NetSuite, Mac OS, Windows 7, Windows 10, & Microsoft Office WMS and desktop shipping software experience a plus Founded in 2014, Chef'd is Headquartered in El Segundo, CA with production facilities in El Segundo, CA, Brooklyn, NY, and Pico Rivera, CA. Chef'd offers competitive compensation packages including full medical, dental, and vision benefits, flexible PTO, pet insurance, and discounts on meal kits!