Do you have a passion for emerging and evolving end user usage models and requirements in Big Data and Analytics? Centric Consulting is hiring a Modern Data/Analytics Architect for our Chicago office. We are looking for seasoned professionals looking to make an impact - both with clients and in their personal career. What You'll Do as a Modern Data/Analytics Architect You will work with business and IT stakeholders to understand needs and translate them into data and technical architectures. You will need demonstrable experience in real world environments creating hybrid data and analytics solutions, leveraging traditional and Big Data technologies both on premise and in the cloud. You will need a broad set of technical skills and knowledge across traditional and modern information management infrastructure, software, systems, and solutions development. You will work with end users and ecosystem partners to deploy solutions in early adopter production environments. You will need to be able to work with senior level architects from clients, other consultancies, and vendor partners. What You'll Bring Creating unmatched experiences, for both clients and employees, is what we do. You should revel in doing the unexpected and extraordinary for others. The fun part about consulting is that no two days are the same. You should have a learning mindset, ready to experience new ideas and situations regularly. Consulting experience is strongly preferred. That said, you will also be considered if you have a strong industry background. We want someone who likes to solve problems. Clients don’t come to us when the problem is easy. You should enjoy taking on the hard stuff. And because we work with clients, excellent communication skills are important – both written and verbal. Translating technical concepts into layman’s terms is an essential skill. Last, but not least, you will need to be a solid Architect. We are looking for people with a proven track record of delivering successful projects in a consulting environment. You will need 8+ years of technical solutions experience including the big data/analytics area. Why Centric? Supportive environment – We expect a lot from our Architects. But you won’t be asked to do it alone. You will have the full support of the Chicago office leadership and everyone at Centric. We love to help people succeed. Growth opportunities – As a mid-size firm, there is more flexibility when it comes to career paths. Figure out what you want to do, and we’ll figure out how to get you there. Special culture – Hands down, the people are the best part of Centric. But you shouldn’t take our word on it – check us out on Glassdoor, Facebook or Twitter to get a glimpse inside what makes us different. Network of technology champions – There’s no fun in being the only geek in the room. Centric celebrates all things tech. For example, we hold a yearly gathering called Camp I/O. In the vein of TEDx talks, Camp I/O is an opportunity for technology-minded people across Centric to get together and show off what they can do when not constrained by client requirements and platforms. Check out some of the innovative presentations from last year. All-company (paid!) vacation trip – Who doesn’t want to go someplace warm in the winter? Prefer to contract? Contractor friendly environment – Contractors are an important part of our Centric family and we treat them as such. You will find that our policies and practices make it easy for you to contract with us. Benefits eligibility – As a W2T temporary employee, you are eligible for Centric’s W2T benefits package which includes medical and dental coverage. We are also open to Corp to Corp arrangements (no benefits in that case, however). Full-time potential – Many of our full-time employees originally started as contractors. If that’s something you are interested in, we can explore those options. That said, if you want to remain a contractor that’s fine too. We are flexible! _Centric believes the best solutions come from diverse teams. We strive to have an environment where everyone has an opportunity to be successful regardless of their race, color, religion, gender, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, military or veteran status, sexual orientation or gender identity._