What You'll Do You will be focused on enabling a data-driven approach to optimization by sourcing, maintaining and ensuring the availability of data used to drive marketing insights to optimize Cisco's marketing investments. You'll integrate both batch and streaming approaches to support standard business intelligence, as well as decision automation and machine learning requirements. You will Provide leadership and support for the development of an integrated digital marketing data foundation that will enable extensive business intelligence and machine learning for digital marketing and extended user communities. You'll focus on data comprised of digital marketing and other supporting data (e.g., weblogs, sales-related data, customer and contact data, social data, third party purchase data, etc.) You will assist in planning, designing, building, and documentation of Digital Marketing Data Foundation You'll work with Digital Marketing business and IT teams to ensure high quality, on-time deliverables that meet usability, scalability, quality and performance standards. You'll provide hands-on technical support for development, research, and quality assurance testing. Dedication to performing due diligence checks to ensure quality. You will support change management efforts, including proactive communication with other teams and users. Who You'll Work With Cisco’s Digital Marketing organization will lead the next evolution in customer experience through the promotion of Cisco products and software through digital channels (web, social, media, mobile, direct mail, point of sale, etc..). The organization builds omni-channel, personalized, real-time customer experiences that engage and inform Cisco customers and accelerate the purchase process. The team has the unique opportunity to shape, influence, and craft digital experiences that build the Cisco digital brand and accelerate Cisco business. Who You Are You have a Bachelor's Degree and 5+ years of relevant work experience. You have previous experience with Real-Time Streaming Architectures such as Lambda Architecture using Apache Kafka, Solr. You have experience building Data Pipelines, with hands-on development of scripts using various programming languages including SQL, Python, Unix Shell, HQL, Spark Programming, Java. You possess a strong understanding and experience with structured/unstructured database environments (e.g., Oracle) and Big Data environments (e.g., SAP HANA, HADOOP). You are very familiar with Microsoft products (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access). Desired Skills: Dashboards & visualization tools (specifically, DOMO), and underlying tool data formats Statistical analysis products, specifically R, Python. Prior experience with marketing and sales systems (e.g., SFDC, Eloqua, etc.) “Can do” / “Get it done” / “Let’s just do it” attitude to run projects end-to-end Good understanding of digital marketing and systems concepts, processes and data Accountability mindset taking responsibility for work and deliverables Strong verbal and written communication skills Why Cisco At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco