MORE ABOUT THIS JOB RISK The Risk division is responsible for credit, market and operational risk, model risk, independent liquidity risk, and insurance throughout the firm. Job Summary & Responsibilities The Risk Economics and Stress Testing (REST) team is a central part of the Goldman Sachs risk management framework with primary responsibility for: 1) developing macroeconomic and financial scenarios for firm-wide scenario-based risk management; 2) developing and implementing statistical models for business-as-usual risk management and regulatory stress testing requirements; and 3) analyzing large datasets of risk metrics to extract valuable insights about the firm’s exposures. To fulfill these objectives, REST interfaces with a wide array of divisional, finance and risk management groups across the firm. The cross-disciplinary nature of the projects that REST engages in makes for a challenging and multifaceted work environment. REST professionals are part of the value proposition of the firm, and we balance our key functional responsibility of control and risk management with that of being commercial. REST has strong traditions of risk management, data analytics and career development opportunities for our people RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS Responsibilities: Develop coding infrastructure / environment to facilitate analysis related to scenario development / testing and capital allocation Apply statistical inference / machine learning techniques to large datasets for risk management purposes Research and develop new methodologies for scenario design and capital allocation Document models and methodologies Provide overall support to the team to meet requirements for regulatory stress-testing and business-as-usual risk management scenario design Qualifications: Bachelors or Masters in a quantitative subject Programming experience is required Ability to quickly learn and utilize quantitative modeling techniques Knowledge of machine learning / inferential statistics is preferred Excellent written and verbal communication skills ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world. © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2018. All rights reserved Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet.