We believe work is not a place, but rather a thing you do. Our technology revolves around this core philosophy. We are relentlessly committed to helping people work and play from anywhere, on any device. Innovation, creativity and a passion for ever-improving performance drive our company and our people forward. We empower the original mobile device: YOU! Location: Santa Clara Requisition: R12664 Machine Learning / AI Expert – Research & Development (Open) Job Posting Title: Machine Learning / AI Expert – Research & Development Job Description: Citrix is expanding its Advanced Analytics team with professionals in the ML/AI/Data Science domains. You will join a crack team of experienced and talented engineers, with years of history delivering high-quality Analytics products and Solutions, in a fast-paced business environment. You will be collaborating with fellow engineering teams across the globe Responsibilities Research & develop Machine Learning models for security problems, in the areas of Networking, Application & Data. Suggest, collect and synthesize requirements and create effective features. Apply research methodologies to identify the Machine Learning models for the problem at hand. Minimum Qualifications Experience in implementing and deploying Machine Learning solutions (using various models, such as Linear/Logistic Regression, Support Vector Machines, (Deep) Neural Networks, Hidden Markov Models, Conditional Random Fields, Topic Modeling, Game Theory, Mechanism Design, etc.) Extensive background in statistical analysis and modeling (distributions, hypothesis testing, probability theory, etc.) Strong hands-on experience with statistical packages and ML libraries (e.g. R, Python scikit learn, Spark MLlib, etc.) Experience in effective data exploration and visualization (e.g. Excel, Power BI, Tableau, Qlik, etc.) Experience in developing and debugging in one or more of the languages C/C++, Java, Scala, Python, or R Ability to work in cross functional teams Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English; the ability to convey your message to team members and other stakeholders Preferred Qualifications Experience working with relational and NoSQL/Graph databases Unsupervised & Deep Learning Experience Familiar with Big Data frameworks (Hadoop or Spark) and cloud infrastructures Experience in applying Machine Learning techniques Ability and willingness to multi-task and learn new technologies quickly LI- EB2 Functional Area: Software Development About us: Citrix is a cloud company that enables mobile workstyles. We create a continuum between work and life by allowing people to work whenever, wherever, and however they choose. Flexibility and collaboration is what we’re all about. The Perks: We offer competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefits package. You’ll enjoy our workstyle within an incredible culture. We’ll give you all the tools you need to succeed so you can grow and develop with us. Citrix welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Reasonable accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the job application process, please contact us at (877) 924-8749 or email us at taoperations@citrix.com for assistance. _If this is an evergreen requisition, by applying you are giving Citrix consent to be considered for future openings of other roles of similar qualifications._