DCAS is seeking a Security and Microsoft server administrator to configure and administer Microsoft Dynamics CRM 365 applications and Microsoft windows servers. The administrator will also be responsible for creating and maintaining integration into Microsoft products and other third-party tools. In this role, the administrator collaborates with the technical teams to provide expert technical support in the strategic planning, design, development, implementation and ongoing administration and application support for DCAS?s enterprise applications.Key Responsibilities? Support cybersecurity efforts to maintain the cybersecurity of Windows systems, related hardware and support tools. Corporate Antivirus/Antispam, Security & Backup solutions? Provide technical expertise in Windows system administration? Provide infrastructure solutions to support business initiatives? Install, configure and administer multiple Microsoft Dynamics CRM 365 environments? Deploy customizations and migration of Dynamics CRM 365 applications and drive application upgrades? Install, backup and migrate CRM orgs leading through change management and requests for new/clone environments? Administer CRM security and manage user & roles across organizations? Coordinate various operational activities in support of CRM data management, data archival and disaster recoveryTaking and passing civil service exams are necessary to maintain employment with the City of New York. Please check the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) website (http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/work/exam_monthly.shtml) for important exam filing information. Please ensure that you are either a permanent employee in the civil service title listed on this posting, or, that you file for the examination when there is an open filing period. For more information regarding the civil service process, please visit the DCAS website at: http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/work/work.shtml Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A master's degree in computer science from an accredited college and three years of progressively more responsible, full-time, satisfactory experience using information technology in computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, database administration, planning of data/information processing, user services, or area networks at least 18 months of this experience must have been in an administrative, managerial or executive capacity in the areas of computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, data base administration, or planning of data processing or in the supervision of staff performing these duties; or 2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of experience as described in "1" above; or 3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and six years of experience as described in "1" above; or 4. A satisfactory combination of education and experience equivalent to "1", "2" or "3" above. However, all candidates must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and must possess at least three years of experience as described in "1" above, including the 18 months of administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory experience as described in "1" above. Qualification Requirements (continued) NOTE: The following types of experience are not acceptable: superficial use of preprogrammed software without complex programming, design, implementation or management of the product; use of word processing packages; use of a hand held calculator; primarily the entering or updating of data in a system; the operation of data processing hardware or consoles. Preferred Skills ? 4+ Years Administrating Microsoft Windows Server 2012 or higher? 2+ years of experience administrating Microsoft Dynamics CRM 365? A Bachelor?s degree in computer science or a relevant field? MCSA/MCSE Microsoft Certification preferred? Excellent communications skills To Apply Please go to www.nyc.gov/careers or www.nyc.gov/ess for current NYC employees and search for Job ID 354035.NO PHONE CALLS, FAXES OR PERSONAL INQUIRIES PERMITTED. NOTE: ONLY THOSE CANDIDATES UNDER CONSIDERATION WILL BE CONTACTED. Residency Requirement New York City Residency is not required for this position