Business Process Analyst 2 - 18000U9R No Visa Sponsorship is available for this position. Preferred Qualifications Department Description The Business Process Green or Black Belt will be an integral part of the Supply Chain Operations, Global Supplier Management - Process, Automation,Compliance and Analytics department that is focused on streamlining and automating business processes. The Green/Black Belt will lead several complex cross-functional business process efficiency projects and drive the vision, strategy, execution and return on investment. The Green/Black Belt will also act as a liaison between Global Supplier Management and other functional organizations to obtain alignment and support to complete the projects. What will I do? Work with the Global Supplier Management leadership to identify and propose critical business process areas that can be streamlined, eliminated and automated to increase business efficiency. Demonstrate Program Management and Green/Black Belt proficiency by listening to the customers, collecting/analyzing data to develop project plans that clearly defines the project deliverables, approach, schedule, resources, risk management, change management and calculated return on investment. Understand ERP functionality, business intelligence, business processes and data analytics tool capabilities to help define solutions, prioritize features based upon return on investment, and develop the project execution plans. Work cross functionally with internal customers, software developers and business intelligence groups. Resilient team leader that can facilitate out of the box thinking and possibilities to successfully drive major changes in the most expedient manner. Bachelor's degree required; technical background with Kaizen or process re-engineering experience preferred. Lean Six Sigma Green/Black Belt and/or PMP certification. Highly motivated, results oriented leader with strong desire to make an impact, and the ability to transform ambiguity into clarity. Demonstrated ability to lead and motivate staff/project team, inspire teamwork. Solid understanding and application of project management methodology including the ability to identify and resolve issues, manage risk, develop detailed work plans and specifications, perform resource allocations and facilitate customer/stakeholder/team meetings. Demonstrated ability to assume a leadership role in defining and managing projects, risks, schedules, reporting, priorities, and escalations. Ability to work on multiple projects and successfully manage/influence multiple stakeholders. Strong organizational acumen - ability to thrive in a matrix environment where success depends on a high degree of cross-functional collaboration. Experienced negotiator with prioritization and conflict resolution know-how. Excellent interpersonal and written and verbal communication skills. Successful track records of products or projects meeting the requirements, budgets and schedule. Knowledge of the Oracle E-Business Suite is a plus. Experience with supplier management functions such as supplier selection, sourcing, costing, compliance, contract negotiation and performance management. Job code may be adjusted based upon education, skills and relevant experience. Essential candidate skills: Bachelor's degree required; technical background with Kaizen or process re-engineering experience preferred. Lean Six Sigma Green/Black Belt and/or PMP certification. Highly motivated, results oriented leader with strong desire to make an impact, and the ability to transform ambiguity into clarity. Demonstrated ability to lead and motivate staff/project team, inspire teamwork. Solid understanding and application of project management methodology including the ability to identify and resolve issues, manage risk, develop detailed work plans and specifications, perform resource allocations and facilitate customer/stakeholder/team meetings. Demonstrated ability to assume a leadership role in defining and managing projects, risks, schedules, reporting, priorities, and escalations. Ability to work on multiple projects and successfully manage/influence multiple stakeholders. Strong organizational acumen - ability to thrive in a matrix environment where success depends on a high degree of cross-functional collaboration. Experienced negotiator with prioritization and conflict resolution know-how. Excellent interpersonal and written and verbal communication skills. Additional Details: Successful track records of products or projects meeting the requirements, budgets and schedule. Knowledge of the Oracle E-Business Suite is a plus. Experience with supplier management functions such as supplier selection, sourcing, costing, compliance, contract negotiation and performance management. Job code may be adjusted based upon education, skills and relevant experience. Detailed Description and Job Requirements Responsible for the delivery of Product Specifications Documents to supplier partner(s) or delivery of process specifications to meet business specifications. May be done in partnership with business partner(s) or via guidance to business partner(s) for execution. Defines system specifications needed to roll out flexible business models. Responsible for understanding business objectives. Performs process or functional analysis to identify gaps compared to specifications, confers and/or drives issues with management for resolution, and ensures overall fulfillment of business specifications. Responsible for day-to-day engagement with business and/or process subject matter experts. Advises and consults with business teams prioritizing allocation of people resources, addressing project team problems ensuring that all team deliverables are met, and developing and presenting proposals of project plan and getting agreement from appropriate stakeholders. Understands and applies theories to policies and operating environment needed to effectively and efficiently complete assignments. Duties and tasks are standard with some variation. Completes own role largely independently within defined policies and procedures. 2 years relevant experience and BA/BS degree preferred. Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.