Logic20/20 is looking for a seasoned BI Solution Architect. About Logic20/20. . . Logic20/20 is one of Seattle’s fastest growing full-service consulting firms. Our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency in complex solutions. Although we make it look like magic, we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. Our rapid growth is in response to our ability to deliver consistently for our clients, which is directly related to the quality of the people we hire. The past two years, we’ve been in the top 10 “Best Companies to Work For” …. why? Our team members are highly self-motivated, comfortable conceiving strategies on the fly, and enjoy working both individually and as part of a team. Our environment is very high-energy and demanding, and individuals with remarkable enthusiasm and a can-do attitude are joining our team. We have lots of fun, focus on our employees and our clients, and work to bring our best to every opportunity. Your Experience: Deep knowledge in at least two different technologies: SQL, Mongo DB, Dynamo DB, Lambda, Redshift. Experience architecting and implementing production grade BI solutions. Experience in setting up infrastructure within one of the following cloud providers (AWS, GCE, Azure). Experience developing client facing documents: architecture diagrams, requirements, specs, data lineage, data dictionary. Deep experience in data modeling, data analysis, and relational database design. Ability to work under pressure and to independently handle multiple projects and deadlines. An undergraduate degree in technology or business is required Experience working with large volumes of marketing data. Data warehouse implementation experience. Experience working with customer data. Experience with Master data management, Metadata management is a plus. AWS Solutions Architect Associate Certification is a big plus. Your responsibilities: Architecting end-to-end BI solutions for our major clients in Greater Seattle Area. Develop modern BI solutions as a team lead. Understand client’s needs and transform them into the project vision. Compensation & Benefits We offer competitive compensation, medical, dental, vision and basic life insurance. The Lead BI Developer will be a full-time, salaried employee who will accrue company holidays and annual paid time off. One of the most important benefits is the opportunity to work in an incredibly exciting and rapidly growing firm. The best part is that we are a group of highly dedicated and competent professionals that deliver results and have fun along the way.