About the Role: Creative Cloud Product Experience is seeking an experienced architect to lead an exciting, high profile effort to change the way new users engage with Adobe’s creative applications. We are crafting an adaptive, personalized and accessible user experience which intelligently guides users on their journey using Creative Cloud services and the Sensei AI platform. While executing on this far-reaching strategy we are focusing on using analytics to drive rapid iteration and to continuously deliver measurable impact in our customers' engagement with Creative Cloud. By removing "first mile" friction for everyone we are cementing Adobe's lead across the creative product landscape and fostering a new generation of loyal customers. This initiative is a great opportunity to develop shared technology stack serving the flagships of Adobe Creative Cloud as well as cutting-edge next generation applications and products. What are we looking for in an ideal architect? You will be joining a top-tier team of front end JS engineers with a consistent record of shipping innovative cloud-first features revolutionizing the way our users discover and succeed in the Creative Cloud. You invite constructive debate, naturally strive to be a mentor and always work with bias towards action. You will design the system to gather analytics data collected across many apps and services, and use machine learning based techniques to infer the likely user intent. We expect you to be passionate about AI and have practical experience with productized ML solutions. Your work will be grounded on the user's engagement, validated in experimentation and pushing the boundaries of integrated learn experience. Most importantly you enjoy taking on complex problems, have a deep empathy for customers, and drive tangible results in a team oriented culture. What you’ll do: Help new users fall in love with Adobe tools Architect personalized onboarding experiences for millions of users Engage with product teams across Adobe seeking to understand their requirements and proposing shared solutions Collect and interpret analytics to continuously increase our impact Derive ML based solutions to infer user intent and goals Influence Cloud services to support our team goals Participate in defining team culture and product vision What you’ll need to be successful: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field (Master's Degree preferred) 10+ years of experience in architecting and implementing medium to large scale software products Leader in designing Machine Learning solutions In-depth knowledge of React.js or similar modern JS framework with practical React Native experience a plus Entrepreneurial spirit and focus on delivering value into customers hands Excellent communication skills and ability to create consensus among multiple partners Focus on data driven decision-making and learning by experimentation Ability to contribute anywhere in the stack and wear different hats Intellectual curiosity with a keen interest in emerging technologies A commitment to quality with proven record of maintaining your own unit and integration tests At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer. Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age , sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.