Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leader in digital services with pro forma annual revenue of circa € 12 billion and circa 100,000 employees in 72 countries. Serving a global client base, the Group provides Consulting & Systems Integration services, Managed Services & BPO, Cloud operations, Big Data & Cyber-security solutions, as well as transactional services through Worldline, the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry. With its deep technology expertise and industry knowledge, the Group works with clients across different business sectors: Defense, Financial Services, Health, Manufacturing, Media, Utilities, Public sector, Retail, Telecommunications, and Transportation. Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. The Group is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and is listed on the Euronext Paris market. Atos operates under the brands Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Job description The Security Operations Analyst role is tasked with evaluating Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection (WDATP) related events flagged for review by established strategies. This evaluation is performed with various validation tools, understanding and application of computer security topics and malware infections, and identification of new techniques to make quick decisions with a high rate of accuracy. The person in this role will contribute to the strategic development of a new pilot program aimed at further enhancing the world class experience for WDATP customers. The Security Operations Analyst is expected to adhere to numerous Key Performance Indicators to ensure decisions are made balancing factors such as risk tolerance and customer experience. Another responsibility of this role is to help train machine learning models by labeling transactions, queries, or other entity pairings. Operations Analyst’s key responsibilities Apply business knowledge, awareness of known attacker techniques, and use of Excel and various validation tools to provide alert determinations (TP/FP) on WDATP customer alerts; Identification and escalation of novel testing approaches; Raise team awareness on testing trends, including syncs with SMEs on current patterns; Propose process enhancements and improved tool functionality; Work with Customer Support to resolve escalations; Adhere to platform KPIs related to accuracy, decision time, and productivity Knowledge, experience, and behaviors Ability to deal comfortably with daily recurring tasks Desire to proactively uncover new attack patterns Willingness to raise awareness of patterns, including presentations Excellent spoken and written English Ability to make decisions with speed and confidence Self-motivated, strong team player Desire to contribute to a highly technical world-class team supporting on a world-class product for a world-class company Essential qualifications 1+ year experience with computer security and/or malware analysis 1+ year experience analyzing large amounts of data Strong capabilities in Microsoft products like Office’s Excel, Word, and PowerPoint Knowledge and experience with Advanced Persistent Threats (APT’s) a plus Working relationships The Operations Analyst’s responsibility spans across all Microsoft geographies and is not limited to the actual working location. It is important to be able to reach out to other departments in the company, promoting and representing the team’s objectives. Your Application If you wish to apply for this position, please click below to complete our online application form and attach your CV in either Word, rtf or text format. Atos does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, sex, age, disability or sexual orientation. All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and relevant business requirements. We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to the applications process for people with disabilities.