Administrative Assistant III position in the Vital Statistics Fraud Unit is selected by and reports to the Manager of the Internal Affairs Directorate (IAD), Office of Inspector General. Responsibilities are to perform entry- level administrative support and/or technical programs assistance work. Receives requests for administrative hearings and generates correspondence notifying record holders of hearing process. Creates and provides VSF hearing files to the Office of General Counsel at the Department of State Health Services. Conducts cross matching of death records with Texas birth records through electronic database and physical file research. Responds to requests from law enforcement agencies to validate and/or verify state vital records. Provides copies of records to law enforcement agencies and qualified government entities. Receives referrals from Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies, and initiates case referrals to the Intake Section of IAD. Essential Job Functions: (50%) Conducts data entry in VSF database for validations and records requests from outside agencies, to include data entry and running queries. Types correspondence, forms narratives, and other documents to support work of the unit and files related documents. (20%) Performs research within the Texas Electronic Registrar (TER) system. Answers and screens telephone inquiries; takes and routes messages and records intake information in the VSF database. (20%) Makes referrals of to the IAD Intake Section to initiate investigations upon receipt of credible allegations of fraud from outside entities. (10%) Performs other duties as assigned and required to maintain unit operations. Attends work regularly in accordance with agency leave policy. Knowledge Skills Abilities: Knowledge of office management, principles, practices, and administrative procedures. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with others. Skill in working in an office supporting several staff members. Ability to effectively handle multiple assignments in a dynamic environment. Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite programs. Ability to learn and apply applicable laws and statutes. Skill in establishing priorities and setting goals in accomplishing workload task within time standards. Skill in providing oral and written interpretations of statutes, rules and regulations. Registration or Licensure Requirements: Applicant must possess a valid Texas Driver License by employment start date. Ability to obtain Texas Law Enforcement Telecommunication Systems (TLETS) certification. Initial Selection Criteria: Graduation from a standard senior High School. Skill and/or experience in the use of Microsoft Outlook, Excel and Word. Experience in producing letters, memorandums and other correspondence preferred Additional Information: HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. req315428 HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview. Note: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include, but not limited to: 42A, YN, 0111, 3A1X1. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx. MOS Code: 42A, YN, 0111, 3A1X1 HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work. I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.