We believe that the future of business documents is knowing how they’ll perform before they’re published. Textio builds the service that powers this revolution. Our augmented writing platform is delighting customers, and we’re looking for a creative and passionate product manager to join our Seattle team. In this role, you’ll blend customer feedback and product vision to help inform our strategy and roadmap. You’ll be responsible for defining and driving the work we do to reach specific product goals. You’ll work closely with designers, engineers, and the customer success team to specify exactly what we will create together. You’ll define the qualitative metrics that measure our success. Are you excited to lead the evolution of a remarkable user experience that is already changing how people write? Do you want to be involved from initial brainstorming through completed sales? Would you like to create something new that really makes a difference? If so, Textio is a great place to work, to learn, and to experiment. We’d love to hear from you if: You have experience partnering with engineers and designers to build and ship products people love You are a great listener and strive to internalize and amplify the voice of the customer You can identify customer needs and envision product enhancements to solve their problems in innovative and valuable ways You know how to translate customer feedback and strategic product goals into a spec-level plan for engineering execution You’re able to effectively prioritize and make the right trade-offs to meet product goals without sacrificing quality You measure the success of product changes with usage data, and respond to the surprises and opportunities that the data reveals You’re excited by data, written communication, and the chance to pioneer the emerging field of augmented writing You’re eager to become an expert on the shifting landscape of hiring, productivity, and successful business writing You are an excellent communicator verbally and in writing—Textio stands for editorial quality, and you do too You’re committed to quality as a top priority—you pay attention to what you make, and take pride in it Your track record demonstrates a love of experimenting, building, and learning new things You have a point of view but are low ego Bonus points for experience working on products where experimentation, machine learning, and data science are core to development. At Textio, you will be a part of a team of awesome and trustworthy people who work together to build breathtaking, groundbreaking experiences for our customers. Come join us! Textio embraces diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. If there is anything we can do to create a more comfortable interview experience for you, please let us know. Working at Textio is outstanding. Learn more about our philosophy, benefits, and team at https://textio.com/careers/. Reach out and share your story with us!