ANM is looking for an Enterprise Network Sales Engineer – Data Center to join our amazing team in Phoenix, AZ. Who We Are: ANM is a fast-growing IT Consulting firm focused on building long-term, customer focused relationships and providing superior customer service and engineering excellence. We believe in delivering integrated solutions that support customers’ business objectives through highly skilled technical resources that work closely with our clients to provide day-to-day support as a result of the successful design and implementation of innovative solutions. Our Benefits: Competitive Salary Full benefit packages (Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short Term and Long-Term Disability) Paid Time Off 401K Plan Flexible Spending Account Employee Recognition Rewards Career training geared towards professional growth Who We Are Looking For: An Enterprise Network Sales Engineer – Data Center at ANM is responsible for designing and proposing Data Center technology solutions that meet the customer’s needs. What You Will Do As an Enterprise Network Sales Engineer – Data Center? Support account managers by providing technical expertise in data center technologies (storage, compute, virtualization and DC Networking) Use expertise and experience to build Data Center solutions that meet and/or exceed requirements that include product and services Present data center solutions to our customer Work with the implementation and PMO teams to ensure a smooth project transition Develops and fosters relationships with customers to ensure ANM is viewed as their go-to strategic partner Develops and fosters relationships with strategic original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and other key data center partners Development of Statements of Work and professional services quotes Support other Solution Architects when requested Promotes a team environment with a positive attitude REQIURED EDUCATION, TECHNICAL SKILLS AND/OR EXPERIENCE: Five (5) years of implementation and design experience with multi-vendor data center solutions Experience with architecting Cisco UCS and EMC storage solutions Experience with EMC backup and recovery products (Data Domain and Avamar) Strong Visio and documentation skills Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Excellent presentation skills and technical sales skills Strong personality and presence with the ability to own and drive the conversation with the customer Cisco, VMware, and EMC certifications are highly desirable PREFERED EDUCATION, TECHNICAL SKILLS AND/OR EXPERIENCE: Understanding of Cisco, VMware, and EMC design tools Experience with Cisco’s Nexus product line +AppD, ACI, Tetration Fiber Channel switching experience Cisco routing and switching experience. CCNP preferred Other data center related certifications Experience in other technologies (collaboration, security, wireless, data networking) is a huge plus TRAVEL: Travel may be required for this position. Must have reliable transportation, valid driver’s license and motor vehicle insurance. WORK ENVIRONMENT: This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones and filing cabinets. The employee is occasionally exposed to a variety of extreme conditions at job sites. The noise level in the work environment and job sites can be loud. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. The employee is occasionally required to sit, stand, kneel, crawl and climb. The employee must frequently lift and/or move objects up to 75 pounds. OTHER DUTIES: Please note this job description is not designated to cover or contain comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.