Due to rapid growth, Fraser is adding an additional Payroll Administrator to its Payroll Team in the Accounting Department, to support processing its biweekly payroll operations and ensure accurate and comprehensive accounting of the payroll cycle. This is a regular, FT Hourly Position, working M - F during standard business hours, in Fraser's corporate office in Richfield. Responsibilities include: Enter, approve, and process payroll information into HRIS database (Ulti-Pro Mid Market Version), following established Fraser procedures. Ensure that required approval signatures are present before changes are made. Answer staff or supervisor questions regarding payroll and timecards. Support in reviewing and importing information from timekeeping software to payroll software to produce biweekly payroll. Audit payroll reports; export to Excel and save reports on Fraser network. Process garnishments/child support orders and payments. Prepare and mail live paychecks/stubs, and create and document manual checks. Produce and distribute labor allocation reports, as well as other reports requested by supervisors and other staff. Collaborate with Payroll Manager and HR on payroll/HR process improvements. Serve as a backup to the Payroll/HRIS Manager. Requirements include: AA/AS degree in Accounting or related field preferred. For those without AA degree: 2 years equivalent experience processing biweekly payroll, or comparable Fraser internal experience required. Two years of payroll experience including experience with payroll/HRIS databases (UltiPro) and report writing preferred. Demonstrated ability to manage sensitive information professionally while maintaining a high level of confidentiality required. Strong organizational skills, attention to detail, ability to meet deadlines and work under pressure required. Ability to recognize problems, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions required. Ability to prioritize multiple conflicting projects from multiple supervisors required. Computer proficiency using Word and Excel with proficiency in keyboarding skills required. Effective communication in the English language, including verbal and written communication with both internal and external contacts required. Basic mathematical skills, including the ability to add, subtract, multiply, divide and calculate percentages required. Fraser Offers: Career growth opportunities Opportunities for community involvement in Fraser organized events Work-life balance is important; Fraser offers generous paid time off to those employed full time Benefits (available to employees working 30 or more hours per week) 403(b) retirement account with Fraser contribution Childcare discount at Fraser School Referral bonuses Verizon Wireless cell phone plan and accessories discount _Fraser is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer._ _This position will be posted at_ _www.fraser.org/employment_ _until filled. You must apply online here to be formally considered._ If you are having trouble applying or have questions, please contact Fraser HR at staffing@fraser.org or 612.767.7550. If you have successfully submitted your application, you will get a confirmation email. If you do not receive the confirmation email, please check your junk/spam folders, then contact us as we may not have received your application. Thank you for considering Fraser!