At Protiviti, we believe that a career is about more than just working, providing deliverables, and being compensated for your efforts. A Protiviti Career is about opportunities to lead, learn, grow, and make a difference. We strive to recruit and hire the best talent. But it doesn't stop there. Once you join us, we build your career through exceptional work experiences, a culture focused on learning and development, and a commitment to the things that matter to you. Are you inspired to make a difference? You've come to the right place . JOB REQUISITION Seattle IT Audit Experienced Consultant LOCATION SEATTLE ADDITIONAL LOCATION JOB DESCRIPTION Job Summary The Experienced Consultant has primary responsibility for executing IT audit project work plans. The Experienced Consultant will have some client- facing engagement responsibilities while serving as both role model and trainer, the Experienced Consultant demonstrates the attributes of excellent client service and assists team members in developing technical and professional competency. The Experienced Consultant learns to identify areas of IT risk and opportunities to improve IT business processes. Qualifications: General Knowledge & Skills Project management skills - facilitate timely completion of established project milestones. Ability to work in a team environment and foster client relationships. Understanding of the importance of business ethics. Sound job administration skills. Above-average written and verbal communication skills, including documentation of findings and recommendations. Analytical skills. Ability to handle highly confidential information in a strictly professional manner. Ability to maintain professional demeanor in times of high stress. Develop and apply proficiency with Protiviti policies and methodologies. Apply understanding of business processes and technical skills to successful completion of projects. Develop understanding of project requirements and client’s business. Technical Knowledge & Skills A diverse skill base in both IT auditing and information systems. Knowledge of Sarbanes-Oxley Act provisions and methodologies for achieving compliance. Proficient in Microsoft Office suite applications. Education & Professional Credentials Bachelor’s degree in relevant discipline (e.g. Accounting, Management Information Systems) required. Required minimum GPA 3.0. 1-2+ years in a related field, preferably in professional services and/or industry. Professional Certification such as CISA strongly preferred. “Big 4” experience in IT Audit strongly preferred. Ability to Travel Travel throughout the month frequently required based on client requests/commitments. Protiviti is not licensed or registered as a public accounting firm and does not issue opinions on financial statements or offer attestation services. For all US & Canada Postings: You may submit your application materials online or call 1.888.556.7420 for additional ways to apply. Protiviti is an Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veteran JOB LOCATION WA SEATTLE