Do you enjoy working for an organization that makes a difference in the lives of others? Are you passionate about human sexuality and reproductive health education? Do you posses strong presentation and curriculum development skills? If you answered yes, the role of Community Education & Training Coordinator could be for you! Planned Parenthood Arizona services include an emphasis on family planning and reproductive health care, including the provision of birth control and comprehensive contraceptive counseling, testing and treatment of sexually transmitted infections, pregnancy testing, counseling and referral, HIV testing, annual exams, abortion care and more. In addition, PPAZ focuses on providing medically accurate sexuality education and training services throughout the state. In collaboration with the Education Team, the Community Education & Training Coordinator leads the department’s efforts to grow our professional education program for schools, agencies and community organizations. This position develops, coordinates, and facilitates trainings on curriculum, reproductive health, adolescent sexuality and other relevant sexuality education topics for professionals and staff; establishes and maintains contacts with community/health agencies and schools in order to facilitate the provision of effective sexuality education programs, including evidence-based and comprehensive sexuality education programs. In addition, this position delivers effective presentations about PPAZ services, human sexuality, birth control, STDs, and related topics are included in the job’s responsibilities. This position will work in conjunction with other departments as outlined in the affiliate’s strategic plan to meet affiliate goals. Job Responsibilities & Duties Leads the development of PPAZ’s professional development offerings, including curriculum training, training of trainers, adolescent sexual health, LGBTQ inclusivity, and other trainings as determined through community needs assessment Facilitate and/or co-facilitate Evidence-Based Curricula in community settings Co-facilitate training of facilitators and training of trainers for evidence-based and comprehensive curricula Develop, coordinate, and facilitate trainings for teachers and trainers in partnership with school districts and community agencies, and identify new opportunities for program growth, with a particular focus in areas of high needs Collaborate with the Education Team, to innovate curriculum using new strategies, including digital strategies and technology. Responsible for the continued development and evaluation of training curricula and products Monitor and evaluate professional development programming Maintain knowledge of education technologies by attending workshops, reviewing professional publications, and establishing networks Schedule and facilitate educational programs on human sexuality, reproductive healthcare, and other sexuality education for youth, adults, professionals, in targeted communities statewide. Represent PPAZ on community coalitions related to sexuality education issues. Participate in outreach and volunteer events and activities as needed. Maintain and report monthly statistics on education contacts and program outcomes and track progress toward annual goals. Willingness to periodically travel statewide Perform administrative tasks related to grant/contract requirements, including reporting and follow up. Education and/or Experience Bachelor’s Degree in Education, Social Service, Public Health or related field from a four year college or university, with training or college course work in human sexuality and three year’s work experience with adults and youth. Experience in teaching, training, sexual health or an equivalent combination of education and experience from which comparable knowledge and abilities can be acquired. Relevant knowledge of community social services and resources are strongly preferred. Strong presentation, communication, writing, and curriculum development skills. Teaching/training experience with youth, adults, and professionals preferred. Must have ability to keep records, maintain an active schedule without difficulty, and write clearly and coherently in English. Satisfactory computer skills in word processing and familiarity with Microsoft Office software desirable. An ideal candidate will have the demonstrated ability to provide services in a culturally sensitive and culturally competent manner to people from a variety of ethnic, religious, socioeconomic, sexual orientation and other diverse backgrounds. Ability to organize one’s own time, schedule, and work, with minimal supervision. Willingness to work some weekends and evenings and provide own reliable transportation. Some statewide travel required. As a spokesperson in the community must have a strong understanding of Planned Parenthood’s mission. Bilingual Spanish preferred. Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports and business correspondence. Capacity to effectively present information and respond to questions from managers, clients, customers, and the general public. Benefits PTO and paid holidays Medical, Dental, Vision Basic Life & AD&D - Paid by PPAZ STD, LTD, Supplemental Life Pet Insurance Optional matching 401k Location 4751 N 15th Street Phoenix, AZ 85014 How to Apply Are you interested in bringing your expertise to Planned Parenthood Arizona? Please submit your resume, PPAZ will contact select applicants to conduct an initial phone screening.