Overview OneNeck IT Solutions is seeking top talent for an experienced and accomplished Solutions Architect-Hosting to be the primary technical resource for the field sales force and is responsible for actively driving and managing the technology evaluation stage of the sales process, working in conjunction with the sales team as the key technical advisor and product advocate for our products. This includes being able to articulate technology and product positioning to both business and technical users, being able to identify all technical issues of assigned accounts to assure complete customer satisfaction through all stages of the sales process, and being able to establish and maintain strong relationships throughout the sales cycle. The Solutions Architect-Hosting supports the sales force in attaining their stated revenue objectives by providing presales technical assistance for infrastructure, network and transport requirements. The Solutions Architect- Hosting provides detailed design, engineering recommendations for all of our Hosting solutions.. In conjunction with the sales professional, this position is responsible for assisting with discovery of the customer's current environment, providing design, consulting and integration of the customer environment as a potential solution and technical sales support for proposal development and presentations. The Solutions Architect- Hosting serves as the Subject Matter Expert (SME) to the sales teams for all Hosting solutions. Further, the Solutions Architect- Hosting is an available resource to our customers by transferring knowledge to allow them to be better consumers. _OneNeck IT Solutions LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc., employs nearly 550 people throughout the U.S. The company offers hybrid IT solutions including cloud and hosting solutions, managed services, enterprise application management, advanced IT services, hardware and local connectivity via top-tier data centers in Arizona, Colorado, Iowa, Minnesota, New Jersey, Oregon and Wisconsin. OneNeck's team of technology professionals manage secure, world-class, hybrid IT infrastructures and applications for businesses around the country. Visit oneneck.com._ Responsibilities Sales Support: Leads technical aspects of the sales process, supporting the sales team on-site surveys, technical discovery and qualification meetings for prospective customers and is responsible for educating prospective customers on OneNeck service offerings which include evaluations, presentations and proposals to take place on conference calls and/or site visits. Also conducts on site tour/demonstrations. Helps to formulate, define and execute sales strategy with the account team, understanding customer business drivers and technical drivers. Helps build and maintain relationships with prospects and existing customers. Develops, presents, or responds to proposals for specific customer requirements, including request for proposal responses and industry-specific solutions. Prepares and delivers technical presentations that explain products or services to customers and prospective customers. Utilizes supervisory, consulting, sales, presentation and analytical tools to create creative solutions, configurations and demos for OneNeck customers and prospective customers. Travels to meet with prospective customers, clients or presents/attends industry trade shows. Presents in larger forums. Engineering: Designs and engineers solutions based on customer requirements. Provides a design document or diagram as necessary and present solutions to the prospect or customer. Participates with the account team to obtain customer contract acceptance and ensures final documentation of the proposed solution is complete and delivered to the service delivery department. Works closely with internal departments such as Network Architecture, Network Engineering, Product Management and Product Development teams and Procurement. Plans and modifies product configurations to meet customer needs. Post-sales support and implementation: Participates in post-sales activities such as customer network planning, customer training and continually updating customers on new service offerings and pricing. Technical development: Keeps informed on industry news and trends, products, services, competitors, relevant information about legacy, existing, and emerging technologies, and the latest product-line developments. Maintains technical expertise by meeting with OEMs and vendors to evaluate product and service offerings. Training: Develops and presents technical sales training for the account teams. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree or 4+ years professional work experience. 7+ years of hands-on IT experience with hosting solutions and architecture. 2+ years of experience interfacing with customers and providing technical solutions. Must have and maintain a valid driver’s license, insurance, and have access to reliable transportation. Travel required per business need. Other Qualifications: Experience with consultative selling or solution-based sales in a technical field. 5 to 10 years of experience as a Solutions Engineer, Managed Hosting Support engineer (managed hosting, Cloud, virtualization), or related operational engineering role. Strong understanding of virtualization technologies, specifically VMware. VMware Certified Professional (VCP) a plus but not a requirement. Strong understanding of storage technologies including block level (SAN) and file level (NAS) systems. Preferred vendor product knowledge: Cisco, Dell EMC, VMWare, HPE, Microsoft Azure or AWS Working knowledge of data center infrastructure including power and cooling systems. Familiarity with the Uptime Institute tiering standards a plus Understanding of network based systems and appliances such as firewalls, routers, switches, and load balancers. Working knowledge of both Windows and Linux operating systems. Ability to interface effectively with customers and internal departments such as engineering and operations at the technical level to deliver a solution that serves the customer’s needs. Ability to gather relevant facts and develop and successfully pursue a business case including revenue opportunities, network diagrams and capital requirements. Ability to communicate directly to technical teams and provide network architecture layout based on solutions' performance needs. Strong project management skills including the ability to lead project teams. Strong computer skills including Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Power Point, Project Manager, and Visio) Excellent communication skills (written & oral presentation). Ability to travel as necessary to support business. Possible travel of 25-30% required. Benefits: As a part of your total compensation, TDS provides a comprehensive, competitive benefit package. The benefit plans address both the immediate and long term needs that you and your family may have. For an overview of what we have to offer for full-time employees including vacation, health benefits and retirement options please click here.