Job Details Operations Associate (000301) Job Number: 000301 Job Title: Operations Associate Number of Openings: 1 Job Type (Employment Type): Full time Country: United States State/Province: Texas City: Austin, TX Application Deadline: 2018/08/20 Position Description Pharmacists Mutual has an opening for an Operations Associate in Austin, TX. This position assists the Underwriting Team through the use of technical skills by providing a broad range of administrative duties and support functions. Operations Associate I Supports the underwriting process through data entry, policy processing and other tasks as assigned. Has a broad understanding of the underwriting workflow and the software systems. Processes basic premium audits. Ability to recognize system irregularities. Operations Associate II Demonstrates a history of high quality work. Ability to troubleshoot and test any system enhancements or fixes. Processes intermediate premium audits. Assists in customer service phone calls. Provides administrative support to the underwriting team in areas of documentation, report management and vendor management. Essential Functions: Essential Functions may include, but are not limited to the following: 1\. Ensures data quality and accuracy, timely data entry, and policy processing. 2\. Understands the software data fields and is capable of interpreting and transferring information from applications, etc. to the corresponding data field. 3\. Provides timely and quality customer service. 4\. Attends and participates in appropriate meetings. 5\. Recognizes discrepancies and refers information back to appropriate teammate. 6\. Documents all transactions according to Company guidelines. 7\. Determines correct exposures and classifications for premium audits. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Thorough knowledge of principles and practices of insurance underwriting, collection and interpretation of data. Ability to use initiative and apply innovative thinking. Ability to organize and prioritize work. Establish and maintain effective working relationships in a team environment through written and oral communication. Correct English usage, spelling, grammar, vocabulary and punctuation. Ability to work independently. Contribute effectively to the accomplishment of all goals and objectives. Ability to interpret and apply laws, rules and regulations. Analyze complex issues and make critical decisions. Read, interpret and input data efficiently and accurately. Communicate and work effectively with others (oral and written). Follow oral and written directions. Ability to provide effective customer service. Ability to handle multiple tasks at once. Meet definite deadlines and deal with pressure situations. Obtain and utilize sensitive information discreetly and objectively. Determine when to escalate concerns to the appropriate level of management. Utilize computer and related software effectively, and be skilled in Microsoft computer programs. Position Requirements Education, Training and Work Experience Operations Associate I High school diploma or equivalent. Successful completion of insurance designation or insurance license OR will obtain AINS designation within an agreed upon timeframe with the manager. Operations Associate II Level I requirements. Two (2) years of insurance or data processing experience.