Overview _About the company:_ As a company, we promote a culture of honesty and integrity, and value the trust it allows us to build with customers and employees alike. If you are seeking to be a part of a family, this is the place for you! Performance Team (PT) is an industry-leading third-party logistics (3PL) company with nearly 30 years of experience in Warehousing, Distribution, Consolidation and Transportation. PT has 12 domestic hubs strategically located near major ports, interstate highways and intermodal rail lines allowing us to provide the retail and manufacturing industries with flexible B2B and B2C solutions for the movement, handling and distribution of goods. We believe that it is our talented team of professionals who help us stand at the forefront of the logistics industry today. Our focus on our people is what sets us apart and keeps our customers coming back to work with us! At a time when many companies are cutting back and losing their valuable resources, Performance Team is growing full force! Join the team that is outperforming the rest, and make a difference. _Position Overview:_ Responsible for coordinating the movement of empty and full containers to and from the Ports of Long Beach and Los Angeles. WE ARE ONLY CONSIDERING CANDIDATES WHO ARE AVAILABLE TO WORK THE FOLLOWING SHIFT: 5:00pm-2:00am Monday through Thursday and 7:00am-4:00pm Saturday Responsibilities Communicate with internal and external Performance Team customers Match full and empty containers with available driver pool Update dispatch system accurately and within appropriate timeframe Immediately escalate any concerning harbor related issues Provide drivers with all container related information Be familiar with all port related rules and regulations Ensure that work is distributed equally among all drivers Understand all port pick-up and procedures Remind drivers every day regarding safe driving and to be aware of their surroundings at all times Help drivers to remember port procedures and to stay abreast of any changes in same Be able to react to emergency or urgent situations as they occur and follow emergency and/or company accident protocol Qualifications Excellent communication (oral and written) skills in both English and Spanish Vast knowledge of the 14 terminals that make up the LA/LB ports Familiar with industry terminology Follows through with all tasks, assignments and job duties in a timely manner Must have excellent interpersonal and communication skills Must be detail oriented Ability to thrive in high pressure situations Ability to take on more responsibilities as skills improve Above average data entry skills Excellent attendance Ability to adapt to a dynamic environment Ability to work nights and weekends EEO Statement Performance Team is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Performance Team will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with all legal requirements. LI-NF1