We are a 100+ person team funded by top-tier firms, based in Santa Monica, CA with satellite offices in San Francisco. We are a low-key but tight-knit group of hard-working people working to fix America's broken healthcare system. Americans spend over $400 billion per year on prescriptions and too many people simply can't afford the medications they desperately need. Join GoodRx and help us solve meaningful problems that help us make people’s lives better every day. About the Role: GoodRx is looking for a Sr. Data Analyst to join our Data team. This individual will have a strong quantitative bent, experience with the entire data process, and strong communication skills. This role partners with our internal product, growth and engineering teams to extract meaningful insights from our data and inform business decisions that have a real impact on the lives of our users. You will play an integral part in bringing analytical rigor to product decision-making, and help build out our analytics ecosystem from data warehousing to data exploration and visualization tools. Responsibilities: Collaborate across multiple teams to understand business needs, analyze complex data, and clearly communicate recommendations Design metrics, reports and dashboards that help the product team and management better understand the user journey, monitor business health, and access data insights Provide timely, thorough reporting on new product features and strategic partnership initiatives Develop requirements for data-related projects and work with the data team to see projects from start to finish Utilize quantitative techniques to test hypotheses and analyze the impact of product updates Create advanced SQL queries in Redshift Contribute to the design of internal procedures and partner with engineering to improve data consistency, cleanliness, and ease of use Skills & Qualifications: 5+ years of work experience in data analysis Bachelor’s degree (preferably in a quantitative or related field); advanced degree a plus Strong knowledge with databases such as RedShift, PostgreSQL, and/or MySQL Aptitude for working with a diverse set of stakeholders and managing competing priorities Experience using statistical analysis and modeling techniques such as regression Experience with statistical tools and languages such as R or Python Familiarity with BI tools such as Tableau or Looker Knowledge of Jupyter notebooks a plus Brings a structured, rigorous approach to solving business problems Experience in product analytics or consulting a plus Experience measuring A/B tests a plus About GoodRx GoodRx is America’s leading prescription price transparency platform. More than 8 million people use the GoodRx website and our mobile apps each month. GoodRx helps consumers save up to 80% on their medications by delivering prices and available discounts at nearly every pharmacy in the U.S. Thousands of physicians and employees use GoodRx, and its services have been positively reviewed by Good Morning America, the American Heart Association, The New York Times, ABC News, AARP, Forbes and many others.