Financial Inst. Analyst I - 256676 Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco Primary Location CA-San Francisco Full-time / Part-time Full-time Employee Status Regular Overtime Status Exempt Job Type Entry Level Job Type Travel Yes, 10 % of the Time Shift Day Job Job Sensitivity Tier II - No Credit Check Financial Institutions Analyst Are you curious about the banking organizations that are regulated by the Federal Reserve? Do you want to learn more about the banking system and its organizational structure? Do you have a passion for tracking important information and pride yourself in being accurate? This is a great opportunity for you as a Financial Institutions Analyst within the Statistics NIC Banking Structure & Analysis unit. You would be part of a team responsible for ensuring the accuracy of banking structure information in the National Information Center (NIC) database. This is an important function as the data relates to the organizational structure and activities for banking organizations, which are used by various Federal Reserve System functions, including Supervision and Regulation. Highlights of Responsibilities Track information from a wide range of sources (other departments in the Reserve Bank, other regulatory agencies, and financial institutions) Analyze the data reported and assess for errors Monitor the structure data for compliance issues Communicate information to interested parties across the Federal Reserve system Work on ad hoc projects related to improving work process, enhancing data quality, supporting users, and developing automation tools Participate on regulatory reporting reviews (requires some travel) Qualifications: 1-5 years of experience including work and internships BA/BS degree, preferably in economics, banking, finance, law, or equivalent experience Strong organizational skills and attention to detail Excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to interact with all levels of staff Demonstrated analytical skills Knowledge of database concepts as well as experience with Microsoft Office: Excel, Access, Word, etc. United States Citizenship required Preferred Skills: Knowledge of banking and financial reporting, and regulations (e.g., Regulations Y and K) Ability to understand and interpret banking regulations and instructions The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Our people proudly reflect the diversity and ideas of the communities we serve.