Wireless and Advanced Signal Processing Researcher This position is within Lockheed Martin's Advanced Technology Laboratories. The Advanced Technology Laboratories (ATL) is the advanced computing asset of Lockheed Martin Corporation – a global enterprise with core business in systems integration, space, aeronautics and technology services. The mission at the Advanced Technology Laboratories is to enhance the Corporation’s competitive edge. We are a group of professionals who develop and apply “cutting edge” technologies. Eighty percent of ATL employees are engineering professionals with advanced degrees in computer science, electrical engineering, physics, mathematics, and psychology. All our LM ATL employees are part academician, part researcher, and part entrepreneur, and we strive to develop new technologies, work with our academic partners, and transition our technologies to other Lockheed Martin companies and customers. We offer a continuous learning environment with strong career growth and advancement opportunities. We offer a competitive salary and benefit package, relocation assistance, fitness center, recreation room, flexible work schedule and a relaxed dress code. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and a drug free workplace with Pre-Employment Screening. Job Description: Candidate will support research and technology development projects funded by DARPA, DOD service Labs labs such as AFRL, and internal IR&D Candidate will develop advanced wireless communication concepts, Electronic Warfare knowledge, SIGINT and ELINT capability, distributed sensor design with experience in advanced signal processing, DSP and embedded processor programming. Background: The Engineer will work in a research and development (R&D) environment with cutting edge tools, systems, and research The work will include developing electronic warfare algorithms supporting signal tracking, detection and intercept, geolocation, modern protocol analysis, cyber security and cyber warfare business efforts, as well as supporting cognitive electronic warfare (EW) programs. The engineer will be working within the EW efforts on Spectrum Awareness and Surveillance programs. The work will involve research in advanced communication systems, COMINT, ELINT, SIGINT, software defined radios for Electronic Warfare, SIGINT and RADAR, advanced machine learning, smart sensing and threat management, signal source separation methods, threat analysis, geolocation and direction finding The engineer will attend and may present at various industry conferences and customer venues. We offer a competitive salary and benefit package, relocation assistance, fitness center, recreation room, flexible work schedule and a relaxed dress code. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and a drug free workplace with Pre- Employment Screening. Prior to starting work, the selected candidate will select a standard 40 hour / 5 days per week flexible schedule or a flexible 9/80(A) schedule (typically M-Th 9 hours/day; 8 hours on Friday and every other Friday off). Desired Skills: • Experience in programming Digital Signal Processors (DSP) and FPGA Familiarity with modern wireless communication techniques and protocols BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: BS in Electrical Engineering, Math, or other science field or BS in Computer Science or Computer Engineering combined with appropriate experience or course work. Working knowledge of Matlab or Labview Ability to obtain DoD Secret or higher clearance which requires US citizenship. Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s team of 113,000 people works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland, Lockheed Martin has employees based in all 50 states and more than 570 facilities that span 70 countries. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.