The NFL is looking for a Data Architect with football / Media knowledge to join an innovative team of Data Engineers and BI architects. The team is responsible for timely delivery of Insights / Dashboards and build warehouse for technologies at the NFL. We work closely with multiple NFL departments to design and develop our data systems to satisfy our ever growing customer needs. We are looking for extremely driven data engineers interested in working on a focused team to deliver successful solutions that impact a number of core NFL business. You will have a strong technical background with experience in development of big data platforms solutions. The successful candidate will be someone who is a self-starter with ownership attitude and a good communicator that is able to work within a team that delivers cutting edge solutions on tight deadlines. This is an excellent opportunity to get involved in innovating with new big data solutions and become an expert in the domain. Key responsibilities: Define vision, strategy and principles for data management and serve as a liaison between data consumers, solution development, and integration teams. Lead the organizational data architecture to continue to build and cultivate a world class team. Define standards for names, governing, managing, describing, cleansing, moving, storing, searching and delivering all data within the enterprise, Inform and interpret data project sponsors Partner with Engineering to implement processes and systems that enable the NFL to deliver feature-rich, scalable, and high performance solutions. Be an effective spokesperson and champion for the development team and NFL. Must provide leadership and governance to adapt Leagues data management platforms, processes, and policies. Creation and management of data integration, data warehousing, analytics and Big Data roadmaps The successful candidate will have the following specific experience and possess these necessary skills: Have designed and built scalable infrastructure and platforms to collect and process very large amounts of data (structured and unstructured), including streaming real-time data. Must have knowledge and experience in data analysis, modeling, integration and deriving KPI (key performance indicators) metrics. Knowledge of Reporting / Visualization tools Must understand how data is and will be used including the implication on processes, people and technology. Currently holds, or has held, a visible and high impact leadership position; will have experience working in a product-oriented platform environment that has scaled and have been involved in architecting and building scalable analytics solutions Hands on experience with Big Data and open source tools, e.g. MapReduce, Hadoop, Amazon EMR, Azure, Amazon Redshift, Spark, Glue etc. Strong experience with Microsoft BI -- Stack -- SSIS / SSAS / Power BI. A strong ability to work with different databases and platforms. (Postgres, Oracle, SQL Server, Windows and Linux) Experienced with scripting (power shell, python, bash) Thought leader with very strong communication skills, and management skills. Ability to work with different people across a multiple teams effectively. Strong technical data management skills combined with the ability to lead at an enterprise level Strong knowledge of Football and Digital Media platforms Strong presentation skills aimed at aligning technical solutions with business value, Strong interpersonal, relationship and management skills with excellent written and verbal communication skills Track record of innovative solutioning , problem solving and providing guidance to juniors Experienced with high volume, low latency, highly available platform design in fast pace environment. Ability to handle multiple priorities and meet aggressive deadlines. BA/BS and ideally advanced degree or equivalent combination of education/experience Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled