Job Description Ford was built on the belief that freedom of movement drives human progress. As we look to the future and the changing needs of society, we are committed to becoming the world's most trusted mobility company - delivering smart vehicles for a smart world. Our people and their experiences are critical to making that happen, and that's where we come in. We drive the human side of Ford - fostering a winning culture that empowers people from diverse backgrounds to work together and realize the otherwise impossible. We create value through people by being change leaders, talent strategists, employee advocates and cultural architects. Simply put, we are trust partners - experts in all thing people. Our HR strategic priorities guide our customer-centric approach while we adapt to the changing needs of the business: Deliver game changing experiences to unleash the best in our people and make lives better Be a winning enterprise, fit in its experiences, structure and ways of work Bring the best of our past, inspire creativity in the way we think and work to bring values to life Human Resources Internship Program Our goal is to provide meaningful, relevant and challenging HR assignments that directly contribute to the Company business objectives and HR strategic priorities. Interns work on real-world, project-based assignments that are designed to build HR competencies and allow them opportunities to showcase their contributions and growth. Over the course of 12-weeks, the summer intern program provides opportunities to build a network of friends and contacts, to learn about living and playing in Southeastern Michigan and to see how Ford and the HR team contribute to the company vision. Upon completion of a successful internships, interns may be considered for full-time employment opportunities in our HR Ford College Graduate (FCG) Program. The FCG program is a 4 year rotational program designed to build a solid foundation through networking and learning experiences by providing opportunities to develop and implement business solutions. Minimum Requirements: First-year master's student (MLIR, MSHR, MBA or JD) Candidates must graduate and be available for full-time work prior to September 2020 Less than 3 years of relevant work experience GPA of 3.2 or higher on a 4.0 scale (to be confirmed prior to internship) Willing and able to work in a manufacturing environment, with shift work as required Preferred Requirements: Commitment to Being Built Ford Tough and Playing to Win Plan, organize and prioritize multiple tasks within a defined time period Adapt to a dynamic work environment Manage projects and change Communicate clearly, concisely and persuasively Commitment to Putting People First, Doing the Right Thing and Being Curious to Create Tomorrow as One Ford Engage and cultivate diverse teams Leverage prior HR-related and other professional work experience Ability to adapt to a dynamic working environment Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.