Nestlé Health Science (NHSc) is a company on a mission and on the move, motivated by the opportunity to forge a major therapeutic role for nutrition in the management of health and establish a new industry between food and pharmaceuticals. The two elements of the equation are simple; societies are ageing and age and lifestyle related diseases are spiraling. Needs are growing for safe, effective and cost-effective solutions. At the same time, scientific understanding of health, disease and the potential of nutrition – as an integral part of managing health and disease – is growing. Nestlé Health Science , a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Nestlé Group, was created in 2011 to be a leader in these developments and make things happen. We have over 3,000 employees around the world with a wide mix of capabilities – from bio-medical engineers to regulatory specialists, medical delegates (sales force) and health economic experts that reflect our dynamism and intent to create. This position manages the team responsible for the overall control and accuracy of customer data for Nestlé Health Science’s Medical Nutrition business. Key operational contact for 200+ distributors on the processing of customer sales data, pricing and other communication. Responsible for intake and accuracy of customer sales data, customer master data, and managing process to communicate and execute pricing. Also responsible for management of data within CRM system. Primary Responsibilities: Manage operational relationships between Nestlé and 200+ distributors to ensure accurate pricing and ongoing operational efficiencies. Validate sales data from distributors for Nestlé hospital, home care and nursing care customers. Setup and maintain distributor & customer accounts and master data. Work with broader Business Operations to establish and enforce data governance and control standards. Manage CRM solutions to provide user-focused, high quality, timely, and accurate support of all day-to-day CRM operational processes. Represent Nestlé on industry-wide process improvements and data standardization. Participate in special projects as assigned. Recruit, select and retain highly qualified professionals. Provide leadership necessary to maintain a motivated, productive and competent team through open lines of communication and delegation of responsibilities and authority. Liaise with global CRM team on ongoing basis to build strong ongoing working relationships. Qualifications EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS 7+ years of related job experience with process, control and data management. Bachelor’s degree in Business, Management Information Systems, Mathematics or equivalent. Experience managing small to medium sized teams, with ability to work cross-functionally. High level of proficiency in a variety of applications such as Microsoft Access, Excel, PowerPoint. Master data management concepts, including data quality reporting and data governance. The Nestlé Companies are equal employment and affirmative action employers and looking for diversity in qualified candidates for employment.