At Memorial Sloan Kettering (MSK), we’re not only changing the way we treat cancer, but also the way the world thinks about it. By working together and pushing forward with innovation and discovery, we’re driving excellence and improving outcomes. For the 28th year, MSK has been named a top hospital for cancer by U.S. News & World Report. We are proud to be on Becker’s Healthcare list as one of the 150 Great Places to Work in Healthcare in 2018, as well as one of Glassdoor’s Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work for 2018. We’re treating cancer, one patient at a time. _Join us and make a difference every day._ Job Details: MSK has an exciting newly created opportunity for a Business Development Manager in Data Assets and Analytics. Increasingly, areas such as data science, artificial intelligence, image analytics, and genomics play a large role in how we treat our patients at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center (MSK), and form a significant component of MSK’s intellectual property portfolio and collaborations with industry. The Business Development Manager , Data Analytics and AI will play a crucial role in ensuring that these kinds of assets are commercialized in such a way that benefits patients and returns the most value to MSK. AS THE BDM YOU WILL: Work with our scientists, physicians, and administrators to identify and evaluate new computational technologies and data-focused assets at MSK. Work with institutional partners to craft plans for development and commercialization of the technology, monitor progress against this plan, and then market to and negotiates with potential licensees and collaborators – prominent pharmaceutical, biotechnology, diagnostic and tech companies. Work with investors to start new companies based on MSK technology and data. Act in a project management role once collaborations have begun, making sure that MSK fulfills its obligations and that our partner does the same. YOU ARE: Knowledgeable about business and the marketplace and able to apply this knowledge to advance the organization’s goals. A cultivator of innovation who creates and champions new ways for the organization to be successful. Capable of building strong customer relationships and delivering customer-centric solutions. Willing to take action and eager to embrace new opportunities and tough challenges with a sense of urgency, high energy, and enthusiasm Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances. Resilient in recovering from setbacks and skilled at finding detours around obstacles. Able to operate effectively, even when things are not clear or the way forward is not obvious. Adept at learning quickly, applying insights from past efforts to new situations. YOU HAVE: A Bachelors Degree in Biomedical Sciences, Data / Computational Science or similar A Master’s Degree is preferred You have 4-7 years experience working for a Tech, Pharma or Biotech company LI-KT1 MSK is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, veteran status or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.