Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. Responsibilities Mentor regional leads and practice members, and provide industry thought leadership on Change and Culture through internal and external conferences, published articles, videos and via social media. Drive the services product roadmap for the Change & Culture Practice while being critically focused on harvesting best practices and insights from the field teams Design and develop new intellectual property, tool-kits and templates to accelerate our broader direct and partner services ecosystem. Work cross-functionally to understand relevant product direction and inform product roadmap as the 'voice of the customer'. Travel up to 25% of the time. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Business or equivalent practical experience. Experience with culture strategy and transformation, organizational design & development, change management, and program management Experience successfully implementing a culture transformation and change management plan for enterprise technical organizations, such as IT Published work on change, culture and transformation through papers, corporate blogs, video lectures, or other credible medium Preferred qualifications: Previous experience implementing change & culture for Cloud transformation of large customers and organizations Digital Transformation experience from a technology standpoint, and/or experience implementing software CM for enterprise customers. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.