You love sports and and would consider yourself a huge sports fan (some would call you a fanatic)! You are a master when it comes to sports knowledge and the rules around football, basketball, baseball and hockey. You love watching sports and being around sports-minded people. We are the fastest growing, global leader in providing sports data and content. And we are ramping up our Production team for the upcoming basketball season! As a member of the Production team, LDE Operators are responsible for watching live sporting events and recording stats in real time. The Operator position is a part-time position, with hours primarily on Saturdays, some Sundays, with occasional weeknight shifts. This highly detailed position will be required to track realtime statistics using Sportradar US' software, perform game day preparation for reviewing rosters and entering pregame information, and review and validate game statistics once the game is complete. Sports include football, baseball, basketball, hockey, soccer and more. Operators will be scheduled to monitor games live, with a heavy focus on college football and basketball games. Although we are open to working with a variety of schedules, Operators must be committed to working Saturdays. Key Responsibilities: Input live sports statistics, rosters and pregame information for scheduled games. Ensure all data entered is accurate, and quality standards and procedures are maintained. Report any concerns or issues to management in a timely manner. Skills & Requirements Must be 18 years of age. High school diploma or general education degree (GED) preferred; or one year related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Ability to process information quickly. Have an interest and knowledge in a variety of sports, particularly football and basketball. High attention to detail. Our Offer Generous Travel and Convenience Options Free snacks and drinks in the break room (healthy and less healthy) Casual dress and work environment. This company participates in E-Verify for employment verification. 888-897-7781 or www.dhs.gov/E-Verify