Manage a team of analytics, statisticians and data professionals and deliver leadership and guidance to help your team succeed. Manage and effectively analyze digital business and offline campaign behaviors, configuring and optimizing analytics technologies, and interpreting data for Centrica’s core set of websites. Prepare and deliver actionable presentations to the stakeholders and help answering critical business questions. Translate technical data output to business focused action items. Mobilize the analytics team to determine the success of omni-channel campaigns with and without digital components. Manage the daily/weekly/quarterly reporting and analysis of demand gen activities across digital, offline, partner and international channels. Monitor the success of direct mail, mass media, TV ads, radio ads, emails, SEO, social media, PPC and content campaigns and analyze trends and optimization opportunities. Identify new patterns through optimization of marketing campaigns. Support the marketing performance and budget management reporting to identify budget forecasting trends, gaps in spending, marketing sourced revenue forecasts, marketing ROI and attribution. Clearly communicate new updates, reporting and dash boarding changes, issues, risks, plans, etc. to all stakeholders. Accept requirements from multiple stakeholders and prioritize projects and analyze them for impacts to the systems, reporting, dashboards and analytics. Spearhead continuous data management process improvement across the customer lifecycle. Partner with functional experts in IT, digital, non-digital, operations, and other teams to build requirements/user stories around customer data. Maintain reports and dashboards to track changes in sales distribution, deal velocity, data usage, and other key metrics. Develop ad-hoc attribution and governance reports and dashboards as requested by user groups or stakeholders, delegate findings for further analysis core marketing analytics group. Requirements: years of expertise with marketing analytics, analytics team management and marketing data platforms Possess intellectual curiosity, combined with a knack for recognizing correlations, trends, and irregularities in lead data. Strong analytical, PowerPoint, Tableau and dash boarding skills. Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy. Strong quantitative analysis skills Strong work ethic, service orientation and high level of accountability Commitment to providing accurate, actionable and insightful information that drives business decisions Flexible, able to handle multiple projects simultaneously and stay cool under pressure Strong written and verbal communication skills Strong interpersonal skills and desire to work with others to achieve a common goal Passion for problem solving, focused on innovaton and challenging the status quo. Education Bachelor’s degree in finance, analytics or econometrics required, MBA in Econometrics or BI preferred PLEASE APPLY ONLINE by hitting the ' Apply ' button. Applications will ONLY be accepted via the ‘Apply’ button. This role is being handled by the Centrica recruitment team and NO agency contact is required.