Job Description Responsible for support, troubleshooting and installation/deployment of all UNIX-based systems at Expeditors, including, but not limited to, hardware and software installation and upgrades, account creation, maintenance, and coordination of contracted support services with all branch locations globally. Assists and instructs regional IS personnel to perform operating system updates, patching, installing and troubleshooting application problems. Major Duties and Responsibilities: Diagnose and isolate operating system, server-side networking, and application related problems. Utilize available resources (IS colleagues, Oracle Support Center) to correct or create suitable work-arounds. Provide documentation and training for all testing and troubleshooting procedures that are repeatable. Maintain and enhance existing systems administrator tools, and develop new tools, using available programming and scripting languages, shells scripts, Python, Ruby and Perl, automating repetitive tasks where possible. Perform system builds and hardware upgrades for both corporate and branch UNIX servers as well as hardware maintenance and repairs/replacements. Provide helpdesk ticketing and emergency support. Assist with UNIX problem diagnostics, system recovery and disk recovery. Provides second-level production support for servers and data storage including after-hours on-call support. All requests for help will be acknowledged/resolved in a timely manner. Provide system backup support to branch and CHQ support teams including user menus, scripts, backup software and web-based monitoring tools. Document system procedures and tools including, but not limited to, on-call procedures, non-standard system builds and troubleshooting of non-standard systems. Training of IS support and operations staff to understand procedures. Simplify the tasks of monitoring system health, diagnosing problems and quickly responding to hardware/software failures. Provide disaster recovery documentation and procedures for Branch Users. Research and review industry's latest solutions in various technology spaces (Virtualization, Storage, Backup Strategies, etc.) and provide recommendations to continuously improve performance. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Ability to work in a fast paced environment with minimal supervision. Mentor less experienced team members.