Job Summary: Looking for meaningful IT work in beautiful Bellingham? Are you an IT professional who enjoys working with diverse clients? Do you thrive in a team problem-solving environment? If you answered yes to the questions, Whatcom County is interested in learning more about your qualifications and experience. The Systems Administrator is responsible for providing technical expertise and user support necessary for the day-to-day operation, administration and maintenance of computer workstations, related peripherals and applications. This position is responsible for installing, moving and maintaining hardware and software; trains staff; oversees consultants; troubleshoots reported problems with equipment or software; makes budget projections based on departmental needs. Reports to: IT Associate Manager Visit the Job Description Page to view more details about this specific job. Qualifications: Requires a bachelor's degree in computer science, information systems, systems engineering or a related field AND four (4) years of progressively responsible experience directly supporting computer workstations, printers, mobile devices and related peripherals and software in a large multi-site organization. OR Requires a bachelor's degree in any field AND six (6) years of progressively responsible experience as stated above AND one or more Microsoft Certifications related to Whatcom County's current or planned/future computer environment. Preferred Qualifications: Microsoft Certification related to Windows Desktop Operating Systems. Microsoft Certifications related to Microsoft Office. Two years of experience with Microsoft deployment Tool Kit and/or Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager. Experience with Track-It! help desk software. Knowledge of local government practices and procedures. Background check must meet County criteria for security sensitive positions, which includes fingerprinting and FBI national database checks, at time of hire and throughout employment. Must have a driving record that meets County standards and possess a valid driver's license at time of hire and throughout employment. Must be able to cross between the United States and Canada. Must pass job related tests. Salary: Master Collective Bargaining Agreement Range 180.0 $27.20 - $38.27 per hour