Overview DOING THE MOST GOOD Do you want to use your skills and talents to make a lasting difference in the world? The Salvation Army is the fourth largest charity in the United States and is an international organization based on Biblical principles created to help people in need. We are mission-driven, diverse, collaborative, and focused on positive results for people. Join us in making a difference. POSITION TITLE: Intake Worker LOCATION/DEPT: Evangeline Booth Lodge REPORTS TO (TITLE): Social Service Manager FLSA CATEGORY: Non-Exempt STATUS TYPE: Regular Full-Time DEPARTMENT MISSION To support the full mission of The Salvation Army by providing compassionate, professional service to the families and single women residing at the Lodge and the community in a team-focused manner with the entire Lodge staff. OUTCOMES Intake Workers are the initial contact for families and single women accessing the residential services at the Evangeline Booth Lodge. This service includes professional interactions, initial phone interviews of potential clients, on- site intake, pre-orientation, orientation, some distribution of basic supplies, communicating with donors, service providers and the community, and offering support to the case managers and Social Service Manager. This includes assistance with written and oral communications and while maintaining confidentiality. Responsibilities ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Program/Administrative Duties Receive all inquiries for residential services and phone intakes. Inform lead Social Services Manager of the service requests. Facilitate initial placement of guest(s) to the Lodge to include, but not limited to, conducting pre-orientation, facilitating access to assigned room, notifying case managers of new placements. Notify Housekeeping and/or Social Services Manager of impending new placements and guest departures. Perform general front desk duties including reading daily emails, handling mail, managing appointments, handling incoming/outgoing phone calls (directing calls to appropriate staff) in a courteous and professional manner and other related duties. Notify Case Manager in writing of any special mental health, and/or dietary accommodations of guests that are disclosed or requested during pre-orientation. Schedule all guests over the age of 14 for drug testing during pre-orientation. Submit documentation to appropriate personnel. Store guest medications in assigned area. Facilitate guest receipt of medications at all times, document daily guest intake of medications, file any/all medication instructions in medication log book and inform assigned Case Managers of written instructions/special accommodations required. Complete paperwork necessary to report maintenance requests. Prepare unusual incident report and/or program violation reports as needed and/or warranted. Distribute to designated personnel. Verbally inform Social Services Manager of program violations that threaten the life, health, safety and well-being of guests, staff, and/or visitors and that require immediate intervention (to include emergency services personnel). Contact 911 as instructed to address a crisis. Perform data entry and/or report writing of daily and/or monthly demographics and program statistics. Provide assistance in administering drug testing. Maintain confidentiality of guest information (verbal/written). Client Interaction Serve as meal monitor on assigned days (or as required) to provide coverage. Encourage guest compliance by checking on-site availability of guests. Verbally request guests attendance at breakfast if on-site. Notify Case Managers of non-attendance. Prompt guest to adhere to program guidelines for appropriate conduct and utilization of program services and facilities. Perform safety checks of guests’ baggage and/or guest rooms as necessary to prevent the concealment and storage of alcohol, drugs, weapons, and/or hazardous materials (i.e., combustible/fire agents, smoking materials or other) as necessary or upon request by case management and/or supervisory staff. Direct guests to address any/all social service issues to their assigned Case Manager (Social Service Manager during absences). This includes issues pertaining to family, self, mental health/emotional, financial, substance abuse, parenting, and/or physical). Promote the supervision of minor children at all times during guest placement. May provide verbal prompting to parents (in cases of non-compliance). Document and report non-compliance of parental supervision to Case Managers and/or Social Services Manager. Store and distribute guest cigarettes and smoking paraphernalia. Discourage and monitor guest compliance with no smoking on site, in guest room, or on surrounding property. Other Duties Provides assistance in ensuring coordinated efforts with other areas, as assigned. Attend staff meetings as required. Wear Salvation Army uniform shirt during shift at all times. Shirts must be returned at time of termination/resignation. All other duties as assigned. Qualifications EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE Minimum of high school diploma or GED equivalent. 2 years’ work experience working with homeless families or individuals. COMPETENCIES: Good communication and interpersonal skills. Knowledge of or a willingness and aptitude to learn the concepts involved with serving low-income families. Demonstrated ability to use initiative and be a self-starter. An attention to detail. A positive attitude and the ability to be flexible in light of changing job situations/priorities. A willingness to support the mission of The Salvation Army and an appreciation of faith based service organizations. An ability to work with confidential material. PHYSICAL DEMANDS/WORK ENVIRONMENT This position is required to do light physical work. In order to successfully perform the essential functions of this position, the employee is regularly required to use standard office equipment and a PC. The work environment for this position is a residential environment with a low to moderate noise level. Must be able to work with clients that have poor social skills, suffer from mental illness, and have substance abuse problems.