Mesa,Arizona,United States GNH1N2 The Boeing Company is seeking a Logistics Data / Publication Specialist (Entry Level) in Mesa, AZ. The successful candidate will function as an IETM author for the Apache Longbow (AH-64) Program. POSITION RESPONSIBLITIES: Experience may include mechanical, electrical, avionics and ordnance. Analyzes and evaluates engineering source data, vendor data, and customer data in order to design, organize, and develop technical data required to operate and maintain AH-64 weapon systems. Analyzes and evaluates impact of engineering changes on technical data. The position requires the development and implementation of maintenance tasks, Fault Isolation Procedures (FIPs) and Maintenance Operational Check (MOCs). Requires the ability to read, interpret & analyze engineering data, tool lists, Logistic Support Analysis (LSA) data and supporting databases. The position requires an extensive working knowledge of the Apache helicopter systems operation and Army maintenance concept. Assists with quality reviews and validations, conducts in-process reviews, and supports verification. Must be a self-starter with strong interpersonal skills and have the ability to clearly communicate complex technical information to personnel while interfacing effectively with team partners, Integrated Product Team (IPT) members, Customers and cross-functional disciplines. Travels for work 10% of the time. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): Must be able to read and interpret blueprints, schematics, wiring diagrams, technical manuals and the use of military specifications. Experience working with industry and military specifications and standards requirements and processes Must be self motivated and strive to continually develop skills and work with minimal direction. Must be able to work in office environment and learn multiple computer applications and processes; such as internet navigation, email, Microsoft Office and/or other specialized computer applications Must be able to work in team environment and communicate clearly with both internal and external customers. Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Minimum Technical Bachelor's degree along with work related experience IETM and/ or Technical manual usage, familiar with the Interactive Electronic Technical Manuals (IETM) used on the AH-6D and AH-64E is preferred. Engineering experience to include integration of technical impacts and plans across multiple functions or Integrated Product Teams (IPTs) Experience in Apache systems Typical Education/ Experience: Technical bachelor's degree and typically 2 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree or an equivalent combination of education and experience. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. This position is located in Mesa, AZ and does not offer relocation assistance. Applicants must reside in area or be willing to relocate at their own expense. Yes, 10 % of the Time Engineering Mods & Maintenance Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company