Employment Status: Full time Job Function: Information Systems Department: 420202 IS Infrastructure & Non Clinical Applications-Specialist Shift Hours / Days: Monday- Friday, Days Hours / Pay Period: 80 Senior Integration Analyst- Goodyear, AZ We Fight Cancer: Care That Never Quits ® Cancer Treatment Centers of America ® (CTCA ®) delivers an extraordinary patient experience we call Patient Empowered Care ®. We deliver state-of-the- art, high quality care through an integrative model where a team of experts puts patients at the center of their own care. Every day, you will help patients win the fight against cancer. Every day is challenging and rewarding beyond your imagination. A Culture of Teamwork, Empowerment & Development CTCA provides Stakeholders with exceptional support and easy access to a wide range of tools and resources they need to bring the best of themselves, every day. Our benefits, wellness, and compensation programs lead the market. We provide extensive training and career development opportunities that encourage professional and personal growth—it is a point of pride. We empower our Stakeholders to deliver the highest standard of care, which we call the Mother Standard ®. Job Summary: The Senior Integration Analyst performs the analyses, dataflow/mapping specification documentation, configurations (routes, filters, translations, etc.), QA, change controls, and support for application-to-application data integration solutions on CTCA's Enterprise Application Integration (EAI) platforms, currently Mirth Connect, Allscripts eLink, Allscripts dbMotion and Microsoft BizTalk. He/she typically is assigned to larger, more complex efforts, and under minimal supervision partners with application analyst peers to deliver consistent, on-time, high quality, supportable solutions. For projects and enhancements, he/she provides input to the Manager of Integration Services to capture full scope of deliverables and tasks in Team Foundation Server (TFS), and partners with IS Developers, IS Application teams, Infrastructure teams, vendors and PMO to ensure those deliverables and tasks are coordinated with the overall project deliverables. At times, the Senior Integration Analyst will also work with application teams to vet new applications' interface functionality or negotiate with existing vendors to add new interface functionality in their applications to meet CTCA's evolving business requirements. For support, he/she performs troubleshooting, issue resolution, variance documentation/escalation and root cause analyses (RCA), and participates in the team's on-call rotation. For any negative trends/metrics with the team's solutions or operations, he/she will collaborate with the rest of the team to identify and address both technical and process/documentation root causes. Job Responsibilities: Collaborates within the Integration Services team and across all other IS teams and application vendors and end users to implement and support robust interface solutions on CTCA's EAI platforms Develops interface architecture design consistent with best practices to meet the needs of the application teams' end users and provide maximum uptime. Provide on-going mentoring and guidance to less senior members of Integration team. Facilitates the refinement of standards and guidelines for the design, implementation and maintenance of EAI integration solutions. Conforms to all change control procedures, policies, guidelines, and standards for all system changes – and champions/reinforces those procedures within the team. Architect and document interface dataflows (Visio) that support end user workflows Review vendor interface specs, facilitate HL7 mapping calls with vendors and application teams, create HL7 mapping specs (Excel) Develop and support HL7 interfaces in Mirth Connect Support interfaces in Allscripts eLink, Allscripts dbMotion, and Microsoft BizTalk Provide input for interface test plans and participate in end-to-end application interface test sessions with QA and/or application teams As interface SME, facilitate interface troubleshooting, resolution and root cause analyses with other teams in CTCA's complex environment of multiple facilities, multiple time zones, multiple instances of applications, multiple interface engine technologies Minimum Requirements: Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology, Informatics or related business area with equivalent experience in appropriate fields is required.Master's Degree is preferred. 7+ years of IT experience, primarily within application integrations is required 5+ years HL7 interface engine experience in clinical environment required (e.g., Mirth, Cloverleaf, Corepoint, Rhapsody, Ensemble) HIE platform experience is preferred (e.g., dbMotion, Mirth Results, Medicity, RelayHealth) CCDA interface experience is preferred SME on team's EAI platforms and knowledge of all interfaces with other enterprise applications Experience and understanding of infrastructure, network and databases as it pertains to EAI interfaces is preferred Knowledge of Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) and project management methodologies and tools (TFS) is preferred Knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications, including Visio is preferred Familiarity with industry integration protocols (HL7, SFTP, REST, etc.) is required Self-starter, combining attention to detail with sense of urgency, customer service and quality assurance in day-to-day activities Ability to display professionalism in stressful situations, including workload pressure and deadlines is required Ability to learn and apply new technologies is required Ability to mentor and be mentored is required Participate in after-hours on-call support rotation in 24x7x365 clinical environment is required The Best Place to Work We call ourselves Stakeholders because we all have a stake in the care and success of every patient. Today, CTCA Stakeholders deliver healing and hope to patients fighting complex and advanced cancer in Atlanta, GA, Chicago, IL, Philadelphia, PA, Phoenix, AZ and Tulsa, OK. Each of our hospitals earned a Best Place to Work distinction and receives numerous accreditations that celebrate our culture of clinical quality, innovation, high performance and wellness. Beyond The Resume, What We Look For We select people with talent—people who thrive in an environment of continuous improvement. We are creative and resourceful problem solvers. We are inventors and innovators. As a CTCA Stakeholder, you make the difference in the life of a patient. Do you see yourself working with a passionate team in a dynamic, high growth environment? Visit www.cancercenter.com/careers to begin your journey