Why Pace Runners?? We’re a FAMILY Competitive Pay Technology Training Benefits Recognition At Pace , our partnerships are paramount. We are committed to our customers’ and partners’ success, and will provide unmatched customer service and flawless execution. Our technology and insights help us deliver dependable and consistent results to you every day. People are at the center of everything we do, and safety is vital. We care deeply about helping others succeed. From our customers to their customers, from our employees to our partners, we are committed to serving everyone with a relentless servant’s spirit. Let’s solve logistics together. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Assist in optimizing and planning the delivery network (Macro- and Micro- levels of detail). Improve existing routes and develop route models for potential customers. Facilitate systematic problem solving, implementing solutions to solve root-cause problems. Coach, champion and (occasionally) lead improvement projects within a specific delivery Area or Region. Assist with project leadership to include identifying opportunities, defining and financially justifying projects, resources and launching project teams. Assist with identifying integration issues with other projects/processes and coordinate the improvements with the appropriate project leader to accomplish project goals. Facilitate processes to identify and implement initiatives/projects that reduce costs and improve services to customers. Provide feedback to the leadership team regarding opportunities in current SOPs and potential changes. Collect and monitor activities to assess trends and opportunities for each business unit (Delivery Center) and provide proactive recommendations. Identify relevant technologies that can improve operations, including safety performance. Communicate with Operations Management and Corporate Leadership on opportunities and progress. Assist with developing synergies across all operations especially, with system-wide initiatives. Establish and manage systems to support “right the first time” culture. Review KPI’s and metrics to assess the effectiveness of implemented changes and projected benefit of proposed changes. Education and/or Work Experience Requirements: Bachelor’s degree preferred. A basic understanding of application software and data, though no coding experience is needed. Exceptional problem solving and analytical skills. Excellent written communication skills. Creative thinking and constant desire to make processes better. Ability to juggle multiple projects simultaneously. Attention to detail. An interest in working hard and being challenged in a fast-paced environment, while having fun doing it. Required travel. Ability to utilize Microsoft Office Suite (Access, Excel, Word, PowerPoint). Ability to utilize web-based Business Intelligence tools to identify downward trends and continuous improvement opportunities. Ability to utilize Logistics management systems (Xcelerator and CXT) and Delivery/Route optimization tools (Compass and Streets & Trips).