Microsoft Architect We are hospitals and affiliated medical groups, working closely together for the benefit of every person who comes to us for care. We build comprehensive networks of quality healthcare services that are designed to offer our patients highly coordinated, personalized care and help them live healthier lives. Through collaboration, we strive to provide all of our patients and medical group members with the quality, affordable healthcare they need and deserve. The Microsoft Architect designs, documents, provides implementation management, change control and senior support related to all Microsoft technologies and solutions deployed in the Enterprise. Performs duties and responsibilities in a manner consistent with our mission and values. Job Responsibilities/Duties Works with Application Architects to develop/document Microsoft architecture for applications. Works with Data Architects to develop/document Microsoft architecture for databases. Documents all aspects of Microsoft products deployed in the Enterprise (including AD, Office365, SQL Server, etc.) Works with the Change Advisory Board to review and approve Microsoft changes Works with the IT Operational team to develop processes around monitoring of Microsoft tools May project manage small projects within the Microsoft Architect’s purview Performs other work duties as assigned. Qualifications Minimum Education: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience required. Minimum Experience: Experience working with mission critical software. Knowledge of Active Directory and AD Connect. Knowledge of Office365. Knowledge of SQL statements. Req. Certification/Licensure: None. Employee Value Proposition Prospect Medical Holdings, Inc., is guided by a diverse and highly experienced leadership core. This group maintains the vision that has made Prospect a needed difference-maker in the lives of so many patients today, and many executives contribute to our continued efforts. As a member of our highly effective team of professionals you will receive: Company 401K Medical, dental, vision insurance Paid time-off Life insurance How to Apply To apply for this role, or search our other openings, please visit http://pmh.com/careers/ and click on a location to begin your journey to a new career with us! We are an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer and do not discriminate against applicants due to veteran status, disability, race, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation or other protected characteristics. If you need special accommodation for the application process, please contact Human Resources. EEOC is the Law: https://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm Keywords: Microsoft, IT, Architect, Technology