This Assistive Technology Specialist serves as a related services staff supporting special education teachers, and various therapists (PT, OT, SLP, VI) for students who are learning to use and implement a variety of assistive technology devices and systems. The AT Specialist works collaboratively with all staff to provide ideas, resources and training with a variety of assistive technology tools in the special education setting. The AT Specialist focuses on the implementation of Individual Education Plans (IEP). Responsible for training of Campus School students on the use of EagleEyes Assistive Technology, Camera Mouse, and other systems needed by the student. Coordinate and/or conduct assessments for Campus School students to determine choices or selections of appropriate systems. Assist in the evaluation of assessment tools to evaluate effectiveness of current and future usage of instructional and assistive technology. Collaborate with Campus School teachers and staff to customize individual programs for students. Identify, analyze and provide options and recommendations for the use and integration of technology into the classroom. Organize and document instructional technology processes and procedures for all technology used by Campus School students. Maintain portfolios of assessment data and provide reports and evaluations.Conduct inservice trainings on the use of Eagle/Eyes and Camera Mouse technology. Create learning resources for teachers which may include: web sites, tutorials, interactive programs and databases. Research emerging technologies and collaborate with teachers and administration about implementation of new tools. Identify new software, curriculum, teaching strategies and other educational areas. Review and research commercial software and/or consult with the Computer Department on the design of custom software for curriculum modification. Provide opportunities of instruction for parents to encourage home use of technology when appropriate. Attend/participate in conferences which promote AT for students with disabilities (i.e. Abilities Expo). Assist with class and/or group lessons, model use of technology,and train teachers, assistants and students to utilize appropriately. Position Details: Department: 055401 - Campus School Position: 00004374 - Assistive Technology Specialist Grade: 00 Competitive salary commensurate with relevant experience. Requirements REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE Knowledge of market trends promoting technological tools Prior experience working in a school setting with students with disabilities Ability to collaborate with faculty and families One to three years of experience working as an Assistive Technology Assistant preferably with students with severe disabilities. Bachelor's Degree in Assistive Technology preferred and experience with computers and other assistive technology. Closing Statement Boston College conducts background checks as part of the hiring process. Boston College is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected category including disability and protected veteran status. To learn more about how BC supports diversity and inclusion throughout the university please visit the Office for Institutional Diversity at http://www.bc.edu/offices/diversity.