YOUR MISSION: Supports the reporting and analysis of Sales and Gross Profit for both Production and Merchandise Products. Works on problems of a moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. A DAY IN THE LIFE: Assists in the compilation, reporting, and analysis of the Actual results, Forecast and Business Plan regarding sales, purchase cost, material cost, and other related cost. Assists in the preparation of the Forecast and Business Plan regarding sales, purchase cost, material cost, and other related cost. Performs Finished Good Bill of Material (BOM) analysis to understand changes in Standard Finished Good (FG) costs and/or variances between Standard and Actual FG costs. Performs Merchandise Purchase costs analysis to understand variances between Standard and Actual FG costs. Seeks ways to improve Gross Profit for a month, quarter, fiscal year 1st or 2nd half, fiscal year to date, and/or total fiscal year. Identifies areas of risk for achieving Gross Profit for a month, quarter, fiscal year 1st or 2nd half, fiscal year to date, and/or total fiscal year. Assists management in preparing mid-term pro-forma statements and reports. Assists management in making day-to-day operating decisions and offers advice on various aspects of Company management. Assists other departments in the evaluation of their performance as it pertains to sales and material/purchase costs. Assists in the monitoring and tracking of departmental KPI’s & accountabilities and objectives for self. Supports self-audits of internal systems and procedures and cooperating with internal/external auditors to support both audits and improve systems soundness and efficiency. Provides assistance on balance sheet account reconciliations. Supports assigned general ledger, journal entries as directed. Assists with the preparation of Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) documents and self-tests, as needed, for monthly quarterly, and yearly requirements. Interprets and enforces Company policies, procedures, and regulations. Prepares reports, charts, graphs, and other statistical information as necessary. Will initiate, recommend, or provide solutions through designated channels. Performs other related duties as assigned. MUST HAVES: Four-year college degree in Accounting or with a concentration in Accounting , Finance or Data Analytics. MBA preferred. Five (5) years of related Financial Analysis experience required. Demonstrated ability to mine big data required. Knowledge of data analysis, statistics or data science required. Knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) required. Working knowledge of analysis and/or business intelligence software required (i.e. Hyperion, HANA, Tableau). Experience in a manufacturing environment preferred. Intermediate proficiency with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook and Windows-based databases as appropriate to the position and assignment BENEFITS AND PERKS – WE’RE ALL ABOUT YOU: Great Benefits + Company-matched 401K retirement savings Annual Bonus Program Educational Assistance and Reimbursement Program Relaxed dress code Onsite Recreation Center & Café PASATalks High5 Program Onsite Happy Hours! WHO WE ARE: At Panasonic, our technology and engineering expertise delivers innovation across diverse industries. It's all about the consumer experience and making sure that we find ways to enhance that experience, either through audio enhancements or through safety enhancements inside the vehicle. Panasonic Automotive Systems Company of America (PASA) is an industry-leading global supplier to Automotive Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM’s) for infotainment systems and advanced connected car solutions. Our clients include Ford, GM, Chrysler, Daimler, Fiat, Tesla, Honda, Toyota, Nissan and many others. In serving our customers, we don't just strive to put tomorrow's technology on the road – we pride ourselves on recruiting the brightest and best to do it. WE TAKE OPPORTUNITY SERIOUSLY: Panasonic is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to: race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. All qualified individuals are required to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation. Due to the high volume of responses, we will only be able to respond to candidates of interest. All candidates must have valid authorization to work in the U.S. Thank you for your interest in Panasonic Automotive Systems of America.