Why Penske? Full time positions $3k sign on bonus Employee Referral Program Paid vacation / sick time Tuition Reimbursement Medical / Dental / Vision 401(k) and Cash Balance Pension Plan for your retirement Shift – 4:00 p.m. to 12:30 a.m. Must be flexible with your schedule and availability, as this location runs 24/7. Once your schedule is determined, it will be a set schedule. Could be asked to make deliveries in the event of call off, etc. Deliveries are pre-loaded trailers with live unload by store personnel. Equipment – 48’ & 53’ Dry Van Trailers Compensation – $24.00 / hour $3k sign on bonus paid OT Responsibilities: Performs inspection of vehicle prior to and after operation of, moves trailers in and out of dock as directed by management, couples and uncouples double trailers. Chocking trailers as they are spotted for loading and unloading and pulling from doors, the placement of nose supports for 28 ft trailers when spotted at dock doors Orderly maintaining of the yard, inspection of trailers prior to loading. Support and participate with Safety Team meetings and activities Also may perform duties of lift driver, scanner, maintenance and other tasks assigned by management. Will be responsible for inputting data into the yams phone. Other projects and tasks as assigned by supervisor Qualifications: At least 23 years of age CDL Class A license required 2 years of verifiable tractor-trailer driving experience in the last 5 years 3 years DMV/MVR record with two or fewer moving violations/accidents Reliable and customer oriented Safety oriented Regular, predictable, full attendance is an essential function of the job Willingness to travel as necessary, work the required schedule, work at the specific location required, complete Penske employment application, submit to a background investigation (to include past employment, education, and criminal history) and drug screening Physical Requirements: The physical and mental demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The associate must be able to see and hear. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus. While performing the duties of this job, the associate will be required to move frequently, stand, walk, and sit. The associate is frequently required to use hands to touch, handle, and feel, and to reach with hands and arms. The associate must be able to regularly lift and/or move up to 50lbs/23kg and occasionally lift and/or move up to 100lbs/45kg. The associate must be able to legally operate a motor vehicle and safely and frequently enter/exit the vehicle as well as the rear cargo area. Penske is an Equal Opportunity Employer. About Penske Logistics Penske Logistics is a wholly owned subsidiary of Penske Truck Leasing. With operations in North America, South America, Europe and Asia, Penske Logistics provides supply chain management and logistics services to leading companies around the world. Penske Logistics delivers value through its design, planning and execution in transportation, warehousing and freight management. Visit www.PenskeLogistics.com to learn more. Work Locations: 33400 Dowe Ave Union City, CA Primary Location: United States-California-Union City Job: Driver Penske (Oracle) Job Name: Driver Req ID: 1809278