Overview FOUNDED IN 2003, Carrington has evolved from a mortgage credit asset manager into a vertically-integrated real estate and mortgage company with four business divisions: Asset Management, Mortgage Servicing and Origination, Property Logistics and Management and Real Estate Services. TOGETHER, the Carrington Family of Companies has the ability to direct a range of activities across the life cycle of single family residential assets. TODAY, Carrington seeks to deliver to investors and consumers a comprehensive set of products and investment opportunities in the single-family residential markets with the ability to execute immediately. Due to our growth, we are looking for a Title System Administrator to join our team in Plano, TX. Join Carrington today! Responsibilities The Title System Administrator will be responsible for providing dedicated support for the title and settlement services production system and manage related critical initiatives. Play a key role in the design, development and management of Resware title and settlement production system. Analyze system configuration, design requirements specifications, and write business rules while following best practices for security and system management. Perform all duties in accordance with the company’s policies and procedures, all US state and federal laws and regulations, wherein the company operates. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Manage the implementation of the Resware enhancement project pipeline and various projects as assigned by CTS. Manage the title system vendor and meet with monthly to review system performance metrics. Responsible for Resware system configuration, workflows and maintenance. Verify, manage, administer, communicate, and resolve system issues. Responsible for data templates, document sets, fee tables, user hierarchy/access rights, software upgrades, and overall configuration maintenance. Work with CTS and CE management to leverage the production system for business needs. Provide support for production reporting. Analyze software upgrades and what affects they have on system functionality prior to implementation. Address system changes and procedure changes in mortgage department meetings. Build and maintain technical relationships with cross functional IT teams. Effectively communicate technical proposals to team members and management. Develop and maintain documentation for operating standards, processes and procedures. Perform other duties as assigned. Qualifications EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND/OR LICENSES: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience. Two (2) to four (4) years administration and configuration experience with Resware software. Prior experience in Financial Services industry a plus; Title / Settlement industry experience a significant plus. ESSENTIAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, ABILITIES, AND COMPETENCIES: Strong knowledge of Resware Production System. Understanding of the title / settlement and escrow industry. Basic Microsoft Office technical skills. Strong analytical and problem solving skills, with the ability to perform complex business and product requirement analysis and then translate them into configuration specifications. Ability to understand complex problems and to collaborate and explore alternative solutions. Ability to understand opposing points of view on highly complex issues and to negotiate and integrate different viewpoints. Ability to interact with Senior Management and other Leaders as an advisor on projects. Ability to make decisions that have significant impact on the department’s credibility, operations, and services. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer