Accelerate Your Career _Drive global technology_ With more than $2 billion in revenues, CDK Global is a leading global provider of integrated information technology and digital marketing solutions to the automotive retail and adjacent industries. Focused on enabling end-to-end automotive commerce, CDK provides solutions to dealers in more than 100 countries around the world, serving approximately 28,000 retail locations and most automotive manufacturers. CDK Global solutions automate and integrate critical processes from pre-sale targeted advertising to the sale, financing, insurance, parts supply, repair and maintenance of vehicles, with an increasing focus on utilizing data analytics and predictive intelligence. We’re large enough to make a difference but small enough for your voice to be heard. This means that we are an organization where every person matters. You can make an impact on the success of our business and that of our customers regardless of what career you decide to pursue. From data scientists to sales and client service experts, we’re hiring to support your growth and ours - Green light your career. POSITION SUMMARY We are seeking an experienced Web Analytics/BI Team Lead/Manager to use web analytics and optimization to develop and implement strategic solutions and key insights that drive our customers’ performance and return on investment. In addition, this position will oversee a team of direct reports. As a Web Analytics/BI Team Lead you will: . Oversee a team of 7-10 BI professionals. . Work closely with automotive manufactures across the US on optimizing their retail networks. . Provide strategy and direction around digital trends and industry standards to peers and internal / external teams. . Work with internal, client & 3rd party agencies to support the definition/clarification of business goals, online objectives & KPIs for the automotive retail network clients, their websites and associated programs. . Drive and support holistic performance marketing analysis, pulling and integrating on- and offline data, including behavioral, attitudinal, social, financial, transactional, competitive, call center and other data types. .Guide dashboard creation, organize and present data that supports key stakeholder goals and objectives . Exhibit a high level of expertise in driving the data strategy across multiple “listening posts” (websites, surveys, testing, CRM systems, market research etc). Essential Qualifications: . 5+ years of Web analytics experience with hands-on usage of an industry tool such as Adobe/Omniture, Google Analytics, Webtrends, etc. . 3+ years of experience managing a team of direct reports. . Fluency in data analysis tools and methodologies (SQL, data mining, data visualization) . Experience with Tableau desktop and server . Working knowledge and ability with standard office software applications Preferred Qualifications: . Excellent communication, relationship, data visualization & presentation skills. . Ability to multi-task, handle multiple priorities and adapt to a fast-paced environment. . Experience in stats/data science, automotive, digital advertising is a plus. CDK Global knows you have passions outside of work. You have family, friends, sporting events, and lots of things going on. That’s why we offer a comprehensive benefits package to not only take care of you but your family as well. All of our benefits are effective the first day of employment including 401K matching, paid time off to re-energize, donate your time to volunteer in your community, and tuition reimbursement to name a few. At CDK, we pride ourselves on having a diverse workforce. We value and celebrate the uniqueness of individuals and the different perspectives they provide. We offer equal opportunity employment regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, or protected veteran status.