Job Description: AP Consultant helps to drive AP processes and payment schedules out of Austin office. Utilizes a broad knowledge of financial theory and application to perform moderately complex financial analysis and activities that support and impact decision-making within a department or the entire Company. Duties may include: analyzing and reporting findings from economic research, operating or financial data; compiling, testing, modeling analyzing, and summarizing moderately complex, internal financial data; finding and resolving moderately complex problems; conducting variance, trend and forecasting moderately complex analyses; updating and operating financial models and systems; preparing, analyzing and providing input and recommendations to strategic plans; adhering to and communicating financial policies and procedures; recommending best practices and new business approaches to improve efficiencies in policies and procedures. May own medium to large sized projects. Understands Company’s compliance and risk management policies. Minimum Qualifications: 8+Yrs BS/BA Preferred Qualifications: Master ABOUT DJO GLOBAL DJO Global is a leading global developer, manufacturer and distributor of high-quality medical devices that provide solutions for musculoskeletal health, vascular health and pain management. Our products address the continuum of patient care from injury prevention to rehabilitation after surgery, injury or from degenerative disease, enabling people to regain or maintain their natural motion. Our products are used by orthopedic specialists, spine surgeons, primary care physicians, pain management specialists, physical therapists, podiatrists, chiropractors, athletic trainers and other healthcare professionals. In addition, many of our medical devices and related accessories are used by athletes and patients for injury prevention and at-home physical therapy treatment. Product lines include rigid and soft orthopedic bracing, hot and cold therapy, bone growth stimulators, vascular therapy systems and compression garments, therapeutic shoes and inserts, electrical stimulators used for pain management and physical therapy products. Our surgical division offers a comprehensive suite of reconstructive joint products for the hip, knee and shoulder. Our products are marketed under a portfolio of brands including Aircast®, Chattanooga, CMF™, Compex®, DonJoy®, ProCare®, Exos™, Dr. Comfort®, DonJoy Performance® and DJO® Surgical. For additional information on the Company, please visit www.DJOglobal.com. DJO is a portfolio company of the Blackstone Group EOE AA M/F/VET/Disability All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws.