STATISTICIAN Together, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, We push the limits of what technology can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be. Careers That Change Lives A Day In The Life Designs, plans and executes biostatistical components of plans for research and development projects that establish the conditions essential for determining safety, efficacy, and marketability of pharmaceutical and/or biological products. Uses sound statistical methodology to conduct studies relating to the life cycle of the product. In development-phase projects, prepares the statistical component of protocols which meet project objectives, health authority guidelines, and clinical trial methodology standards. Develops and/or applies statistical theories, methods, and software. Summarizes and interprets data into tabular and graphical formats amenable to principles of statistical inference and is responsible for the statistical component of reports describing studies, outcomes and methods used. Provides specifications and directions to the clinicians/statistical programmers. Supports the regulatory review and approval of the experimental therapies. May partner in trial design and in establishing standards for clinical conduct, and the collection, management and/or reporting of data. Must Have; Minimum Requirements: Requires a Baccalaureate degree in Statistics or Biostatistics (or for degrees earned outside of the United States, a degree which satisfies the requirements of 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(h)( 4)(iii)(A) Minimum of 2 years of relevant experience, or advanced degree with 0 years of experience. Nice To Have Advanced Degree in Statistics or Biostatistics About Medtronic Together, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, we push the limits of what technology, therapies and services can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be. We want to accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. Let’s work together to address universal healthcare needs and improve patients’ lives. Help us shape the future. Physical Job Requirements The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this position, but they are not an exhaustive list of all the required responsibilities and skills of this position. The physical demands described within the Day in the Life section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.