The Business Strategy & Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future- growth initiatives. The Daydream Operations team is extending out the analytics and reporting platform for executive insights and product analytics. As a member of the team, you will provide insight, perspective and direction to enable and scale Google’s next generation of AR and VR experiences. You will be working with Product, Engineering, Marketing, Business & Operations and Finance Daydream teams to analyze logs from numerous sources across Google properties such as Play & YouTube and to synthesize actionable and relevant information. Your analysis will be critical to the success of AR/VR at Google, and you will become an expert about how our products are used by the end user. You will get exposure to all of Daydream's products and work closely with world class subject-matter experts (SMEs) across the organization. The Go-to-Market Operations (GtM) team ensures Google's complex and ever- evolving Ads business runs smoothly. We are instrumental in setting go-to- market strategy, and ensuring flawless execution and operations against the strategy. We have teams embedded in each of the major Ads business areas as well as global teams that work across the business areas. Team members are analytical and strategic, with a pragmatic sense of how to get things done. Responsibilities Work in conjunctions with Product, Engineering, Marketing, Business and Operations and Finance teams to enable insights for the next generation of VR and AR products. Gather and synthesize relevant data and lead analysis efforts to drive business actions. Build a Business Intelligence Insights and Reporting Platform. Work alongside Product to understand critical user journey (CUJ) paths and use experimentation frameworks to test hypotheses for improving these CUJ's. Create and deliver analysis reports to multiple levels of stakeholders, including senior executive leadership. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience in analyzing data through statistical, quantitative modeling and forecasting. Preferred qualifications: Experience with querying large datasets and data warehouses, writing scripts for data analysis, analyzing data, creating reports, conducting forecast, and utilizing quantitative modeling. Familiarity in one or more of the following areas: coding (e.g., C/C++, Python, Java), database querying (e.g., SQL, MySQL, MapReduce, Hadoop), front-end development (e.g., HTML, JavaScript, CSS), statistical analysis (e.g., R, Stata, SPSS, SAS). Ability to synthesize information to see big picture while effectively managing detail. Ability to juggle several complex long-term projects, while also handling ad-hoc requests. Ability to collaborate effectively across business functions and advise on business intelligence and analytics opportunities. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.