About Blackhawk Network: Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc. is a global financial technology company and a leader in connecting brands and people through branded value solutions. Blackhawk platforms and solutions enable the management of stored value products, promotions and rewards programs in retail, ecommerce, financial services and mobile wallets. Blackhawk’s Hawk Commerce division offers technology solutions to businesses and direct to consumers. The Hawk Incentives division offers enterprise, SMB and reseller partners an array of platforms and branded value products to incent and reward consumers, employees and sales channels. Headquartered in Pleasanton, Calif., Blackhawk operates in 26 countries. For more information, please visit blackhawknetwork.com, cashstar.com, hawkcommerce.com, hawkincentives.com or our product websites GiftCards.com, giftcardmall.com, GiftCardLab.com and OmniCard.com. Overview: Blackhawk Network is searching for an experienced Enterprise Analytics Manager to join its Enterprise Analytics team. This person will be responsible for gathering, analyzing, & leveraging internal and external data and information to make recommendations & drive key business decisions. We’re searching for a go-getter who is proactive, an eager and quick learner, has strong technical & analytical skills, but above all has the ability to use their skills and business acumen to translate data into decisive and actionable recommendations for various business & support teams, as well as directly to strategic outside partners and clients. Ability to challenge information, processes, and to think outside the box to solve problems and to streamline the flow of information is critical. Responsibilities: Develop and drive Enterprise-level strategies to improve the dissemination of information, the development of KPIs and strategic tops to bottom insights reporting. Build and distribute automated dashboards, visualizations and data models to summarize key business insights. Develop Enterprise-level pricing and go-to-market strategies for Blackhawk’s product suite and various sellable services. Drive revenue by participating in and/or leading Enterprise-level projects. Support cross-functional projects with P&L input and/or creation, pre vs. post analysis, scenario analysis and strategic insights, leveraging knowledge of products & retail environments Constructs forecasts, recommendations and strategic/tactical plans based on business data and market knowledge. Synthesize & analyze data from multiple systems. Performs trend analysisand summarizes findings and recommendations into presentations for internal & external reviews. Present findings and recommendations at various levels of management, including C-level. Effectively communicate and collaborate with internal teams & external customers to analyze information needs and requirements for deliverables (ad hoc analysis). Responsible for maintenance of key data inputs & metrics for team use and internal systems, periodic reporting to sales teams and weekly sales performance tracking Qualifications: 5+ years of business analysis experience, preferably in the fields of Retail, Prepaid or Consulting. Experience working with C-level executives. Bachelor’s Degree required, preferably in Business or Math-related field. MBA Preferred. In-depth knowledge & extensive experience with Microsoft Office Suite required (Advanced Excel & PowerPoint in particular). Experience using BI tools (Microstrategy, Tableau, PowerBI etc.) and SQL to access data Experience building data models to generate insights and disseminating information through data visualization (reports, automated dashboards, tables) Experience working cross-functionally to drive projects and execute strategies Excellent verbal and written communication skills required Strong presentation skills with the ability to effectively engage with senior leaders and incorporate new information into discussion to support or modify recommendationsSuccessfully engage in multiple initiatives simultaneously. Proven organizational skills with attention to detail a must. High degree of initiative and keen sense of urgency Blackhawk Network is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Blackhawk Network believes that diversity leads to strength.