Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; Austin, TX, USA Google's known for our innovative technologies, products and services - and for the people behind them. As part of our world-class recruiting team, you're charged with finding the most interesting candidates who bring an entrepreneurial spirit, a sense of scrappiness and a diversity of thought to all they do. You're responsible for guiding candidates through our hiring process and connecting them to the magic of working at Google. You are creative and driven, with an interpersonal savvy that allows you to develop lasting relationships with both candidates and hiring managers. You're also comfortable with numbers and drawing insights from analytics to make our hiring process smarter and more efficient. From generating pipeline to maintaining a successful offer acceptance rate, you manage the entire candidate process. By leveraging your knowledge of our clients' hiring needs and search requirements, you effectively match candidates with the roles in which they will be most successful. The Leadership Talent Acquisition team at Google is an exciting and focused group - responsible for all hiring at the Leadership level across all parts of Google. Our work is focused solely on the most critical leadership roles that will be responsible for the future of this amazing company. You work closely with our founders and other leaders across every business function globally. We are trusted advisors to the leadership at Google, relied on for advice about the outside talent market as well as how it compares to the talented Googlers we already have in the organization. With a strong perspective on the external talent landscape and deep insights into Google’s business priorities, you will develop search strategies and lead engagements to position Google for success today and well into the future. You have the drive, motivation and passion to disrupt the talent landscape and deliver incredible client and candidate experience. Most importantly, you will have the intellectual curiosity, problem solving capability and drive to build the leadership bench at Google. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. Responsibilities Provide outstanding guidance to clients to shape their talent needs to best match the needs of Google and the talent in the market. Work with our sourcing team and other research resources to identify, engage, and evaluate, and recruit executive level candidates. Find ways to improve how we work, and not just incremental improvements but also dramatic “moon shots” that can change how we do business. Work closely with the businesses throughout the search process providing consistent communication and incredible client service. Develop a deep understanding of the candidate’s leadership style, personal background, professional history, and specific fit to the role. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of experience in the technology sector from roles in industry, executive recruiting, and/or consulting. Experience consulting and managing clients. Experience driving efforts and projects. Experience building relationships across a global business. Preferred qualifications: Strong track record of solving complex problems, designing creative strategies, and delivering significant impact as a manager and a leader. Strong domain knowledge and expertise in executive search or executive talent acquisition. Proven ability to develop teams and maximize individual and team performance while maintaining a fun working environment. Demonstrated personal accountability and integrity. Strong passion for advancing the human capital agenda of the organization. Deep interest in technology. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.