P rovides statistical support to medical and health science research projects. Depending on the project and level of expertise of the biostatistician, this may include collaboration on funding proposal development, advice on study design and data collection and management, as well as data analyses and manuscript and presentation preparation. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Under supervision, typically of a higher-level biostatistician, performs professional statistical work on a variety of problems typically restricted in difficulty and scope. Performs routine statistical computations such as multiple and partial correlation coefficients, t-tests, chi-square tests, and simple regression analyses. Performs complex computations when formulas are set up and when specific instructions are given in their use Cleans and manages raw data Recodes data combining and modifying categories and plot curves from computer output and prepare final graphs for reports. Bachelor’s degree in biostatistics or a related field required. Master’s Degree preferred. Prior experience in statistical area in an academic health institution preferred. Jefferson Health delivers state-of-the-art healthcare services to patients throughout the Delaware Valley and southern New Jersey. Jefferson (Philadelphia University + Thomas Jefferson University) provides more than 7,800 students from nearly 40 states and 40 countries with 21 st century professional education. We have 30,000 employees. Jefferson Health , with 14 hospitals (three are Magnet-designated by the ANCC for nursing excellence) and 50+ outpatient and urgent care locations, offers a broad range of primary and complex, highly specialized care that touches the lives of more than four million patients annually . This year, U.S. News & World Report has ranked Thomas Jefferson University Hospital as the 16 th best hospital in the nation, and among the nation’s best in 11 specialties. Jefferson Health also includes the NCI-designated Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center; it is one of only 69 such centers in the nation. Thomas Jefferson University, nationally recognized for advancing groundbreaking developments in healthcare education and research, recently combined with Philadelphia University, internationally known for architecture, design, engineering, textiles and more. Jefferson (Philadelphia University + Thomas Jefferson University) has nine colleges and three schools dedicated to interprofessional and transdisciplinary approaches to learning that offer a vibrant and expandable platform for professional education. Through this unique model, we are preparing our students for current and yet-to-be-imagined careers. As an employer, the Jefferson Enterprise maintains a commitment to provide equal access to employment. Jefferson values diversity and encourages applications from women, members of minority groups, LGBTQ individuals, disabled individuals, and veterans. VISIT Jefferson Health VISIT Jefferson (Philadelphia University + Thomas Jefferson University