Sysco Associate Apply - Click Here Company: Sysco Seattle Location: US-WA-Kent Zip Code: 98032 Minimum Level of Education: High School or Equivalent Minimum Years of Experience: 3 Position Type: Exempt Travel Percentage: Up to 50% More information about this job: OVERVIEW: At Sysco, we offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We are looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why good things really do come from Sysco. SUMMARY OF JOB PURPOSE: The Learning and Development Manager’s position is responsible for the coordination and facilitation of current and future OpCo training, development programs, and initiatives. This position will report directly to the Director of Business Resources and work closely in strategic alignment with dotted line responsibility to the Market Training Director/Lead. This alignment will enhance the communication and improve the execution of center led training targeted to optimize our performance results. The local job focus (60%) of this position is to be closely connected to local OpCo leadership and demonstrate the ability to clearly identify and articulate the training needs of the local OpCo; and how those needs connect to successful business outcomes. To leverage the Market’s local training team’s talent lead by the Market Training Director to develop bi-annual training action plans to address training gaps at the local OpCo and influence action plan outcomes. The market job focus (40%) of this position is to be a high contributor to the facilitation of market-based training programs including but not limited to new MA onboarding, existing MA training and sales leadership training. To leverage center led sales training curriculum for new and existing marketing associates and sales leadership development training while providing insight and feedback to enhance training collateral material so they remain relevant and actionable for the field. Local Support of these programs will be paramount. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: This individual contributes to the development, engagement, deployment, execution and support of local OpCo and market training objectives. This will include, but not be limited to: Develop partnerships with local OpCo leadership, draw insight from inclusion with management, and translate that insight into training action plans with measurable outcomes biannually. Work in tandem with your Market’s Training team and Market Lead to coordinate the participation of new sales hires into the market-based sales onboarding program, participate as a facilitator in the market’s training onboarding POD programs and development workshops 3 to 4 times a year. Remain engaged with trainee’s progress as they advance from training into territory; work with the Field Support Team delegate and District Managers to communicate on acceptable progress though trainees first year of tenure. Act as a trusted resource to the districts for continued skill development. Own the responsibility for coordinating, marketing, and facilitating local ongoing sales and sales management development training and coaching throughout fiscal year. Develop individual results through planning, communicating, facilitating and following up on all scheduled training. Foster open dialog with OpCo sales leaders and district sales managers regarding training challenges or individual associate skill development. Provide training resources and solutions without enabling outcomes; hold associates accountable for their own learning. Demonstrate willingness and ability to have candid conversations with managers and associates to raise their awareness of development opportunities and help them to connect with resources or field experiences to sharpen their skills. Maintain a high level of discretion and confidentiality in dealing with personnel matters. Work closely with the market training team and local training peers from your market to identify and raise awareness of training gaps and participate in targeted training curriculum development to address and proactively provide solutions to these gaps. Play an instrumental role in the implementation of center-led sales initiatives and programs during market roll out waves. Stay current with all technology field facing programs and customer solutions to provide the support to sustain the adoption at your local OpCo. Demonstrate change leadership in your role in an effort to align understanding, communicate the why, and provide the overall big picture to support our company initiatives; demonstrate how behavior changes will support sustained improvement in company results, job performance, and satisfaction. Drive accountability of training programs with participants, OpCo leadership, subject matter experts to ensure a high level of execution and a degree of ongoing management and support of all programs and initiatives. Observe training sessions for new presenters and monitor survey results to ensure training objectives are being met and subject matter experts are well aligned. Measure ROI on training programs in alignment with metrics outlined at the market level. Challenge your own personal development of facilitation skills by enhancing your knowledge of products, materials, programs and testing new and updated ways to facilitate the delivery of your content to meet the needs of the learners. Identify areas for improvement and seek self-development opportunities and continuous feedback from OpCo sales VP, market training lead and peer local trainers. Maintain a high level of team-based communication and support with peer positions in other markets to support concurrent curriculum and ensure consistency of the programming is being upheld. Collaborate in the design, creation and execution of face to face course content, distance learning and development workshop training materials as directed. PERSONAL CHARACTERISTICS: Deep understanding of the foodservice industry; intimate knowledge of the MA and DSM job functions, company proprietary computer programs, policies, procedures, and Sysco’s business metrics. Strong program management, strategic thinking, creative thinking, and problem-solving characteristics. Thinks and acts proactively and directs resources and stakeholders accordingly. Capacity to multi-task and prioritize concurrent projects and programs autonomously to meet established deadlines. Exhibit your working knowledge of all learning platforms, product knowledge and training materials to support programs and program participants. Exceptional communication skills and the ability to communicate appropriately at all levels of the organization; this includes written and verbal communications. Exhibit professional facilitation of training content, and/or meeting execution. Demonstrate credibility in your position and represent training in a professional manner within your OPCO and with your market leadership. Demonstrate capability in multi-tasking past, current, and future job assignments. Manage current training initiatives while maintaining a strong presence in the classroom and in the virtual online training portals and chatter and reflection groups in Sysco 360 to support OpCo’s sales talent. REQUIRED MINIMUM EDUCATION: 4 year bachelor’s degree preferred. REQUIRED MINIMUM EXPERIENCE: 3+ years of experience in sales or training role; equivalent experience. 3+ years of experience working in a project, results-driven or field engagement type role is strongly preferred. PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, walk and use hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and telephone to talk and hear. The employee is frequently required to sit and reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds. WORK ENVIRONMENT A minimum of 15 - 25% travel may be required in this role. Dual Role Responsibility = 60% Local OpCo Function 40% Market Sales Development activities include but are not limited to: Market-based MA Onboarding, Ongoing sales and technology skill development, and Sales Leadership Development Training. The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this job. NOTICE: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature of the environment and level of work being performed by this job. This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only tasks to be performed by the employee in this job. He or she will be required to follow any other instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by his or her supervisor. Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States. Sysco is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law. This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates. Employment Type: Full Time