Test Analyst, BIS Why Work For Credit Acceptance? Credit Acceptance is rapidly-expanding our IT department with a variety of dynamic opportunities. Our culture has landed us on Computerworld’s list of the Best Places to Work in IT. In each of the last 4 years, we have held a spot in the top 2 for midsized companies nationwide. In addition, we are also proud to say over the last 5 years we have been named one of Fortune Magazine’s 100 Best Companies to Work For. Our team members and culture create a positive workplace that drives us to succeed, making Credit Acceptance one of the largest used car finance companies nationally. We offer a great work environment, awesome team members, competitive benefits, progressive career opportunities, a casual dress code and we work hard to ensure every team member is empowered to work to their fullest potential. Credit Acceptance offers team members: The opportunity to work with progressive tools, and technology including the latest database, development, storage, and computer technologies available Extensive growth opportunities as demonstrated by our track record of promoting internally An atmosphere that is collaborative, challenging, and filled with forward thinking team members Ongoing business training and career development opportunities Strong work-life balance with generous PTO beginning on day 1 Competitive market-based salary with quarterly profit sharing and annual merit bonuses Excellent benefits package that includes 401(K) match, adoption assistance, tuition reimbursement, comprehensive medical/dental/vision along with additional benefits that make us a great place to work We are hiring a Test Analyst within our IT team . Responsibilities in your area will include: Scope and plan testing needs to satisfy business requirements Responsive to emerging issues Understand customers’ needs and show insight that caters to evolving business needs Identify risks and recommend process improvements Recognize upstream and downstream impacts; communicate effectively (verbally & in writing Learn the Business Process Your Application Supports so your testing will better support the business Improve your department’s product and processes Decrease incidents and increase uptime of the department’s products. All other duties as assigned Attendance as required by department Work onsite at the required Credit Acceptance work location Who Are We Looking for? Our ideal candidate for this role needs to: Provide feedback to Business Analysts on artifacts created during the Analysis phase of projects Validate data from the data sources through each step of the extract and transformation process including final load in the Enterprise Data Warehouse Develop, maintain, and execute test plans, test scenarios, and test scripts to validate the proper implementation of user requirements in Enterprise Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence solutions. Coordinate and participate in reviews of test cases and scripts with stakeholders as required Write SQL scripts to extract data from various databases and systems and compare against data warehouse Ensure the accuracy of data and reports, in terms of content and design by researching and identifying sources of errors Maintain documentation of test results to assist in debugging and modification of software. Identify and document defects and participate in the prioritization of defects Work to improve QA processes and procedures Gather and report QA performance metrics that identify QA activities efficacy and QA process appropriateness Position Qualifications: _Required Qualifications:_ Bachelor’s degree or higher, preferably in a quantitative discipline (e.g. statistics, mathematics, economics, finance, physics, etc.) or equivalent experience 2+ years of experience in Software Quality Assurance Solid understanding of principles, practices, and procedures of Software Quality Assurance Ability to write intermediate level SQL to help analyze data Familiarity with data warehousing methodology, data modeling, ETL, databases, and business intelligence Analytical and problem solving skills. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast moving environment. Excellent listening, interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills. _Preferred Qualifications:_ Experience with ETL tools such as Informatica, ODI, SAP Data Services, SAP BW/HANA, Datastage (ODI strongly preferred) Experience with using test automation tools in a Data Warehouse environment Experience using Jira and Confluence Experience working in an Agile environment Financial Services Industry experience Company Core Values: To be successful in this role, Team Members need to demonstrate the characteristics of PRIDE in their work: Positive : Maintain a positive attitude by focusing on solutions and promoting a collaborative and enjoyable environment. Respectful : Value teamwork, share successes, appreciates others and communicates in a way that promotes trust. Insightful : Make timely well-considered decisions, create innovative solutions and continuously learn. Direct : Communicate clearly and objectively; don’t be afraid of difficult conversations. Raise concerns through the proper channels. Earnest : Be honest, sincere and consistent. Work hard and pursue our goals together relentlessly. Required degrees must have been earned at institutions of Higher Education which are accredited by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation or equivalent. Credit Acceptance is an equal opportunity employer.