NGINX helps the world’s most innovative companies deliver their sites and applications with performance, reliability, security, and scale. More than 300 million sites — including half of the Internet’s busiest websites — rely on NGINX. Companies like Airbnb, Box, Instagram, Netflix, Pinterest, SoundCloud, and Zappos use NGINX for advanced load balancing, web and mobile acceleration, security controls, application monitoring, and management. NGINX Software, Inc. is searching for an ISV Alliance Manager to join our growing business development team, and work remotely from Seattle, WA. This position reports to the Head of Business Development. If you have strong experience identifying and developing business opportunities within new and existing partners, this is your opportunity to take ownership of a key role that will be critical to NGINX’s continued growth. Our culture is built upon our core values: progress, excellence, openness, and curiosity. We’re a small, growing company with a startup culture and products that are chosen for high performance and efficiency by innovators around the world. If you want to make a difference, take your career to the next level, and work in a highly energetic environment, please send us your resume – we’d love to talk. Responsibilities: Identify and create new business opportunities with strategic partners focused on technical collaboration, revenue, and strategic market impact Articulate strategic value and build strong relationships with partners to raise awareness and support for NGINX and its products. Define and execute strategy and business plans for select market segments, including recruiting and developing partners in support of the strategy and plans Interface with internal groups, such as engineering, sales, and marketing to advocate and help resolve partner issues and drive product features and development Qualifications: 7-plus years of experience as a partner manager, business development manager, or technical account manager Ability to speak to both developers/IT operations and sales/management Broad industry experience and knowledge Knowledge of application servers and frameworks Knowledge of hosting, service providers, and cloud technology Strong written, oral, and presentation skills Strong organizational and analytical skills Self-starter with a sense of urgency for closing deals and increasing revenue Strong business savvy and negotiation skills NGINX Software, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Our culture is built on values of progress, excellence, openness, and curiosity. These values are very important to our company and its continued success. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other category protected by law. By fostering a diverse business environment, we welcome the opportunity to grow and learn from each other, our customers, investors, suppliers, and business partners. NGINX is not open to third-party solicitation or resumes for our posted positions. Any resume submitted to an NGINX employee by a recruiting firm that does not have a valid, written search agreement with us will be considered a referral, regardless of whether it is submitted for a posted position or for general consideration, and no matter how it is submitted (via email, the Internet, or other means). No fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by NGINX as a result of the referral or through other means.