At Hallmark Business Connections, we’re a small, innovative, tight-knit team and we strive to cultivate a culture where excellence is recognized and celebrated, health and wellness are a priority, and fun comes with the territory. You may be just the right person to help us make the business world a better place. And there’s only one way to find out- apply now! 22538 The Database Administrator, Operations is an experienced and talented individual responsible for the performance, integrity and security of Hallmark Business Connections MS-SQL, Oracle, and MongoDB database systems supporting both business systems and SaaS platforms. Responsibilities include: Manage/Administer and support all MS-SQL Server, Oracle, and MongoDB databases in development, testing, pre-production, and production environments Implement and/or administer database-related strategies and processes involving: Access Methods/System Integration Device Allocation/Backups Security/Access Controls Information Classification/Information Lifecycle Management High Availability/Business Continuity Planning/Disaster Recovery Capacity Planning/Performance Management Configuration Management/Change Management Collaborate in the design and implementation of database systems and programs, such as segregated repositories for transactional vs. reporting data Establish and promote best practices relating to database utilization and management Troubleshoot and resolve technical problems related to databases Mentor and cross-train other team members in pertinent areas of database administration APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: To be considered an applicant for this position you must show how you meet the basic qualifications of the job in a resume or document you upload, or by completing the work experience and education application fields. Accepted file types are Microsoft Word (DOC or DOCX), PDF, HTML, or TXT. Individual file size attachment limit is 10 MB. In compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, Hallmark Cards, Inc. and its subsidiary companies will hire only individuals lawfully authorized to work in the United States. Hallmark does not generally provide sponsorship for employment. Employment by Hallmark is contingent upon the signing of the Employment Agreement, signing of an agreement to arbitrate in connection with the Hallmark Dispute Resolution Program, completing Form I-9 Employment Eligibility Verification, passing the urinalysis drug screen, education verification and satisfactory reference and background checks. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS Bachelors degree Minimum 8 years of MS-SQL Server and or Oracle DBA experience Minimum 8 years experience with Red Hat Enterprise or other Linux Operating systems Minimum 3 years experience in implementing operational automation Minimum 3 years experience with SQL Reporting Services and or SQL Integration Services PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Knowledge of enterprise data architecture principles and data modeling Knowledge of database trends and administration methods Hallmark Business Connections is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, pregnancy, national origin, physical or mental disability, genetics, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, or any other legally-protected status. Principals only please.