Operations Center Engineer - Mid Shift The Operations Center Engineer will be responsible for the delivery of all the WEX Health Business Services that are delivered by the system. Working in IT - Operations, this position will provide monitoring and support for all Business Services. After the initial training, this position will work 3:00 p.m. – 12:00 a.m. Monday through Friday, and rotating weekends. This position will review systems to collect information about problems and perform analysis to determine the source of failure. This individual must be able to log and track alerts and issues using incident management tools, maintain historical records and related problem documentation, and collaborate with other Operations Center Engineers to ensure that Business Service incidents are resolved or routed to the appropriate team for resolution. Daily activities will be driven primarily by monitoring alerts generated by the system as well as any escalated tickets. Responsibilities include Pro-actively act on events reported by various monitoring tools. Pro-actively act on events reported by fraud monitoring tools. Perform initial troubleshooting, debugging and escalate internally and externally as required. Generate, review and track tickets. Develop Corrective Action documents and Trouble Shooting Guides for Business Services and the supporting configuration items (CI’s). Provide training to new engineers as required. Provide ongoing communication to both Technical Services teams and IT - Operations teams during times of outage or service impact. Perform other related duties as assigned. Ensure communication to IT Operations Manager regarding incidents that impact the Partner. Qualifications Solid problem solving abilities. Self-starter capable of working independently or in groups. Possess a positive attitude with strong work ethic, integrity and honesty. Knowledge of desktop or server hardware. Knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server Database. Knowledge of Microsoft Office Applications. Exceptional interpersonal and customer service skills with the ability to ascertain information and maintain dialogue with multiple teams as to the status of a particular issue. Ability to effectively and calmly operate within a complex and changing environment. Well organized and has the ability to properly manage individual workload. Should possess a strong work ethic and a desire for a variety of challenges. Desired Additional Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology, MIS, Computer Science, Business Administration or related field. Experience in creating technical documentation and sharing knowledge with others through training delivery and mentoring. Equal Opportunity Employer/Vets/Disability Primary Location : U.S.-MN-Minneapolis Schedule : Full-time Job : WEX Health