Job Summary: We are now looking for a Solution Architect, who will be responsible for analyzing, designing, and developing commercially viable end-to-end technical solutions for the customers. In this role, you will also be accountable for providing profitable business for Ericsson by translating customer needs, and technology opportunities into detailed technical offering, solutions, and proposals. Responsibilities: Scope, define and design solution offerings; driving end-to-end technical solutions Analyze customer technology, define business requirements, and participate in risk analysis Work with core team on list of potential activities and solutions Develop technical presentations and proposals, and perform customer presentations Support deployment of solution Provide feedback to R &D; Participate in knowledge transfer, documentation, and information sharing; Develop others Stay abreast of on new technology/technical areas and share information about solution to enable customer competence build Drive and support innovations and automation initiatives Provide profitable business for Ericsson by translating customer needs and technology opportunities into detailed technical offerings, solutions, and proposals Key Qualifications: MS in Telecommunications, Electrical Engineering, ... or equivalent AT LEAST 15 YEARS of relevant experience in Network Design and Optimization (NDO) and E2E. E2E and RAN NDO background Experience from technical job roles is required, e.g. experience from work technical and consultative senior roles A Solution Architect candidate is assessed according to the following tracks: Domain, E2E, Network Optimization/Network Design. GIAP certified. Availability to travel worldwide Additional Requirements: Proven track of successful international engagements Team player but also demonstrated ability to be self-motivated, initiative and ability to work under pressure and learn independently. This is a global position: availability to travel worldwide Experience in 5G, LTE plugins, E2E, and IoT would be a plus. Senior consultative approach toward the customer Very good knowledge of Ericsson equipment, radio network features, algorithms, and parameters Senior experience in daily KPI analysis and proposal of corrective actions Senior experience in writing recommendations, providing analysis, carrying out special studies on radio interface and E2E Able to produce documented engineering methods / procedures and present workshops Very good understanding of radio interface standards Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong customer focus and high concern for quality is required Innovation and proactive attitude Good presentation, time management and leadership skills & ability to work with diverse backgrounds Result oriented with focus on customer satisfaction and project delivery Why is Ericsson a great place to work? Ericsson is the driving force behind the Networked Society where every person and every industry is empowered to reach their full potential. Mobility, broadband and the cloud are transforming the world, enabling industries and society to provide better services, capture new opportunities, improve businesses, increase efficiency, and create new user experiences. Our services, software and infrastructure support every major telecom operator in the world. The transformation that this brings allows people, business and society to fulfill their potential and build a more sustainable future. With about 101,000 employees and customers in 180 countries, we combine global scale with technology and services leadership. We support networks that connect more than 2.5 billion subscribers. 40 percent of the world’s mobile traffic is carried over Ericsson networks. And our SEK 100 billion investment in research and development over the last three years ensure that our solutions – and our customers – are at the forefront of innovation. At Ericsson, we give our employees the freedom to think big. Your ideas and innovations can turn into achievements that impact society and change the world. Are you ready to be a change-maker? Learn what makes YOU + Ericsson a powerful combination. Join us today. Founded in 1876, Ericsson has its headquarters in Stockholm, Sweden. Net sales in 2014 were SEK 228.0 billion (USD 33.1 billion). Ericsson is listed on NASDAQ OMX stock exchange in Stockholm and the NASDAQ in New York. DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position. Therefore employees assigned may be required to perform additional job tasks required by the manager. We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/Disabled/Veterans. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing. Ericsson provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetics information. Ericsson complies with applicable country, state and all local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location across the world in which the company has facilities. In addition, Ericsson supports the UN Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights and the United Nations Global Compact. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, training and development. Ericsson expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetic information. Ericsson will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by Ericsson or (c) consistent with Ericsson’s legal duty to furnish information. Employee Polygraph Protection Act Notice - Employers are generally prohibited from requiring or requesting any employee or job applicant to take a lie detector test, and from discharging, disciplining, or discriminating against an employee or prospective employee for refusing to take a test or for exercising other rights under the Act. For more information, visit https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf. Ericsson is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified disabled individuals during the application and hiring process. Ericsson will make modifications or adjustments to the job application or interview process that will enable a qualified applicant to be considered for a position. If you require an accommodation due to a disability, please contact Ericsson at hr.direct.dallas@ericsson.com or (866) 374-2272 (US) or (877) 338-9966 (Canada) for further assistance. Primary country and city: United States (US) || || Plano || IT