The Phia Group is comprised of The Phia Group, LLC and Phia Group Consulting, LLC (“PGC”), and is a service-oriented organization assisting employee health plans nationwide. We provide our clients with innovative cost-cutting solutions and constantly expanding service offerings. We continue to enjoy growth thanks to our most valuable resource – our talented and committed team. The System Administrator is responsible for providing a full range of IT support and technology services to internal and external customers. Services include administration, maintenance and implementation of enterprise infrastructure including server upgrades, maintenance and support, network analysis and troubleshooting, helpdesk support, workstation troubleshooting and support, and provisioning. Includes interaction and analysis of technology related issues, prioritization and resolution for support activities. The candidate should thrive in a fast pace environment, have a strong desire to grow their skills and career and take pride in owning, diagnosing and resolving issues as they come up. We are looking for a self-starter who has a strong attention to details and good ability communicate. If you’re looking to grow your skills and get to the next level, this is the position for you. This position will grow into a Sr. System Administrator position. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following: First point of contact for troubleshooting of IT problems and resolving if possible Logging all IT problems via ITSM ticketing system (KACE), maintaining use of ITSM and expanding its use within the company Analyzing system logs and identifies potential issues with work stations (Windows 10) and servers. Overseeing computer security and anti-virus updates etc. Applying operating system updates, patches, and configuration changes. Answering technical queries and assisting end users. Develop, maintain, and monitor all server backups and iron mountain distributions. Assisting with user computer and phone moves (MACD) Adding, removing, or updating user account information, resetting passwords, etc. User administration and provisioning (setup and maintaining account). Monitor and maintain photocopiers and printers. Assist in the organization and inventory of all hardware and software resources. Assists in the migration of application and services to new hardware. Perform on-site and remote technical & network support. Ensuring that the network infrastructure is up and running. Maintain FTP accounts/file transfers and assist clients with access issues. Design and run all end of month reports for clients. Maintains excellent communication with the IT Manager on all tasks and projects. Performs other duties as assigned. Experience and Qualifications Must have a high technical aptitude and strong desire to learn. Excellent communication skills and customer service skills Good Team player with the ability to work well with others Should have the ability to provide technical guidance to Helpdesk Technicians Strong desktop support expertise is a must. Must have strong experience supporting, maintaining and upgrading Windows in a corporate environment. Knowledge and experience using KACE or an ITSM (IT Service Management Software). Must have the ability to manage file permissions on a windows server and with group policies Must have ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Must have in basic knowledge of Microsoft Server 2016 and 2012, Microsoft Exchange Server 2010 and Office 365, and Microsoft SQL Server 2016 and 2013. Have basic working knowledge of DNS, DHCP, and GPO's Experience in VMWare vSphere and iSCSI or Nutanix Acropolis Must have experience building a server from scratch, including hardware installation and OS installation Must have a basic understanding of networking troubleshooting Knowledge of backups in an enterprise environment, we use Backup Exec Must have a good understanding of Active Directory and Windows Server knowledge Knowledge of working with Microsoft PowerShell would be a plus Bachelor’s degree or Associates degree in computer science or related field preferred. Some practical relevant work experience of 4 to 5 years would be preferred, but not required. Ability to read, write and speak the English Language. Location: Braintree, MA Schedule: Monday-Friday 9:00am-5:30pm