Job ID: 148394 Store Name/Number: CA-Powell (0058) Address: 33 Powell Street, San Francisco, CA 94102, United States (US) Hourly/Salaried: Hourly (Non-Exempt) Full Time/Part Time: Part Time Position Type: Regular Sephora Stores It’s all about our clients. That’s where you come in, to guide her on her beauty journey. It takes energy and confidence and teamwork. It takes authentic passion…not just about product, but about making a client’s day through teaching, inspiring, and playing—together. It takes skill, which Sephora goes above and beyond to instill in our associates through unparalleled training. You bring the passion, we’ll teach you everything you need to know. Your role at Sephora: As a Color Consultant, you are an expert in all things skin! You will greet and provide friendly, knowledgeable service to every client who enters the skincare zone of the store. In addition, you will: Listen to clients to determine their skincare needs and suggest products that meet those needs based on your expertise, Sephora product training, and available in-store technology Celebrate beauty with our clients and share product knowledge as appropriate Participate in operations activities such as: inventory control, loss prevention programs to reduce shortage, compliance with sampling policies and procedures, and maintaining store cleanliness standards Assist in other areas of the store if requested/necessary, such as the cashwrap and the beauty studio Ensure continued product training plans are met so you remain an expert in beauty trends, application, and special events within the store Provide client touch-ups, skin consultations, and makeovers as required Demonstrate our Sephora values of Passion for Client Service, Innovation, Expertise, Work-Life Balance, Respect for All, Teamwork, & Initiative We think you’d be a great for this role if you have: 1-3 years’ experience in the retail or service industry Flexible availability to work during “peak” retail hours such as nights, weekends, and holidays (required) Positive, friendly attitude with excellent client service and communication skills A passion for skincare products and sharing your expertise with others You’ll love working here because: The people. You will be surrounded by some of the most talented, supportive, smart, and kind leaders and teams – people you can be proud to work with The product. Employees enjoy a product discount and receive free product, often multiple times a month. (Think your friends and family love you now? Just wait until you work at Sephora!) The education. Sephora heavily invests in training for our store associates – not just product knowledge but building a personalized career plan with you so you can achieve your professional goals The perks. Sephora offers medical benefits, competitive 401k, gift matching, and a 'perks' program that includes various discounts at participating companies (hotels, rental cars, telecommunication, gyms, etc) The LVMH family. Sephora’s parent company, LVMH, is one of the largest luxury groups in the world, providing support to over 70 prestige brands such as Louis Vuitton, Celine, Moet Chandon, Marc Jacobs, Dior, and so many more Our legal team wants you to know what’s required: Ability to lift and carry up to 50 pounds and bend/stretch to stock shelves Handle and apply cosmetics products to clients, including fragrance Adherence to Sephora’s dress code and other policies in the Sephora Employee Handbook Nearest Major Market: San Francisco Nearest Secondary Market: Oakland Job Segment: Telecom, Telecommunications, Technology