The Role This is an opportunity to join a small, growing team and make a substantial impact at Bowery [http://boweryfarming.com/]. We’re looking for someone that can learn, adapt and roll with a fast-paced, ever-changing environment and who isn’t afraid of uncertainty. Data analysis at Bowery means building data pipelines, crafting data visualizations, and helping a wide range of teams interpret reams of data generated by “the Techiest Farm in the World.” The data function at Bowery is central to the vision of the company as well as its day to day operation. You’ll be part the Data & AI team which is responsible for everything from collecting data, to reporting facts, to building machine learning and computer vision models, to robotics automation. What you’ll do at Bowery Develop SQL to transform the raw data produced by the farm into a comprehensive data warehouse as the authoritative source for all facts about the business. Build automated reporting which effectively draws attention to important information and helps decision makers understand our priorities. Partner with other functional areas to develop metrics, understand analytical needs, and interpret results about our crops and our business. Collaborate on the design and creation of data tools used by our farm operators, agricultural scientists, and sales team. Contribute to Bowery’s data-driven culture, and influence best practices. Who you are You have a BA or BS in a quantitative discipline and 2-5 years experience answering data questions in a fast-paced technical business environment. You are fluent in SQL, have opinions about a well-designed database, and know how to deal with data too big to analyze in-memory. You are comfortable working in a highly technical team: contributing through version control, peer-reviewing code, and managing processes in production. You are comfortable being the technical resource for non-technical teams: translating business needs to technical requirements, communicating quantitative observations to make the teams around us more effective and well-informed. You’ve got a natural attention to detail and drive for order that yields accuracy and reliability in the data you work with. You can own the critical trust-based relationship with our internal stakeholders. You have experience in and a passion for visualizing data to tell clear stories and support decision making. You have some familiarity with data science languages like R or python, and enjoy learning more. You’re confident taking ownership of projects from start to finish and enjoy the process of turning nebulous ideas into reality. You believe that teams succeed and fail together and take responsibility for ensuring the success and safety of your teammates. To be considered for the role, Please include a response to the following question in your cover letter: Imagine a table named crop_masses in an Amazon Redshift database. It has four columns: crop_id [int] crop_type_id [int] harvested_on [timestamp] harvested_mass_grams [double] Write a SQL query which summarizes the typical harvested_mass per crop in pounds by crop_type_id over time. About Bowery Bowery is growing food for a better future by revolutionizing agriculture. Our modern farming company combines the benefits of the best local farms with advances made possible by technology to grow post-organic produce you can feel good about eating. BoweryOS, our proprietary software system, uses vision systems, automation technology, and machine learning to monitor plants and all the variables that drive their growth 24/7. Because we control the entire process from seed to store, Bowery farms use zero pesticides, 95% less water, and are 100+ times more productive on the same footprint of land than traditional agriculture. Bowery produce is currently available at select Whole Foods and Foragers stores in the Tristate area, and featured on the menus of Tom Colicchio’s New York restaurants Craft and Temple Court. Based in New York City, the company has raised $27.5M from leading investors including General Catalyst, GGV Capital, GV (formerly Google Ventures) and First Round Capital. We are an equal opportunity employer. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.