Under the direction of IT Management, this position will responsible for efficient and reliable operations of LAHSA's primary SQL databases through both a database administrative role and a T-SQL development role. The primary responsibility will consist of database maintenance, security administration, ETL development, and other related tasks. In addition to the core responsibility of database administration, the position will support application development and on-going maintenance by serving as a technical database expert and supporting T-SQL development efforts. In order to support the business, this position requires a strong conceptual understanding of proper database maintenance activities as well as have the ability to support complex query development. The Database DBA/Developer must take the initiative in implementing best practices in database administration and must also be able to architect a stable database to support business needs. Additionally, the Database DBA/Developer will support web application development through the development and testing of database components. Lastly, other functions and activities as requested by IT Management. Essential Job Functions Responsible for creation and ongoing maintenance of functional and relational Database Diagrams for all Network Services SQL Databases. Keep diagrams/documentation current and establish effective vehicles to publish the documentation to IT Staff and others for use in report development and IT Projects. Ability to write and troubleshoot complex Stored Procedures, T-SQL queries and scripts, and document processes and procedures. Experience implementing operational automation. Assist in the implementation of system modifications and expansions, new systems releases. Maintain a professional cognizance of techniques and tools that may use in the improvement of quality of service. Periodic review of all database Maintenance, Backup, and Optimization plans. Recommend improvements to support use of database best practices, more efficient processing, improved system uptime, and to support the growth of the business. Periodic review of all current SQL servers from a security (Windows and SQL) standpoint. Review industry best practices and make periodic recommendations for Database security and Windows server related security improvements. Ability to export and import data from/to various formats like delimited raw/text file, MS-Excel, XML, SQL Server, MS-Access, etc. Ability to transfer data between various servers and/or data sources. Ability to restore databases and individual tables upon request. Provide leadership, architectural recommendations and implementation plans for potential long-term database scalability, performance improvements, and support for a hybrid infrastructure. Perform troubleshooting, resolution and root cause analysis for database and application specific incidents. Able to design and architect an ETL solution, including Data analysis, Dimensional Modeling and ETL / ELT Design using visual studio and SQL Server Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Strong overall knowledge of SQL Server 2008, 2010, 2012 Working knowledge of SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Profiler, SQL Server Agent, Database Engine Tuning Advisor, BCP and Bulk Load Experience in data migrations, data manipulation, and reporting for end user consumption Experience in full development life cycle process, portal technologies, FTP preferred Excellent written and verbal skills, "can do" attitude, dedicated troubleshooting efforts, ability to work independently and manage multiple projects. Experience with virtualization software such as VMWare vSphere Understanding of Windows Server (2012/R2) configuration and management, specifically as it relates to MS SQL Server installations Experience designing and developing ETL solutions in visual studio Experiencing working within a cloud based environment Training & Experience BA/BS Degree is strongly preferred; however, an equivalent combination of applicable training and experience may be substituted for education requirement. Four (4) years working experience with SQL server, including responsibilities as a SQL database developer and as a SQL DBA Salary Range Minimum $66,310 – Midpoint $81,230 - Maximum $96,150 Appointments are typically made between the minimum and the midpoint of the range, depending on qualifications.