Provides in-house and/or on-site customer support in the areas of CAD trim patterning, engineering, and customer support issues with the design of a soft trim cover for seat or door projects. II. Essential Job Functions: Develop, engineer, and pattern tune soft trim components that meet the cost and quality targets of the internal and external customers Define product material utilization, sew process for time study calculations to cost Ensure the customer’s expectations are met or exceeded with a quality score that meets or exceeds the customer appearance target and contour requirements Ensure robust designs that improve our manufacturing quality in our manufacturing facilities for trim cover and seat assembly Maintain paper pattern tuning open issues with the Project Engineers assigned to the program Execute initial pattern data release and subsequent changes Support analysis of dimensional data and corrective action for product concerns Support resolution of manufacturing issues with trim cover or seat assembly Participate in design reviews and program meetings Provide launch support, including onsite at customer manufacturing locations Initiate, support, and participate in VA/VE initiatives to improve profitability Utilize warranty return data to reflect on design improvements for future models Support various team disciplines (DFMEA, PFMEA, DVP&R, BOM, APQP, DFA, DFM, DFE, craftsmanship, tooling, timing, sales, etc.) Review and support updates to trim cover drawings ensuring correct bill of materials for the trim cover components with good data storage and release process to ensure good revision level tracking and cost control Minimum Qualifications/Requirements : Education: Bachelor of Applied Science in Apparel Design or technical field, or equivalent combination of education and patternmaking experience. Experience: Entry to four (4) years of relevant experience Experience in Toyota systems and terminology is a plus Personal/Technical Skills: Pattern making and sewing skills Strong multitasking and organization skills Ability to communicate and work well with all levels of the organization Ability to compile effective and concise visual reports Ability to work in a team environment Effective time management skills Ability to perform responsibilities with minimal supervision Language Skills: Strong verbal and written communication skills in English are required. Spanish and Japanese are beneficial but not required. Computer/Software: Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, Project, and PowerPoint Proficient in 2-D pattern design software Accumark Gerber or Lectra for pattern design and nesting activities Work Environment/Conditions : Open Office Environment, moderate noise level. N/A Must be willing to travel up to 25%. Physical Demands: While performing the duties of this job, the team member is required to talk, see, and hear.The team member must be capable of walking, sitting, and standing for extended periods of time and is occasionally required to lift up to 30 pounds. Disclaimer: This job description is intended to identify the general nature and level of work performed by team members within this classification, as well as certain essential job functions. It is not intended, and should not be interpreted, as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of team members assigned to this job. To qualify for this job, however, a team member must be able to perform its essential functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Under no circumstances may this job description be construed as altering the at-will nature of the employment relationship between TBA and any team member. EOE