Job Title: Shipping Clerk ? _Note:_ _Multiple levels may be attained based on demonstrated skills, knowledge, contribution and leadership_ ? Department: Warehouse ? Origination date: March 24, 2003 ? Revision Date : June 2010? Purpose /Nature of Position? The primary responsibility of this position is the effective and efficient management of the packing and shipping operations in a way that insures accurate, on-time deliveries to our customers.? Key responsibilities and authorities? Responsible for Packing Department operations and equipment? Interface with Customer Service for shipping schedule? Responsible for inventory control/management of inventory/finished goods? Ensure that shipment documentation and data entry into reporting system is accurately completed and routed to Customer Service, and other functions and/or data entered into reporting system as required? Work in conjunction with Plant Manager, Scheduler and Shift Operations Leaders to insure accurate and timely entry of all finished goods, rewinds, and off- cuts? Responsible for insuring safety, housekeeping, and organization of all material handling employees, operations, and work areas, including interior and exterior conditions? Work to efficiently reuse pallets and endplates ? Responsible for effective management of outbound shipments? Establish and maintain accurate, up-to-date standard operating procedures? Ensure that employees are trained thoroughly in required duties (e.g., safety, operating procedures, policies, etc.)? Core Capabilities? HS diploma or GED required? A.S. Degree in Materials Management preferred? 3-5 years in Warehousing management and/or Trucking Industry? Fluency in Microsoft Office or similar applications? Organization and Planning skills? 2-4 years experience in forklift operation? Strong communication skills? Demonstrated leadership skills? 1-3 years experience in Shipping or Receiving function in manufacturing environment? ? Primary Working Relationships? Reports to Logistics Manager? Interfaces with Customer Service, Operations, Warehousing, Production Planning, Accounts Payable/Receivable, and Maintenance? Interfaces with personnel at other Transcendia sites as needed, including leased/contract facilities? Interfaces with carriers, brokers, customs, and contract services ? Composed by Robbie White/RMFG/TWRAP on 04/19/2012 at 08:07 AM? Comment: ? ? ? ? ? ? ?