Ridley Park,Pennsylvania,United States BAMBN2 The Boeing Company is seeking an Entry Level Programmer Analyst/Developer to join one of its agile development teams: Defense Fleet Solutions. Primary focus of team is supporting Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS) and Boeing Global Services (BGS) Osprey Support Network (OSN) V22 statement of work and portfolio of enterprise applications to include but not limited to Obsolescence Case Management System (OCMS). Position Responsibilities Modify or upgrade applications to maintain software functionality. Document, validate and research reported problems and assist in developing user training. Participate in meetings with end users to learn the user's processes and to assist in gathering and documenting requirements for software applications. Assist in the evaluation of non-complex commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) products and current Boeing products by testing and benchmarking for solutions to requirements. Support the integration process for commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) products and Boeing software solutions to meet end user's requirements, utilizing standard methodologies and tools. Analyze user issues and requests in assigned areas of responsibility by documenting, validating, researching potential solutions and dispositioning the service requests for resolution of simple issues and recommendations of moderately complex issues. Participate in the preparation and maintenance of documentation for assigned area of responsibility. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position requires the ability to obtain a US Security Clearance for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience) Technical Bachelor’s Degree or higher. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study ASP.net Visual Studio Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience) Experience with Web Services Database or Oracle or SQL Experience on an Agile Team (Scrum, Kanban, etc) Experience with Tableau Software Experience working with complex application with multiple components Automated testing Typical Education/Experience Technical bachelor's degree and typically 2 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree or an equivalent combination of education and experience. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. This position is located in Ridley Park, PA and does not offer relocation assistance. Applicants must reside in area or be willing to relocate at their own expense. Yes, 10 % of the Time CIO, Information & Analytics Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company