Overview Manager – Data & Analysis Digitas is a highly-caffeinated playground where brilliant minds come together to bring bold, award-winning ideas to life. The Data & Analysis team uses data-driven insights to fuel strategic growth for clients. We believe that data should never exist in a vacuum; instead, it should be put to work to bring the best ideas and stories to our clients. To help with this, we’re looking for an outstanding Manager – someone who can lead a team of analysts, provide strategic data-driven recommendations to drive client goals, and collaborate with internal partners to drive cross- functional success. Sound like you? Read on. What you’ll do: As Manager, you’ll drive strategic marketing growth for clients and inspire a team of analysts and senior analysts. You’ll work to surpass client goals through brand campaigns, acquisition campaigns, site optimization, and/or online testing strategy. Day-to-day, your role includes: Providing and presenting strategic data-driven recommendations across channels to improve client decision-making and ROI Building effective marketing strategies with other internal partners to optimize client budgets and programs Leading a team of Analysts and Senior Analysts through regular client reporting, ensuring their growth as they progress through their career Serving as a client and internal resource on industry trends and key functional areas such as analytical tools and marketing measurement Evaluating new online and offline data opportunities in the form of new sources, new technology, client priorities, partnership, etc. Fostering creative thinking around how we use data, and we could use data to solve unique business challenges in support of all Marketing activities (Media, Creative, CRM, and eCommerce). We’re looking for strong, impactful work experience, which typically includes: 5-7 years of experience in analytics or strategy with an advertising agency, management consulting company, or ad tech company Experience managing a team Strong analytical, critical thinking, and problem solving skills Experience with modern statistical learning methods (regression techniques, classification models, supervised and unsupervised learning, etc.) Knowledge of digital data technologies (DMPs, Google Analytics, digital pixel tracking, site tagging, etc.) A four-year college degree; advanced degree is a plus Passion for online advertising and emerging trends in the digital landscape The ability to thrive in a fast-paced and deadline-driven environment Got what it takes? We’d love to hear from you. Digitas is an equal opportunity employer.