Responsible for the performance and availability of the enterprise Network & Infrastructure as well as for determining current and future enterprise needs. This position with architect, maintain, monitor, recommend and establish enterprise-wide standards related to all data/voice networks, servers, storage, desktops and security. Requires a high-energy, results-oriented, proven IT leader with experience analyzing and delivering high performance technical environments. Leads and directs the work of a team. Builds and manages budgets and delivers projects on time and on budget. Manages vendor relationships, cloud environments and strategic roadmap. Technology Owns and manages the IT partnership with vendors associated with infrastructure and network operations related items and respective outsourced services. Negotiates vendor contract terms. Owns and manages enterprise network hardware, servers and software as well as the reliability and analysis of all systems. Includes all cloud, IaaS, physical and virtual systems. Includes all switches, routers, firewalls, VoIP systems, Wireless Access Points. Owns and manages network connectivity to all Data Centers, Offices and Remote Users. Owns and manages e-mail Exchange for all Offices, Shops and Remote Users. Owns and manages telephony and communication for all Offices, Shops and Remote Users. Owns and manages software licensing for all Offices, Shops and Remote Users. Owns and manages network security for all Offices, Shops and Remote Users. Owns and manages disaster recovery & backup strategy of all production systems. Owns and manages building security systems for all Offices. Owns and manages desktop/laptop hardware and software design, selection, procurement, imaging and processes. Owns and manages Office equipment: scanners, printers, copiers, plotter, A/V equipment Owns and manages the documentation of systems, networks and cross-training IT staff to mitigate single-points-of-failure and ensure business continuity. Owns and manages the third level technical support to the IT Support team. Leadership Responsible for budgeting and budget management. Responsible for resource planning, allocation and management. Responsible for project planning, management and prioritization. Responsible for implementation and management of IT business analysis standards and processes. Responsible for quality assurance testing and user acceptance testing. Responsible for ensuring the company change management processes are followed. Responsible for building and developing teams. Other duties as assigned. Experience, Education and Behaviors Must represent The Potbelly Advantage and Our Values. BA or BS required. Minimum of 10 years of relevant experience required. Exceptional interpersonal skills are essential, along with the ability to interact with all levels of a company. Must have demonstrated experience in developing and administering complex strategies and philosophies, as well as the ability to balance strategic thinking with detailed focus on execution. Experience with Distributed Enterprise Solutions. Experience with Cloud Datacenter Environments, Managed Networks and Security Protocols ties to PCI and SOX Compliance. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled