This role will report to the Supplier Improvement and Analytics Manager as a part of Supply Chain Quality Assurance. The selected candidate will conduct statistical analysis, predictive analytics, data science and develop action plans based off their analysis. The selected candidate will work with QE, CPE, and Supply Chain stakeholders to understand technical data and derive root cause solutions. This position requires proactive decision making and working cross-functionally to bring improvement efforts forward. Primary responsibilities include: Coordination of the monthly Supplier Improvement CAB and Overdue Supplier Corrective Action Request Review Develop improved processes to enable timely and effective closure of supplier corrective actions Grow and mature statistical analysis, predictive analytics, data science analysis activities Develop new and unique ways of analyzing large nonconformance data and developing definitive action plans with QE, CPE and Supply Chain stakeholders Additionally, the selected candidate will support projects within the areas of Supply Chain & Quality (Source Inspection, Receiving Inspection, Supply Chain Strategy) and drive improvements across the organizations. This is a highly visible role with opportunity to interface across all levels of the organization and may require some domestic travel. Desired Skills: • Experience in Statistical analysis, predictive analytics, data science expertise, and associated tools (Tableau) Understanding of Supply Chain and/or Quality Assurance Understanding of AS9100 Quality System requirements and special process approval Experience with continuous improvement practices Familiarity with LMSSC Procure to Pay (P2P), SAP, and EPDM systems Strong oral and written communication and organizational skills Demonstrated experience identifying and engaging relevant stakeholders for collaboration Proven success working independently and with minimal supervision Strong problem-solving skills, and ability to think creatively Demonstrated presentation skills BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college in technical discipline (e.g., engineering field) or equivalent discipline (e.g., math, physics, chemistry, etc.) Proactive with an ownership mentality, able to work independently with multiple stakeholders Ability to organize and track multiple activities and prioritize based on importance Effective interpersonal skills, including Team building and Collaboration Demonstrated problem solving skills Effective Communication Skills: Written, Oral, Listening, Presentation, Technical Writing Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.