Empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. That’s what inspires us, drives our work and pushes us to challenge the status quo every day. At Microsoft, we also work to empower our employees, so they can achieve more. We believe we should each find meaning in our work and we ensure employees have the freedom and the reach to help make a difference in the world. Microsoft Research provides a dynamic environment for research careers with a network of world-class research labs led by globally-recognized scientists and engineers. Our researchers and engineers pursue innovation in a range of scientific and technical disciplines, to help solve complex challenges in diverse fields, including computing, healthcare, economics, and the environment. Quantum Architecture: Researchers in quantum architecture are defining, simulating and building the quantum systems that will power the next revolution in computing. Working in a tight collaboration with the Microsoft quantum theorists and experientialists, the quantum architects will build abstractions that will become the hardware and software architecture for Microsoft’s quantum computer. Microsoft’s deep investments in the field of quantum computing is advancing the state of the art in all aspects of quantum systems. Microsoft’s full stack approach to quantum systems combines expertise that spans from application development, software tools, classical hardware components, qubit fabrication, modeling through to theory of operation. This is the only commercial development that has combined all of the disciplines into a unified effort to develop the world’s first commercial quantum system. Responsibilities Interns put inquiry and theory into practice. Alongside fellow doctoral candidates and some of the world’s best researchers, interns learn, collaborate, and network for life. Interns not only advance their own careers, but they also contribute to exciting research and development strides. During the 12-week internship, students are paired with mentors and expected to collaborate with other interns and researchers, present findings, and contribute to the vibrant life of the community. Research internships are available in all areas of research, and are offered year-round, though they typically begin in the summer. Qualifications Required Qualifications Must have at least 1 year of experience working with quantum systems in any capacity. Must have at least 1 year of undergraduate physics or computer architecture course work. Must be enrolled in a Masters or PhD program in Computer Science or quantum related field Preferred Qualifications Demonstrated ability to develop original research agendas. Must be able to collaborate effectively with other researchers and product development teams. Excellent interpersonal skills, cross-group and cross-culture collaboration. Ability to think unconventionally to derive creative and innovative solutions. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.