Our Business, Field, and Customer Operations departments are deeply engrained in the functional areas of the business, partner, and customer experiences. Team members are expected not only to have the skills to analyze data and surface takeaways/recommendations but must also lead cross-functional decision-making processes and communicate recommendations to leaders at all levels in the company. Through the intern program, we are looking to find the next wave of talent to drive these efforts. Tesla Motors Service teams are comprised of several subgroups: Business Planning, Project Management, Mobile Service Program, Quality Programs, Campaigns and Compliance, Demand Planning, Supply Chain, Service Readiness, Sustainability, and Retail Operations. Interns will be assigned based on prior experience, interests, and educational background. Specific project assignments and required technical aptitude will vary based on the needs of the individual hiring team. Team responsibilities from various teams: Routine analysis and reporting on Tesla vehicle issues and customer support volume fluctuation; provide frequent feedback with data insight to Customer Support team leads and service center management Maintain demand planning master data MRP parameters to ensure accurate demand signals. Forecasting Customer Support multichannel contact, administration volumes, and patterns as part of the overall capacity & headcount planning Ensure adequate skills and availability are planned to meet customer contact demands through rosters and schedules Continuously improve demand planning forecast accuracy and bias KPIs. Manage one or multiple Service Campaigns and vehicle quality improvement initiatives. Identify opportunities to improve customer experience and improve efficiencies at the Customer Support Team, such as reducing transfers between departments, building tools to facilitate work process, etc. Develop and evolve a strong working relationships with peers and stakeholders across the business Create tools to enhance the demand planning process, design process improvements, and perform data analytics for Global Service Operations. Work fluidly in a highly cross-functional team environment involving manufacturing and product development teams, as well as material planners, manufacturing engineers, and conveyance personnel. Find new opportunities to reveal data insight with your keen business senses. We expect you to be self-motivated and find passion in Tesla Required Skills and Qualifications Currently working towards a bachelor, master’s degree, or MBA. Areas of study in Data Science, Statistics and Mathematics, Business Administration 3+ internship, project, or work experience related to this area of expertise. Ability to effectively communicate verbally and excellent time management skills. Ability to relocate for the duration of your internship. Apply Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program