Senior Big Data Developer Eden Prairie, MN As a Senior Big Data Developer , you will be accountable for building new, data-intensive software products and applications that are focused on bringing the healthcare data together. These products are mostly analytical in nature and we use advanced technologies in the big data space to provide a cutting- edge solution to solve business opportunities. If you are interested in being a part of this exciting initiative, please apply today! Responsibilities: Performing all phases of software engineering including requirements analysis, application design, and code development & testing. Designing and implementing product features in collaboration with business and IT stakeholders. Design, develop and test reusable frameworks, libraries and Java components. Work very closely with Architecture group and driving technical solutions. Be innovative in solution design and development to meet the needs of the business. Use Big data technologies to enrich and transform data and do data analytics, machine learning. Support the implementation and drive it to stable state in production. Provide alternate design solutions along with project estimates. Reviewing code and providing feedback relative to best practices, improving performance etc. Troubleshooting production support issues post-deployment and come up with solutions as required. Demonstrate substantial depth of knowledge and experience in a specific area of Big Data and Java development. Requirements: 3+ years hands-on expertise with big Data technologies: Spark, Scala, HBase, Map Reduce, Hive, SQL, PIG, Python 3+ years hands-on expertise with Java applications, programs, frameworks (technologies including AngularJS etc...) 3+ years of experience within the SDLC 2+ years of Agile/Scrum methodology Experience with Elastic Search, ML Libraries, Streaming Technologies, CICD Technologies (Jenkins, Maven, etc…) Clear and concise communication, able to articulate clearly. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in a related field.