Working as a member of the athletics operation team, this position performs a variety of tasks and projects in support of the Department of Athletics. The individual will provide support and service in the areas of athletic equipment management and home event management. Work is performed under the supervision of the Athletics Operations Coordinator. Duties include: oversee all phases of the equipment room and laundry room operation; maintain certification and membership in good standing in the Athletic Equipment Managers Association (AEMA; maintain, record, and update all athletic equipment, uniform, and apparel inventory; receive deliveries of athletic department equipment and notify athletics business manager and relevant coaches of delivery; assist coaches and staff with uniform and equipment purchases; maintain accurate records pertaining to equipment/uniform distribution and collection; repair equipment and apparel as needed; ensure proper handling and care of uniforms and apparel as it pertains to the laundry room operation; coordinate equipment reconditioning and replacement; monitor athletic equipment room budget; submit written yearly inventories for all sports; travel with teams as assigned. Must be present at all home football games and assist with the preparation of facilities and equipment for home events to include, but not limited to: locker room assignment, meet and greet visiting teams and game officials, PA systems, scoreboard controls, and portable communications systems. This position will serve as event coordinator at assigned athletic and special events and oversee work study and event staff at assigned events. Some evening and weekend work required. Shift: Monday - Friday (8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.) Minimum Qualifications Selection Criteria: _Minimum Education & Training_: Such training as may have been gained through a four year college or university OR any equivalent combination of experience and training. Required Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: Some knowledge of the principles and practices of public administration Some knowledge of the principles of accounting, statistics, and public personnel administration Some knowledge of the sources of information, methods and techniques used in administrative research Ability to carry out, with some supervision, staff assignments requiring the organization of material and development of procedures Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with administrative officials, other employees, and the general public Ability to speak and write effectively Ability to conduct studies and analyze contributing to the development of sound operational procedures Ability to compose memorandums and letters Special Instructions Candidates must apply online at http://agency.governmentjobs.com/wcupa/default.cfm To be considered, please upload a letter of application and resume. Applicants must successfully complete interview process to be considered as a finalist. Developing and sustaining a diverse faculty and staff advances WCU's educational mission. The University is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer encouraging diversity. Women, persons of color, veterans, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. _All offers of employment are subject to and contingent upon completion of pre-employment criminal background checks._