The BI Architect will be responsible for the overall analysis, architecture, design, and implementation of business intelligence solutions in ForeScout’s enterprise application environment. They will support the existing environment and will be responsible for defining, designing and delivering actionable insights while working with key business stakeholders and IT team members. They must have a thorough understanding of business intelligence and data warehousing concepts and strategies. They should be able to interact with business users to understand requirements in order to translate them into design specifications Job Requirements: Formulates and recommends standards for achieving maximum performance and efficiency of the business intelligence and data warehouse ecosystem by translating business requirements into detailed technical designs and specifications. Develop business cases and ROI for department to get buy-in from senior management. Interview stakeholders and develop BI roadmap for success given project prioritization and budget. Evangelize self-service BI and visual discovery while helping to change Excel based culture. Work closely with IT Leadership to ensure prioritization of corporate and departmental objectives and projects. Champion data quality, integrity and reliability throughout the department by designing and promoting best practices and managing the BI change and release processes. Provide assistance to Business Applications team members with issues needing technical expertise or complex systems and/or programming knowledge. Provide technical training to external team members to foster stronger cross-departmental relations. Managing third-party relationships for development and support of our BI environment Minimum Qualifications & Experience: 8-10 years delivering business intelligence solutions 8-10 years of experience with OLTP and OLAP database models Advanced understanding of data warehouse design and architecture Strong knowledge of software development lifecycles/methodologies Ability to translate business requirements into technical design documents and to communicate those designs with both business users and technical staff Demonstrated analytical, problem-solving, organizational, interpersonal and communication skills Strong time management skills with ability to juggle multiple cross-functional projects and deadlines Advanced understanding of Tableau Infrastructure and Tools Strong Experience working with MS-SQL and SSIS BI ETL tool. Good understanding of CRM, ERP and Consolidation Applications like SFDC, Netsuite and Anaplan Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent experience