Data Engineer at Belvedere Trading Belvedere is looking for someone that is passionate about data and can help take our analytical capabilities to the next level. You will be instrumental in ensuring the availability, breadth, and reliability of data that Belvedere uses to continuously make better technical and trading decisions. You will have the opportunity to actively participate in key decisions as we continue to advance our analytical capabilities. You will need to be ready to help solve some of the hardest problems in a team environment, incrementally adapt to change in technologies and business requirements, voice your opinions in a constructive manner and hear other opinions out in-kind, and balance ideal state systems with on-going delivery. What you'll do Design, build, maintain, and enhance analytical data models/structures in support of Belvedere's analytical needs Establish and ensure reliable flow and integration of data from internally and externally sourced data Ensure reliable availability, integrity, and quality of data through automation Work closely with data and quantitative analysts to understand and efficiently meet their data needs Collaborate with technology teams to identify address data gaps or inconsistencies Create custom tooling, as necessary, to simplify the efforts of both the Business Intelligence team and end users What you'll need 2+ years of experience Experience writing clean, readable, and well-organized code Solid understanding and background building data structures and leveraging data stores optimized for analytical purposes Proficiency and relevant experience with ETL and stream processing toolsets Proficiency with development language(s) (ex. Python) Demonstrated ability to navigate and integrate data across multiple data platforms including RDBMS, NoSQL, and Time Series Proven ability to research and implement new technologies and frameworks incrementally Excellent verbal and written communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills Ability to work with a high degree of responsibility within a team environment Experience in Financial Services or Proprietary trading preferred Regular on-site attendance is an essential function of this position Who we are Belvedere Trading is its core values: We strive for excellence as a team and individually (Team Belvedere) and expect merit based responsibilities and compensation (Me in Team) We value innovation delivered incrementally (Iterative Innovation) and expect all to act like owners (Own it) We communicate passionately and with compassion to reach the best solutions (Passionate Discourse) These values help guide us as a firm and as individuals. We are excited to bring those who have similar beliefs to join our family. What we offer Rated as one of the Top 25 Best Places to Work for Recent Grads by Simplicity, Belvedere Trading places a great emphasis on an employee's overall well-being. We offer a casual work environment that promotes innovation and creativity. Our employees' health is important, so we provide full benefits and a robust wellness program including: in-office yoga, health seminars, and discounted gym memberships. Belvedere also recognizes the positive effects of a strong work-life balance by having an unlimited, paid time off policy. Most importantly, Team Belvedere likes to have fun, both inside and outside the office walls! Sponsorship is not available for this position