Overview Draper is an independent, nonprofit research and development company headquartered in Cambridge, MA. The 1,700 employees of Draper tackle important national challenges with a promise of delivering successful and usable solutions. From military defense and space exploration to biomedical engineering, lives often depend on the solutions we provide. Our multidisciplinary teams of engineers and scientists work in a collaborative environment that inspires the cross-fertilization of ideas necessary for true innovation. For more information about Draper, visit www.draper.com. Our work is very important to us, but so is our life outside of work. Draper supports many programs to improve work-life balance including workplace flexibility, employee clubs ranging from photography to yoga, health and finance workshops, off site social events and discounts to local museums and cultural activities. If this specific job opportunity and the chance to work at a nationally renowned R&D innovation company appeals to you, apply now www.draper.com/careers. Equal Employment Opportunity Draper is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. We understand the value of diversity and its impact on a high-performance culture. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Draper is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. To request reasonable accommodation, please contact hr@draper.com. Responsibilities Join Draper’s Enovia PLM Administration staff in contributing towards our migration to the Enovia 3DEXPERIENCE Product Lifecycle Management tool Interface with PLM Architect, Model Based Engineering, Information Technology, and Management Information Systems staff in planning and executing tasks associated with a new Enovia 3DEXPERIENCE implementation, including migration of legacy data Prepare and maintain documentation describing Enovia 3DEXPERIENCE configurations and procedures for performing installations Perform Enovia 3DEXPERIENCE installations, upgrades, and service pack installations Generate and maintain configuration management records Enovia 3DEXPERIENCE system installations Interface with Dassault representatives to address configuration and customization challenges Provide written and verbal status reports and applicable metrics to management Qualifications B.S. degree or higher in a Mechanical/Electrical Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, Computer Science, or other similar technical degree required Three or more years of system administration experience with Red Hat Linux operating system required Prior experience with Dassault Enovia system administration in a Linux environment strongly preferred Understanding of and familiarity with engineering product design, development, and manufacturing processes strongly preferred Familiarity with MCAD, ECAD, and MRP systems strongly preferred Strong interpersonal and verbal/written communication skills required Secret security clearance or the ability to achieve one required