Title: UI Developer Location: Tempe, AZ headquarters Reports to: Software Engineering Manager The successful candidate must have At least 3+ years’ experience working in web development, ideally in a fast-paced team. In depth knowledge of UX design and workflow. Experience working with HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3. Knowledge of Node.js, NPM, GULP, Babel. Experience with responsive design. Ideal candidate would possess Image editing, Iconography, SVG. Expert knowledge of CSS3, Bootstrap, SASS, Flexbox, CSS animations. ECMAScript 2015 (ES6). Experience working with .Net C, Visual Studio. Experience with Aurelia or another JS framework like Angular or React. SPA development experience. Full stack development experience. About the role: How you will make an impact As our UI Developer, you will work with a cross functional team of engineers, product managers, and QA. You will collaborate on building our user experience. Continue to learn new technology and methods to increase our competiveness in the marketplace. Challenges you will help us solve Convert our desktop applications into modern HTML5 web applications. Help bring a progressive cohesive design to our web platform. Develop solutions for the long-term maintainability of our UI codebase. We are looking for someone who Is forward thinking and likes to learn & use new technologies. Is a creative problem solver. Takes pride in creating high quality, well designed sites and apps. Plays well with others. You thrive while sharing knowledge and receiving input. Owns the problem and the solution. We win with people. Here’s how we support ours. 100% company-paid benefits for the employee including: Health, Dental, Short/Long Term Disability and up to $50,000 in life insurance. 15 PTO days and 10 paid holidays. 401(k) plan with employer match. Veterinary Savings Program We offer flexible start and end times. We have a start-up company mentality with 29 years of industry experience. Work/Life balance is valued and upheld. Progressive, hip environment with private food market, onsite gym, outdoor patio, lounge & game room, and casual office culture. AA/EOE M/F/D/V