Verify and validate whether products or services meet specified requirements. Implement quality assurance objectives and process, monitor, and evaluate testing results against the predetermined objectives and apply recommended actions for improvements. Be part of all phases of the QA process and interact with all members of the project team. Work on multiple test programs/systems as a team member and on low-to-moderate complexity projects within one development environment. Participate in developing and implementing QA strategies and activities, as needed. Review business requirements and technical specifications for completeness and logic. Document findings. Participate in technical specification review, as needed. Identify, create and maintain test data. Translate business and technical requirements into test cases, test scenarios and scripts. Create and update test plans and test cases for the test environment. Develop and/or implement reusable components. Verify and schedule test environment. Execute test scripts/cases and monitor testing results. Identify technical and operational problems on installed networks, systems and products. Capture and document defects, metrics, and testing results. Prepare, maintain and review all required testing documents. Capture and document defects and testing results. Prepare and maintain documentation on quality control based on established standards. Contribute and adhere to requirements traceability matrix, ensuring quality delivery. Document system functions and response times for test environment and for production. Participate in lesson learned sessions for improvement of testing process. Comply with established QA processes. Other duties may be assigned. Qualifications EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE Bachelor's degree in related field preferred. One (1) year of systems development and/or business experience required Knowledge of Software Testing applications. Familiarity with the Software Development Methodology. DEPARTMENTAL PREFERENCES Familiar with Data Bases – Familiar with System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology. 1-2 years testing experience. OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES Understand business requirements, technical specifications, and change management documentation in order to develop test plans. Accuracy and attention to detail skills. Process improvement orientation skills. Analytical thinking skills. Ability to work independently, or within a team environment. Other related skills and/or abilities may be required to perform this job. _All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other grounds, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, gender identity, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability._ Job Information Technology Primary Location Detroit Organization Health Plan Business IT-7111 Schedule Full-time