As part of the application process, a candidate account is required to log in and view application(s). Please be sure to check email regularly for information regarding our employment process. PROFILE SUMMARY: This position resides within the Voya Financial® Employee Benefits business and requires business/market intelligence research, synthesis of disparate data sources for relevant insights, management of market data in support of product/marketing strategic initiatives with a focus on competitive intelligence, market trend tracking (e.g., SWOT analyses, etc.) PROFILE DESCRIPTION: Understands the market and business context, synthesizes relevant information, and tells a compelling story that leads to strategic and actionable recommendations. Presents findings to all levels of management. Creates and maintains internal client relationships and initiatives in support of business goals and objectives. Ensures the quality and action ability of insights delivered in business information/research reports / presentations. Strives to understand the constantly evolving organization, customers, products, methods, best practices, business models and unique research/insights needs. Provides strategic perspective through fact-based analysis and makes proactive business / marketing recommendations and when necessary, proactively recommends research based on business needs. Monitor various data sources and synthesize, and disseminate relevant and actionable insights. Source data examples would include, but not be limited to customer analytics/profiles, business intelligence, industry reports, competitor information, market/industry statistics, news, secondary or primary research. Perform detailed project management. Write thoughtful, well-designed, visual reports / insight summaries / presentations. Package and disseminate relevant findings and insights to the appropriate business partners. Disseminate all findings to key business partners in a timely and effective manner. Other duties as assigned. KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE: Bachelor’s degree in marketing, communications, or business management. 2 or more years business or market analysis experience required (Financial services experience a plus, particularly with Employee Benefits). Has direct experience with the synthesis of primary and secondary research, market and industry trends information, or client experience data as well as knowledge of emerging trends, and strong knowledge of marketing principles. Has excellent communication skills and the ability to influence business leaders. Ability to present complicated material in a concise and compelling manner. Is intensely curious and passionately loves learning, solving problems, and positively impacting the business through research and disseminating relevant findings across the organization. Understands business and consumer trends as it relates to financial services needs, digital behaviors and worksite benefits. The ability to create an effective presentation as well as the actual presentation to audiences at all corporate levels Demonstrated experience in project management, organizational leadership, and supplier management. Strategic thinker with superior analytical skills. Ability to work independently under tight deadlines, with minimal direction. Outstanding PowerPoint, Excel and writing skills required. LI-KD1 Critical Skills At Voya, we have identified the following critical skills which are key to success in our culture: Customer Focused: Passionate drive to delight our customers and offer unique solutions that deliver on their expectations. Critical Thinking: Thoughtful process of analyzing data and problem solving data to reach a well-reasoned solution. Team Mentality: Partnering effectively to drive our culture and execute on our common goals. Business Acumen: Appreciation and understanding of the financial services industry in order to make sound business decisions. Learning Agility: Openness to new ways of thinking and acquiring new skills to retain a competitive advantage. Learn more about Critical Skills .