HeartFlow is a Software as a Service (SaaS) medical software device company that is revolutionizing the treatment of coronary artery disease. We are rapidly scaling our Engineering team and are looking for multiple Scrum Masters. This role will include both project management and Scrum master responsibilities for multiple Scrum teams. You will be key in ensuring the development teams follow effective and efficient Agile/Scrum practices. Job Responsibilities: Lead the Agile Scrum process through daily standups, sprint planning, resource planning, and retrospectives Ensure the execution of sprints with rigor Establish and manage a product backlog with respect to strategic priorities and visibility on execution to the company’s roadmap Work with engineering team to develop long-term strategy Identify roadblocks and breaks in the development process, then work with the team to resolve and provide solutions Requirements: 2-3 years minimum experience managing software projects with a team of 10-15 engineers Strong relevant technical knowledge and conceptual understanding of architecture Experience planning all stages of the software development life cycle Comfort working an Agile Scrum model (standups, sprints, retrospectives, etc.) Master of juggling priorities and resources Ability to dig deep and communicate both about individual tasks and long-term strategy Self-driven to take challenges head-on and achieve goals Excel at working in small, dynamic teams in a diverse, scaling environment Preferred Qualifications: Experience with JIRA Understanding of monitoring and health system management B.S. in Computer Science Certified Scrum Master (CSM) About HeartFlow, Inc. HeartFlow, Inc. is a medical technology company redefining the way heart disease is diagnosed and treated. Our non-invasive HeartFlow FFRct Analysis leverages deep learning to create a personalized 3D model of the heart. By using this model, clinicians can better evaluate the impact a blockage has on blood flow and determine the best treatment for patients. Our technology is reflective of our Silicon Valley roots and incorporates decades of scientific evidence with the latest advances in artificial intelligence. The HeartFlow FFRct Analysis is commercially available in the United States, Canada, Europe and Japan. For more information, visit www.heartflow.com. HeartFlow, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This company does not and will not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race, sex, age, handicap, religion, national origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Hiring, transferring and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above listed items. Positions posted for HeartFlow are not intended for or open to third party recruiters / agencies. Submission of any unsolicited resumes for these positions will be considered to be free referrals.