As the world's leading video and ecommerce retailer, QVC has a history of growth and success that goes unmatched. We are an $8.8 billion business that reaches over 370 million homes worldwide. QVC continues to grow on-line, on- air, and through mobile. Ranked as the 3 largest mobile commerce player among multi-category retailers and with nearly 3 million downloads for QVC apps for iPhone and iPad in US, UK and Germany, our global IT organization is expanding and we are in search of tech talent to join our high performing team. We are an innovative, technology-driven company that embraces corporate responsibility and is committed to our people. US Headquarters are located just outside of Philadelphia in West Chester, PA. Whether you’re coming from Center City, the airport, or a suburb with regional rail service, the QVC shuttle service provides a stress-free daily commute to work. As an Enterprise Data Management (EDM) – Data Architect – Teradata at QVC you will report to the EDM Director and be responsible for enterprise-wide oversight and development of QVC’s Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) environment in support of internal systems and customers. The position requires a strong background in a heterogeneous database environment. You should have extensive knowledge, hands-on experience and expertise with medium to large Teradata databases (50+ terabyte). You will work with the EDW team, BI team, other IT members, business analysts, and hardware and software vendors. Job Description Details Job Responsibilities: Provide technical leadership for the Teradata enterprise data warehouse (EDW), and related data marts, including but not limited to, optimal table & index structure design, performance tuning and monitoring, and security. Work with data modelers to create and maintain consistency and accuracy of all logical and physical data models inclusive of associated metadata. Proactively support the environments, particularly around issues and improvements. Responsible for partnering with application teams, and DBA team regarding all aspects of the EDW system; including but not limited to design, creation, tuning, validation, and troubleshooting. Work with agile development teams and DBAs to develop optimal Teradata environment for databases, ETL flows and business usability. Work with BI management to abide by QVC Data Governance standards and guidelines. Assist with and make recommendations for setting up complex workflows and schedules. Follow SDLC methodology in regards to code development and deployment. Keep current in terms of technology and best practices. Participate in quality assurance reviews of database and ETL components. Write scripts and code as needed. Provide regular updates to EDW manager and assist with project planning, and execution of Data Management strategic roadmap. Educate users/developers on various Teradata techniques through development forums and other means. Minimum Requirements: Highly technical knowledge of Teradata Active Data Warehouse and Data Warehouse Appliance including DBMS configuration, DBMS internal structures, physical database design concepts, database access and query languages, and DBMS administrative tools Experience in development, production support processes and problem resolution according to service-level agreements Highly technical and strong DBMS performance and tuning skills Must possess excellent communication skills Must possess ability to work independently and in a team environment Must possess excellent investigative and problem solving abilities Teradata certification is highly desirable but not required. 10+ years SQL programming experience 7+ years advanced hands-on experience with Teradata 5+ years experience in database design, performance tuning and workload management 5+ years of enterprise warehouse data modeler experience 5+ years strong experience with ETL/ELT creation and tuning 5+ years of experience with BI or Data Warehouse projects 5+ years experience with Linux, UNIX and Windows 3+ years strong experience managing multiple technical projects through a SDLC 3+ years experience Shell Scripting 2+ years advanced experience with Informatica Must be proficient with MS Office '07 (or higher) - Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc. Retail Industry is preferred BI performance management tool (e.g. MicroStrategy or Tableau) experience preferred Temporal data management experience is a significant plus Data Labs experience is a definite plus Working knowledge of SQL Server and Oracle is a definite plus DB2 experience a definite plus Hadoop experience is a plus Google Cloud Service & Big Query experience is a plus Knowledge of Stonebranch is a plus Data Architect - Teradata QVC, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Interactive Corporation (NASDAQ: QVCA, QVCB), is the world’s leading video and ecommerce retailer. QVC is committed to providing its customers with thousands of the most innovative and contemporary beauty, fashion, jewelry and home products. Its programming is distributed to approximately 300 million homes worldwide through operations in the U.S., Japan, Germany, United Kingdom, Italy and a joint venture in China. Based in West Chester, Pa. and founded in 1986, QVC has evolved from a TV shopping company to a leading ecommerce and mobile commerce retailer. The company’s website, QVC.com, is ranked among the top general merchant Internet sites. QVC, Q, and the Q Ribbon Logo are registered service marks of ER Marks, Inc. As an equal opportunity employer, QVC is committed to a diverse workforce and is also committed to a barrier-free employment process. In order to ensure reasonable accommodations for individuals pursuant to applicable law, individuals that require accommodation in the job application process for a posted position may contact us at CareersUS@QVC.com for assistance.