Position Title: Full-Stack Developer (Contractor) Duration: 8 Months to 1 Year Department: Spirits Marketing Location: New York, NY What you will proactively do: Own development of all email (newsletter, event, ad hoc) in our CRM platform (Salesforce) Own CMS systems for all brands including uploading and maintaining content Ensure the quality of all work product by proofing, testing links, checking rendering across clients, versions and personalization when applicable Maintain all codes across email and websites to ensure brand communications are always up-to-date with creative changes, our customer database, and industry standards Develop and maintain reusable email assets and templates via an HTML builder Drive code evaluations of promotional campaigns to enhance ongoing communications and identify other areas of opportunity for process optimization Collaborate with IT for data integrations How we'll know you're doing a good job: No news is good news; Properly rendered websites with optimized processing, email delivery of properly rendered templates across devices and mail clients, and advanced email use cases i.e. dynamic modular templating What you must have experience with: 3 to 5 years of relevant work experience Coding email from scratch using HTML / CSS / JavaScript UI, UX and interaction design abilities Implementing dynamic content in email Integrating with and managing APIs Testing and troubleshooting across multiple browsers, email clients and devices Communicating highly technical information in a clear, concise manner to lay people Launching multiple projects at once with last minute deadlines Thriving in a large, corporate, matrixed organization What you should have experience with: Managing client relationships Test-and-learn approaches using web and customer analytics data Salesforce Marketing Cloud Emai studio, Journey Builder, and Automation Studio Email deliverability and how to optimize to ISPs Adobe Photoshop Google Analytics SQL An eye for aesthetic excellence Who are we? Pernod Ricard USA is the premium spirits and wine company in the U.S. The company's leading spirits and wines include such prestigious brands as ABSOLUT® Vodka, Chivas Regal® Scotch Whisky, The Glenlivet® Single Malt Scotch Whisky, Jameson® Irish Whiskey, Malibu®, Kahlúa® Liqueur, Beefeater® Gin, and Avión™ Tequila (through a joint venture with Tequila Avión); such superior wines as Jacob's Creek® and Brancott Estate®; and such exquisite champagnes and sparkling wines as Perrier-Jouët® Champagne, G.H. Mumm™ Champagne and Mumm Napa® sparkling wines. Learn more about our history, values, strategies and organization by visiting us at http://www.pernod-ricard-usa.com/ Working at Pernod Ricard Working for Pernod Ricard USA means working for the co-leader in the global wines and spirits industry – and having the opportunity to work with great people and great brands in diverse and challenging roles. Our success is the result of the passion and creativity of our people, our exceptional portfolio of leading premium brands, and a shared commitment to our values of entrepreneurship, mutual trust, and a strong sense of ethics. Pernod Ricard USA rewards both individual initiative and a spirit of collaboration, and encourages ongoing professional development. Pernod Ricard USA recognizes the importance of continuously building upon our diverse workforce and inclusive culture. We believe in championing an inclusive culture that embraces differences and encourages employees to challenge themselves and their colleagues. Benefits Pernod Ricard USA offers competitive compensation, performance bonuses and domestic & international career development opportunities. Pernod Ricard USA is an Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, and Individuals with Disabilities. Offers will be subject to United States local terms.