POSITION PURPOSE: The position School Secretary is responsible to provide secretarial support such as answering phones and serving as receptionist for a work group, performing word processing and data entry, maintaining files and records, and preparing materials.. COMMITMENT TO EQUITY: The Bellevue School District is committed to a diverse workforce representative of our students, one that embraces and models cultural competency as an international community. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: (These duties are a representative sample; position assignments may vary.) Provides secretarial support to work group; performs skilled word processing, data entry and typing; operates a variety of office machines. Answers telephones and assists visitors; provides a variety of customer service and public relations to the public, district staff, and other agencies; answers informational inquiries; takes messages. Maintains a variety of records and files, and gathers information for reports. Prepares, processes and distributes a variety of materials. Performs special projects, such as compiling information for reports. Provides back-up and peak-load assistance to office staff. REPORTING RELATIONSHIP: Reports to and is directly supervised by Administrative Office Manager or Assigned Administrator. EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE (positions in this class typically require): Required High school graduation or equivalent and one year of secretarial/clerical experience. KNOWLEDGE (position requirements at entry): Customer service procedures. General office machines. Word processing software. Correct grammar, spelling and English usage. SKILLS (position requirements at entry): Accurate word processing and data input. Organization. Problem solving. Telephone etiquette. Ability to operate a multi-line phone system. Ability to use or learn the use of spreadsheet and database software. Ability to maintain confidentiality. Ability to maintain accurate records. Ability to effective oral communication skills. Ability to perform all physical activities and meet all physical requirements indicated in section above. Ability to exert all necessary mental effort indicated in section above. Ability to perform all duties in accordance with applicable Board policies and District and Legal requirements. Ability to meet and maintain punctuality and attendance expectations. MENTAL DEMANDS (positions in this class typically require): Required to meet deadlines. Experiences interruptions to concentration. Required to work with diverse populations. May answer calls from frustrated or hostile individuals. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Positions in this class typically require: stooping, kneeling, crouching, reaching, standing, walking, pushing, pulling, lifting, finger dexterity, grasping, talking, hearing, seeing, and repetitive motions. Sedentary Work: Exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or a negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects, including the human body. Sedentary work involves sitting most of the time. Jobs are sedentary if walking and standing are required only occasionally and all other sedentary criteria are met. Incumbents may be subjected to moving mechanical parts, odors, chemicals, extreme temperatures, inadequate lighting, workspace restrictions, and intense noises. CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT: This is a general posting for one or more School Secretary positions. Positions may be full or part-time and will be filled as specific openings are identified. AISP pay range B ($ 19.59 – $ 20.63 per hour). This position is covered by a collective bargaining agreement that requires a membership or representation fee as an ongoing condition of continued employment after an individual is hired. A generous benefit package will be included according to Board policy. NOTE: The above job description is intended to represent only the key areas of responsibilities; specific position assignments will vary depending on the business needs of the department. Verification of identity and United States work authorization must be completed. The successful candidate for this position must be fingerprinted. Employment is contingent upon clearance by Washington State Patrol and Federal Bureau of Investigation. Bellevue School District does not discriminate in any programs or activities on the basis of sex, race, creed, religion, color, national origin, age, veteran or military status, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, disability, or the use of a trained dog guide or service animal and provides equal access to designated youth groups. The following employees have been designated to handle questions and complaints of alleged discrimination: Title IX Coordinator: Jeff Lowell, 425-456-4010 or lowellj@bsd405.org; Section 504/ADA Coordinator: Heather Edlund, 425-456-4156 or edlundh@bsd405.org; Civil Rights/Nondiscrimination Compliance Coordinator Alexa Allman 425-456-4040 or allmana@bsd405.org. Address for all three: 12111 NE 1st St., Bellevue, WA 98005.