Cloud Architect - Google Cloud Platform Who We Are Burwood Group is not your average technology consulting firm. We are an innovative, culture-driven, industry leader and we are growing our team by leaps and bounds. Founded in 1997 in Chicago (and still headquartered here), we've grown to be a 200+ employee firm with people and offices spread from Southern California to NYC. Our specialty is closing the gap between business strategy and technology solutions. Our clients view Burwood as a trusted advisor and partner who can help them select the best technology for the job, manage and execute a first-rate implementation, and measure project success by the business outcomes achieved. What You’ll Do As a Cloud Architect, you will be responsible for helping clients develop a cloud strategy, architecture, and implementation roadmap in support of their business objectives. You will also lead client visioning for future systems deployments, lead project teams, prepare scope documents and project plans, design for best practices, and oversee the implementation, automation, and integration of global multi-site, multi-vendor hybrid cloud environments to ensure successful project execution. As the Cloud Subject Matter Expert (SME), you will support sales efforts as well as the training and support of other Burwood Consultants. Ensure on time and on budget completion of project initiatives Research and developing innovative solutions around cloud Develop cloud-based marketing solutions (white papers, case studies, etc.) Be involved in business development and pre-sales cloud activities Who You Are You have a strong technology background that includes consulting and pre-sales experience You have a strong Cloud consulting background You excel in the sale, planning, design, rollout and support for large enterprise cloud initiatives (1000 to 20,000 VMs) You have the expertise and professionalism to interact with any level of an organization You’re able to take the lead and make big decisions You’re a self-starter, you take initiative and have the ability to multi-task You’re willing to travel The Tech Stuff Demonstrated hands-on experience with Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Desired hands-on experience with containers and container management: Docker and/or Kubernetes Desired experience migration workloads to the Cloud Desired hands-on experience with one or more automated configuration management tools: Terraform, Puppet, Chef, or Ansible Current Google Cloud Architect or Data Engineer certification or desire to obtain when at Burwood The Perks If you ask any of our employees here at Burwood “what we love”, the top answer is always the same: our culture. Our employees are driven, innovative, fun- loving, and always willing to help. In addition to that, Burwood also offers some fantastic benefits: 401(k) and Roth 401(k) savings plan, complete with a company match Unlimited vacation days Health, dental and vision insurance Life and accident insurance Short and Long-Term Disability coverage Flexible work-from-home policy Flexible spending accounts for pre-tax healthcare and transit/parking expenses Access to financial planning expertise