General Responsibilities The Quality Assurance Manager oversees the Quality Assurance department. They are responsible for ensuring PTT processes and systems comply with applicable regulations including 21 CFR 1271, 820, 210/211 and AATB requirements. He/she is responsible for the overall oversight and execution of the Quality Assurance Program initiatives, ensuring regulatory and accreditation compliance as it relates to organizational goals, objectives, and work processes. The QA Manager reviews and analyzes data to determine where improvement is needed within the quality systems and assists with regulatory audits and customer requests as needed. Key Interactions and Relationships Regular communication with the Director of RA/QA to ensure all goals for the Quality Assurance Department are outlined, and executed accordingly to meet quality commitments Daily communication with team members in the Quality Assurance department to ensure goals and objectives are executed in a timely manner Essential Duties and Responsibilities Demonstrates a commitment to the development, implementation and effectiveness of PTT?s Quality Management System per ISO, FDA and other regulatory agencies. Maintain current knowledge of and comply with FDA, AATB, OSHA, cGTP, and federal and local government regulations at all times. Review QSM procedures, policies, and forms to ensure compliance with regulatory and accreditation/licensing requirements. Coordinate department planning to ensure that the QA Department functions optimally within the scope of the PTT Quality Policy. Host and participate in all vendor and regulatory body audits off PTT as well as managing any required corrective actions Ensure that the QA Department interfaces with key functional groups (NPD, Manufacturing, Customer Service, and Quality Control) to drive company-wide or cross-departmental quality improvement initiatives. Perform final review and approval of non-conformances, deviation incidents, corrective actions, customer complaints, and PTT?s SOPs. Train associates in quality and compliance procedures; interpret company policies and procedures for associates. Prepare data for management review. Maintain open, regular communication with appropriate personnel concerning quality and/or regulatory issues. Manage and/or perform special projects to support continuous improvement companywide. Maintain and advance technical skills through professional education and training to advance the effectiveness of Regulatory and Quality Systems. Other duties as assigned by Supervisor and or PTT Leadership. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Required Law and Government ? Knowledge of the Codes of Federal Regulations applicable to operations performed by PTT Administration and Management ? Knowledge of business and management principles involved in planning, leadership techniques, project management and coordination of people and resources. English Language ? Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar. Analyzing Data or Information ? Identifying the underlying principles, reasons, or facts of information by breaking down information or data into separate parts. Systems Analysis ? Determining how a system should work and how changes in conditions, operations, and the environment will affect outcomes. Quality Control Analysis ? Knowledge of methods for conducting tests and inspections of products, services, or processes to evaluate quality or performance. Critical Thinking ? Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions, or approaches to problems. Complex Problem Solving ? Identifying complex problems and reviewing related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions. Judgment and Decision Making ? Considering the relative costs and benefits of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one. Active Listening ? Giving full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times. Oral and Written Communications ? Conveying information and ideas so others will understand. Physical Environment & Working Conditions Full Time position (40 hours or more) based in Arizona. Hours may include evenings and weekends to perform tasks outlined in the job description. The Quality Assurance Manager may work in a clean room environment where protective clothing such as hoods, face masks, gloves, boots, and coveralls are required. Equipment & Machines Used Desktop computer and general office equipment. Confidentiality Requirement The Quality Assurance Manager is expected to maintain confidentiality of all donor/recipient information.