Bring your talents to an industry leader in medical technology and healthcare solutions – we’re a market leader and growing every day. You can be proud to be a part of technologies that are rooted in our long history of mission- driven innovation. You will be empowered to shape your own career. We support your growth with the training, mentorship, and guidance you need to own your future success. Together, we can transform healthcare. Join us for a career in IT that changes lives. CAREERS THAT CHANGE LIVES The IT Program Manager leads complex, multi-disciplinary programs. The IT Program Manager plans requirements with internal customers and ushers programs through the entire program lifecycle. This includes managing program schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to key stakeholders. IT Infrastructure Programs typically span across functional and departmental leadership and teams as well as time zones and geographies. The IT Program Manager’s role is to keep all key stakeholders coordinated on the program’s progress and deadlines. The IT Program Manager will manage cross-functional programs in the delivery and management of hardware lifecycle and delivery across Medtronic’s facilities and Data Centers. The IT Program Manager will oversee relationships with key partners and ensure execution of plans and on-time delivery. The IT Program Manager will collaborate with all organizational levels to develop plans and conduct analysis, manage program forecasts and schedules, define problem solving and risk mitigation strategies and facilitate conflict resolution through the entire program cycle. A DAY IN THE LIFE Develop and oversee IT Infrastructure plans related to delivery and management of Medtronic’s IT infrastructure. Lead cross-functional teams and manage multiple programs with competing priorities simultaneously. Manage key relationships with partners and customers, performing operational planning and forecasting. Drive process initiatives to optimize delivery of IT Infrastructure resources – create program plans, gather, and synthesize relevant data, lead analysis, and develop final recommendations. Identify program metrics and lead efforts to improve the efficiency, quality, and cost of IT Infrastructure to scale with the growth of Medtronic. Collaborate with key vendors to support the IT Infrastructure strategy to ensure quality delivery and schedule constraints are achieved. Develop and enhance policies and processes that will be leveraged across Global IT. Utilize excellent organizational skills for managing, sequencing, and scheduling of tasks and activities. Plan, direct, and coordinates IT Infrastructure activities to ensure that goals and objectives of IT Infrastructure Programs are accomplished within guidelines, standards with supportable technologies. Run programs that focus on Data Center capacity planning, asset lifecycles, and equipment recycling. Ensure use of standardized methods and techniques in the preparation, building, testing, and implementation of IT Infrastructure changes and production transition with minimal impact on the business and system stability. Analyze and implement actions for identified process bottlenecks, opportunities for improvement by comparing data against established process Key Performance Indicators (KPI). Produce and maintain appropriate communications to all key stakeholders regarding IT Infrastructure Programs with ability of providing the right level of detail to multiple audiences ranging from senior leadership to technical teams. Lead facilitation of scheduling deliverables, milestones and required tasks. Assign responsibilities and scope of authority to program and technical resources. Prepare IT Infrastructure Program status reports for management and other key stakeholders. Responsible for compliance to all Medtronic corporate policies, SOX and audit controls for IT Infrastructure activities. Partner with architecture representatives to ensure Medtronic standard technology is being leveraged and solutions are supportable by the organization. Identify and communicate failed or unauthorized IT Infrastructure changes. Implement corrective actions and ensure preventative measures are in place. Provide effective integration and interaction with other service support areas. Participate in internal and external audits as required. MUST HAVE (Minimum Qualifications) Bachelor’s Degree 5+ years of IT experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or 3+ years of IT experience with an advanced degree NICE TO HAVE Stakeholder management experience Solid written and verbal communication skills Ability to work in a matrix environment Solid project management experience and familiar with project management tools Knowledgeable in project management methodologies Ability to develop relations across business/functions Ability to define requirements, manage scope and influence team members to deliver task Experienced in managing Data Center programs Knowledge of various infrastructure disciplines ABOUT MEDTRONIC Together, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, we push the limits of what technology, therapies and services can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be. We want to accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. Let’s work together to address universal healthcare needs and improve patients’ lives. Help us shape the future. PHYSICAL JOB REQUIREMENTS The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this position, but they are not an exhaustive list of all the required responsibilities and skills of this position. The physical demands described within the Day in the Life section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. DISCLAIMER The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position.