Looking for the next step in your career? Enjoy a challenge? Do you have an ambition for innovation? Want to make a difference? If you join our growing global team, you’ll be working for an industry leader with offices across five continents, in over 47 countries and more than 28 000 employees. You will work with some of the leading world brands across the Fortune 100 and Fortune 500 companies – who are all relying on Dimension Data to help them use the power of technology to achieve their ambition in this digital era.You’ll be part of a team who’s passionate about making a difference to the way technology shapes how we live and work – whether it’s protecting the rhino, connecting the G20 Summit, or revolutionising cycling, giving you the opportunity to do great things. You’ll be joining a Global Top Employer, recognised for investing in talent because people are at the heart of our success. You provide the skills, passion and ideas, and we’ll provide the platform to realise your ambitions.Great talent. Great teams. Great work. Great opportunities. Want to be part of our team? The CS Technical Architect has good product knowledge integrated with deep technology understanding. The individual may focus on a particular area or several areas of technology or domain and associated products. This employee’s primary responsibility will be the overall technical design and build of the custom elements of the solution to meet client business requirements. This will include the ability to design the physical domain from the communications layer, to networking protocols, network gear, interconnects, hardware for all services (apps, web, database, storage and HA/DR) and all cloud services for hybrid solutions. What you'll be doing Solution design The Solution Architect is a consultative solution focused individual that works closely with the sales team, mentors peers, and contributes to organizational best practices. The Solution Architect must be capable of leading solution driven discussions, mapping business requirements to technical solutions, and leading complex architectures. The Solution Architect will produce integrated or converged designs across multiple solutions, supporting documentation, and accurate price quotations as part of the sales process. The Solution Architect will act as a subject matter expert in digital infrastructure and hybrid IT solution sets and provide expertise through mentoring, design oversight, and establishing best practices for the area. The Solution Architect has experience with client engagement in specific market segments (which may include; Global, Enterprise, Commercial and Territory) and associated business verticals. The Solution Architect is a champion for Dimension Data solution and service offerings. Contribute to proposals These employees demonstrate strong client engagement skills with complex client assignments. This requires the ability to participate or lead in scope of work determination, product pricing and RFP/RFI responses. The Solution Architect works closely with the Client Manager throughout this process and will also assist in the decision to pursue or abort a deal. They contribute to the determination of outsourcing, product pricing and collaborates with the Client Manager to develop an implementation solution. Product sales The individual is expected to achieve products sales to meet specified financial goals according to specified financial metrics. The Solution Architect has a responsibility for influencing and guiding members of the Sales team and to ensure that they are equipped to close deals. They also need to maintain visibility of forecasting and sales pipeline in order to influence potential deals. Proof of concept A strong vendor relationship is required to ensure an understanding of the vendor’s products business and technology positioning. The individual is expected to manage client proof of value (POV) initiatives, which will require the involvement of the appropriate resources, and setup and delivery of the POV. To obtain a working client solution the individual acts as a bridge between the client, Engineers and Consultants (technical solution viability) and Project Management teams (project initiation). On all larger engagements the Solution Architect owns the proposed solution and transitions the build / implementation to the delivery team. This means that he/she remains engaged with the client all the way through to the transfer to managed services and returns as “thought leaders” for the next opportunity. All processes should comply with all defined project management methodologies. Coaching and training The Solution Architect has a technical consulting aptitude, focusing on the business and sales aspects. The individual trains and coaches the sales team and when applicable teams of Engineers and Consultants to transfer product knowledge. The Solution Architect also mentors the Product Specialist and Product Supporters. Opportunity realization Specifically relating to opportunity pursuit the Solution Architect will: Evaluate each opportunity for alignment with Dimension Data capabilities and business policy. Prepare the executive summary that outlines all of the information gathered from the client in regards to their needs, as we understand them Document the proposed technology solution Document the statement of work along with all labor requirements Work with the Client Manager to prepare the pricing format that will be supplied to the customer. Perform the actual solution design and prepare a parts list outlining equipment to be provided. Develop and manage a proof-of-concept as such may be required Engage all technical resources required for an accurate solution design Prepare a network diagram outlining the proposed solution Document all deliverables and what constitutes a successful completion. Review the final parts list as supplied by the Client Manager and submit all information to the applicable bid team for final assembly Verify the proposal’s accuracy and sign off on the final documents to be presented to the client Assist the Client Manager during the final presentation to the customer as appropriate Behavioral skills As corporate citizens they are good team players and exhibit the required level of management skills required from middle level managers. He or she practices two-way communication and listens to understands other’s point of view. Senior Solution Architects have good analytical and consulting capabilities. They demonstrate the ability to collaborate and communicate effectively with team members, contributing to their success. They develop and maintain meaningful peer relationships with Dimension Data strategic partners with regular cadence to develop client strategy What would make you a good fit for this role? Join our growing global team and accelerate your career with Dimension Data. Apply today. Diversity in Dimension Data Dimension Data is an equal opportunity employer with a global culture that embraces diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be unfairly discriminated against on any arbitrary ground including race, colour, sex, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, or other protected category.