Job Responsibilities Senior Azure Cloud Engineer How this role will make an impact: The Senior Azure Cloud Engineer will work across infrastructure and application development teams to support and implement various programs and strategic initiatives within the company. Having a deep understanding of all Azure components will be key to assisting with the development of procedures that address all areas from an ITIL framework driven perspective. The chosen candidate will be proficient in all aspects of Cloud computing concepts (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS) and systems Engineering with the ability to move dynamically between project, administrative and operational duties in a fast- paced environment. Your goals and responsibilities will include: Engineering design, operations and support responsibility for multiple production and developmental Azure services. Specific responsibilities include: Influence Architecture decisions related to cloud computing across organization Designs, plans, and integrates cloud computing and virtualization systems using infrastructure as code and modern cloud-native deployment techniques such as DevOps and/or DevSecOps. Develops and conducts testing of cloud and virtualization systems. Develops automation scripts for efficient deployment and operations of cloud and virtualization systems. Maintains technical expertise relevant industry standards and best practices in cloud computing and virtualization technologies. Evaluates and reports on new cloud and virtualization technologies to enhance capabilities of cloud- based and virtualized services. Drives continuous improvement and adoption of best practices to simplify, standardize and consolidate the core computing infrastructure wherever it makes sense, to include tools to ensure ease of use for organization. Understands and works within the ITIL/ITSM framework. Seeks to identify opportunities for optimization of Cloud / Azure environment. Stays current with the newest cloud computing tools and technologies available. What you’ll bring to the table: At a minimum, Bachelor's degree from four-year college or university and over 6 years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and training. Minimum of 6 years of experience in Systems Engineering or related. Minimum of 2 years of experience in MS Azure cloud architecture, operations, administration or DevOps. Experience preferred: creation of deployment scripts or process automation using Puppet, Chef, Ansible or other. Must be a strong team player and excellent collaborator. Maturity, poise, and confidence in the face of adversity. Strong interpersonal and communications skills to effectively communicate and collaborate with a broad range of groups and individuals, including IT technicians, vendors, internal and external service providers, IT management, and business unit staff. Must be highly organized while requiring minimal day-to-day guidance. Possess superior problem-solving skills, able to assemble a team as needed to identify issues, root causes and solutions. Able to communicate difficult technical concepts clearly to a variety of individuals of varying technical expertise and understanding. About our IT team: We’re growing at a faster pace than we ever have before, investing heavily in cutting-edge technology and, more importantly, _our people_ _._ Our PetSmart IT team isn’t just its own department, they are valued business partners to every area of our company. At every level, our IT associates are empowered to come up with innovative ideas that have strategic impacts to the business. You’ll take pride in the work that you do and the “why” behind it all—for the love of pets. Why you’ll love it here (some benefits apply only to FTEs): Our home office offers outstanding amenities in a fun and rewarding workplace including: Pet friendly environment, bring your pets to work! A work-life balance and family events such as movie nights, art events and holiday festivals “Top Dog” gym with equipment, fitness classes, massage therapists and personal trainers “Sit & Stay” Café serving fresh breakfast and lunch options Starbucks cart—productivity at its finest! “Lil’ Paws” learning center and onsite daycare facility Volunteer events with PetSmart Charities Click here to meet Mike Goodwin, PetSmart’s CIOhttps://vimeo.com/254726837 Submit Resume