Overview American Science and Engineering, an OSI Systems Company is seeking a Supply Chain Data Analyst in its Billerica, MA Facility. In this role the Supply Chain Data Analyst will analyze global supply planning activities that can include material sourcing, supply chain and planning. AS&E is an industry leader in detection technology, providing cargo and vehicle inspection systems and services for ports, borders, military, high- threat facilities, and checkpoints to help customers combat terrorism, drug smuggling, illegal immigration, and trade fraud. We offer a broad array of scanning system configurations that leverage low-, medium-, and high-energy X-ray technology—or multiple X-ray technologies—to address each customer’s unique security application requirements. Our commitment to excellence in imaging performance, innovative design, and uncompromising quality ensures our solutions consistently deliver best-in-class imaging, high reliability, and operator satisfaction, to help customers find threats and contraband with ease and confidence. The Supply Chain Data Analyst uses analytical methods and a variety of tools to understand, predict, improve and/or control various Supply Chain operations and processes. Responsible for analyzing performance, identifying insights, and developing recommendations that support management and maximize operational efficiency. Must be a self-starter, detail oriented, able to support and lead multiple projects, possess excellent communication skills, work well with a team, interact with multiple levels and functions within the Supply Chain and Operations organizations, and able to manage vendor/business relationships. This role reports directly to the Senior Manager of Supply Chain Responsibilities Collect and analyze data reflecting supply chain activities - purchasing, demand and supply planning, manufacturing, and warehousing. Participate and/or assist in larger studies and reviews. Conduct analyses to interpret and explain activities; identify trends and patterns. Conduct cost optimization, trend and cost/benefit analyses. Analyzes possible solutions using standard procedures. Identify opportunities for cost savings. Prepare reports to allow for the identification of trends, demands, constraints, and changing conditions. Use technology to develop and introduce an AS&E wide Supplier Scorecard process. Ensure the process is robust and that the monthly cadence is supported with good data. Be able to follow up with suppliers and Supply Chain groups to ensure the process helps improve communication and supplier performance. Develops dashboards to allow the business to maintain awareness of world markets, emerging material related issues and currency changes and position the supply chain to respond promptly and effectively. Work closely with AS&E Supply Chain teams to help develop suitable reporting and documentation to support annual planned KPI’s. For example, build tracking tools for Cost Savings, On Time Delivery or Inventory reduction. Collects & organizes data for Supply Planning monthly metrics as well as Supply Dashboards; creates charts for trending comparisons. Creates queries and reports to aid Supply Planning managers in highlighting delivery risks. Collects & organizes data for Supply Planning monthly metrics as well as Supply Dashboards; creates charts for trending comparisons. Generates reports, and aids in transforming transactional base sourcing data into meaningful information to drive informed dialog and strategy development within the sourcing and quality operations departments. Provide analytics support through combination of data mining, data modeling, data analysis, cost/benefit analysis, process mapping, and/or problem analysis. Uphold the Company’s core values of Integrity, Innovation, Accountability, and Teamwork. Demonstrate behavior consistent with the Company’s Code of Ethics and Conduct. Ensure that direct report(s) are trained and evaluated on their knowledge and adherence to the Company’s values, Code of Ethics and Conduct, and applicable compliance policies. Manage, evaluate and develop team of employees to meet functional deliverables and responsibilities. Complete company people management requirements. Exhibit manager core competencies. It is the responsibility of every Spacelabs Healthcare employee to report to their manager or a member of senior management any quality problems or defects in order for corrective action to be implemented and to avoid recurrence of the problem. Duties may be modified or assigned at any time to meet the needs of the business. Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Supply Chain, Industrial Engineering or 1-3 years Supply Chain experience with knowledge of SQL, Python, R ect. preferred Understanding of using strong analytical, problem solving and statistical skills with an understanding of building KPI’s, Dashboards, Spend Cubes, Inventory Models, and Capacity Models, ensuring accuracy of data for tracking to the metrics and being able to draw fact based conclusions. Knowledge of Supply Chain including, replenishment, sourcing, logistics, related to data analytics. 1-3 years’ experience with Business Intelligence Crystal Reports, Power BI, Tableau. Prefer experience in Power BI 1-3 years. SQL, Python, R experience preferred. Advanced EXCEL skill required. Excellent written and verbal communication skills, strong analytical skills with the ability to multi-task. Uphold the company’s core values of Integrity, Innovation, Accountability, and Teamwork Demonstrate behavior consistent with the company’s Code of Ethics and Conduct It is the responsibility of every employee to report to their manager or a member of senior management any quality problems or defects in order for corrective action to be implemented and to avoid recurrence of the problem Duties may be modified or assigned at any time to meet the needs of the business. Must be US Persons based on ITAR definition (US Citizen or Permanent Resident) This position is expected to be exposed to information which is subject to US export control regulations, i.e. the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) or the Export Administration Regulations (EAR). All applicants must be U.S. persons within the meaning of U.S. regulations. _This position includes an education verification as part of our background check._ Equal Opportunity Employer EEO is the Law Poster Link: http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf _OSI Systems, Inc. has three operating divisions: (a) Security, providing security and inspection systems, turnkey security screening solutions and related services; (b) Healthcare, providing patient monitoring, diagnostic cardiology and anesthesia systems; and (c) Optoelectronics and Manufacturing, providing specialized electronic components and electronic manufacturing services for original equipment manufacturers with applications in the defense, aerospace, medical and industrial markets, among others._