Chime is dedicated to helping our members lead healthy financial lives. That’s why we offer an award-winning bank account that doesn’t charge unnecessary fees, gives members early access to their paychecks, and helps them save money automatically. Hundreds of thousands of people use the Chime mobile app and debit card to make purchases, track spending, save for the future, and more. Our members love Chime and use it daily. We believe that the big banks fail to help their members achieve financial health - and in many cases work against it, charging hundreds of dollars in hidden fees and pushing products that drive people into debt. We don’t think it needs to be this way, so we’re out to beat them. We have one of the most experienced management teams in Fintech and just raised a $70M Series C funding round, led by Menlo Ventures, to fuel our growth. If you’re looking to join a small but fast-growing company with a beloved, daily-use product and an authentic mission that puts people first, we want to meet you. Chime is a technology and data-driven finance startup. We are mining vast amounts of data to protect our members and ourselves from fraudsters. Our Data Scientists play an absolutely pivotal role in the company, creating the models that allow us to evaluate the risk of various types of banking transactions in realtime in unprecedentedly holistic, efficient, and accurate ways. What You'll Do Build production fraud and transaction based machine learning models; your models will decide which transactions we will approve or decline in real time. Work very closely with the Data Engineering team to ensure that we have the data needed by your models instantly available at scale in real time. What We Look For Passion and drive to change consumer banking for the better 3+ years industry experience or PhD in related field (Computer Science, Statistics, Machine Learning) Deep understanding of and experience with machine learning, data analytics, and statistical models Strong programming ability Advanced degree (MS/PhD) strongly preferred ====