Roche Diagnostics has created a new group called Diagnostics Information Solutions, that is building NAVIFY (navify.com), a Decision Support Platform to improve how healthcare is delivered. Our challenge is to bring together complex diagnostic and treatment data from medical devices and IT systems within a hospital and intelligently process and present this data to doctors and caregivers to improve patient care. We have built the foundation of a modern SaaS stack, with a microservices based architecture hosted on AWS, and are now looking to scale this to support a portfolio of products and add new capabilities. We are looking for strong backend data engineers to join our brand new Analytics Data Engineering team. This team will be responsible for building big data analytics tools, a data lake architecture, data processing pipelines, and data visualization tools. This is an exciting opportunity to join the group from the ground up, and influence our vision and architecture. Responsibilities: Work with data scientists and machine learning experts to create a platform that can be used to derive insights from clinical data Write maintainable, reliable, reusable, secure, performant code. Lead and participate in design and code reviews. Work with our DevOps team to turn prototypes into production quality code and infrastructure Maintain a culture that values technical excellence together with support and compassion for individuals. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science, or related discipline 7-10+ years of experience as a software or data engineer Software development experience in Java, as well at least one of Python, R, or Scala Experience building large scale data warehouses and ETL data processing pipelines Experience with big data technologies (Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Presto, etc.) Have successfully supported an enterprise-scale web application in the cloud AWS experience RDBMS experience (SQL, schema design and optimization) Experience with reporting and analytic tools Experience with columnar data stores (Parquet, ORC, Redshift) NoSQL experience (DynamoDB, Cassandra, HBase, MongoDB) Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Nice to have: Experience with NLP, Machine Learning, Deep Learning Experience with healthcare data and workflows (e.g. HL7, FHIR) Knowledge of infrastructure automation (CloudFormation, Terraform) Experience with streaming data technologies (Kafka, Kinesis, Storm, Spark Streaming) Roche is an equal opportunity employer. Research & Development, Research & Development > Devices, Systems and Solutions Who we are At Roche, 94,000 people across 100 countries are pushing back the frontiers of healthcare. Working together, we’ve become one of the world’s leading research-focused healthcare groups. Our success is built on innovation, curiosity and diversity. Roche is an equal opportunity employer and strictly prohibits unlawful discrimination based upon an individual’s race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin/ancestry, age, mental/physical disability, medical condition, marital status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.