The JPMorgan Chase Institute is a global think tank dedicated to delivering data-rich analyses and expert insights for the public good. The mission of the JPMorgan Chase Institute is to help decision makers – policymakers, businesses, and nonprofit leaders – appreciate the scale, granularity, diversity, and interconnectedness of the global economic system and use better facts, real-time data, and thoughtful analysis to make smarter decisions to advance global prosperity. The JPMorgan Chase Institute is seeking to fill the role of a Research Software Engineer (Associate), located in either its New York, N.Y. or Washington, D.C. office. In this role, you will be a critical member of the JPMC Institute data pipeline and operations teams, and a partner for the JPMC Institute researchers in liaising with various internal partners to solve technical challenges. The Research Software Engineer will rely on excellent technical problem- solving skills to effectively manage a portfolio of short- and longer-term improvements to the Institute’s data environment, capabilities, and analytical practices. You will act as a team resource and technical expert to assist researchers in addressing technical challenges of working with big data to deliver first-of-its-kind research. You will identify and develop strategic technical capabilities in support of the Institute’s operating model and mission. This role primarily focuses on collaborating with research teams to leverage data on trillions of transactions in a Hadoop tech stack to uncover insights about the U.S. economy and global financial markets. This involves consulting in the design and execution of statistical analyses, and playing a lead role in data validation efforts and in the smooth functioning and strategic planning of the institute’s technology stack. This role requires strong collaboration and communication skills to interact with various technology and business groups, as well as a nimble command of modern data science tools and techniques. Responsibilities Lead and coordinate communications with multiple partners throughout JPMorgan Chase, one of the largest consumer and investment banks in the US Establish relationships with critical corporate and Line of Business partners in order to understand business processes and promote Institute data interests Proactively identify opportunities to streamline integrated job workflows, including implementing automation and monitoring solutions for success Provide technical guidance to Institute researchers and drive solutions to complex problems Respond to researcher requests for advice on statistical techniques and project workflows Collaborate with technology partners in root cause analysis (RCA) efforts to minimize future system issues Work with big data developers and developer teams designing scalable supportable infrastructure. Work with Linux server admin team in troubleshooting technical problems Maintain awareness of new or emerging technologies and potential application to the Institute’s workflow Qualifications BS Degree in computer science / computer engineering or related data science field (required) 4-5 years work experience or practical application of expertise preferred Prior programming experience in a Hadoop environment Creativity, collaborative spirit, excellent communication skills (written and verbal), and strong interpersonal skills Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Experience scripting in Linux-based shells Fluency with statistical computing tools like Spark, R, Python, or Scala Advanced experience with Hive, Impala, and SQL Passion for Institute mission a must Please submit coding sample with resume