About Lineage Logistics: Lineage Logistics is a warehousing and logistics partner committed to delivering sophisticated, customized, and dependable cold chain solutions to leading food, retail, agriculture and distribution companies. We serve customers who put a premium on excellence and reliability to ensure our nation’s food supply is handled, stored and delivered safely and securely through the entire supply chain. Your Career Starts Here! Lineage is currently searching for a Financial Analyst to join our growing team! As the Financial Analyst for the Network Optimization Team, you are the primary source, repository and manager of financial data related to company growth initiatives and economic return projects. While developing models and analyzing trends, you determine the overall financial effectiveness and excellence of potential optimization and growth projects. As the primary liaison between operations, sales, engineering, legal, and finance, you are skillful at supporting cross-functional cooperation and building strong working relationships while acting as a conduit regarding financial and operational performance and improvement. To be effective in this role, you must bring objective thinking to properly evaluate, communicate and educate. You must be results oriented and possess initiative. This is a project driven role in which you often work with a sense of urgency to drive issues to closure. Ability to adapt to change and operate in a dynamic organization will be key. Expect to be speaking about diverse business topics with senior executives on a frequent basis. You must be technically inclined, capable of understanding and managing financial information systems, various software packages, and databases. These are tools which allow you to successfully do your job and deliver solutions to the financial infrastructure. Responsibilities: Reporting and Analysis: You will provide a financial advisory role by developing and reporting key drivers of the projects and initiatives being evaluated for implementation. Analyze the financial and business impact of projects and initiatives. Provide month-end / quarterly / annual analysis related to project spending and financial performance vs. target/budget/forecast by identifying key areas impacting the results. This will include P&L, Balance Sheet and Cash Flow items as appropriate. Work cross functionally to evaluate prioritized company projects and initiatives including revenue, labor, and operating expense impact to specific cost centers. Collaborate with project teams to create project implementation business case impact awareness. Effectively communicate potential project implementation impact via written and verbal means. Focus on Key Performance Indicator reporting which is relevant (actionable) and consistent throughout the organization based on grouping of like facilities and customer base (managed, distribution, rental, commodity, etc.). Report and analyze prior initiatives put in place to identify if the projects produced the desired result and provide comments and analysis that will facilitate corrective actions. Perform standard and ad hoc reporting that supports the various corporate and management requirements that address company initiatives or are necessary to support the business. Job Requirements: Bachelors or Masters in Accounting, Finance, Economics; MBA highly preferred. 3-5 years experience in Financial Analysis. Strong leadership skills required. Technically inclined - experience working in corporate information systems and databases. Advanced Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint and Budgeting Software skills. Access skills desirable. Highest standards of accuracy and precision; highly organized. Articulate with excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to think creatively, highly-driven and self-motivated Demonstrated ability to roll-up sleeves and work with team members Lineage Team Members: Continually meet internal and external customer expectations through teamwork, respect and willingness to help and support others. Demonstrate complete commitment to a culture of safety. Promote a safe work environment through personal actions and identifying any safety concerns. Treat all team members with respect while demonstrating a positive work attitude and leadership skills. Take initiative to continually improve performance and work processes through feedback, problem solving and generating new ideas. Work with a sense of urgency to complete tasks safely, effectively and efficiently. Demonstrate excellent job performance in productivity, quality, safety, and attendance. Benefits: Lineage provides safe, stable, reliable work environments, competitive pay, excellent benefits, 401K, and Paid Time Off. Successful candidates will be required to pass a post offer, pre-employment drug screen and background check. Not ready to apply? Join our Talent Network. Note that this will not apply for a job. To apply, you must click below to begin.