A Great Place to Work Last year, we transformed the P2P payments industry with Zelle. 247-million transactions and $75-billion later, consumers love us as much as our amazing team of talented people. Come join the most INNOVATIVE FinTech company in Arizona. Overall Purpose Ensure product solutions align with the business objectives and technology strategy of the company. Play an integral role in delivering new applications. Collaborate with Business, Application Development, Systems Engineering and Security to identify and implement optimal components in the technology stack. Coordinate with Architecture Council for Safety and Soundness of technology decisions and integration into overall solution architecture. Essential Functions Be the technology counterpart to the PMO from an accountability point of view. Gain a complete understanding of the platform / solution requirements through review of written requirements and interaction with Product Owners, Business Systems Analysts and Financial Institutions, specifically within the context of Mobile Authentication. Facilitate the resolution of production issues by providing expert-level insight into the entire assigned solution stack. Provide validation on critical technology decisions by reporting Team Architects Interact with product teams to validate Product Requirements Document and approve features. Work with the various engineering disciplines to understand the capabilities of the solution environment. Work with Enterprise Architects and the Architecture Council / Review Board to refine and communicate a unified vision. Identify and articulate the technical requirements of solutions to meet project and business needs. Own full ownership of solution recommendation, design, implementation and results for modules assigned. Provide effective leadership to the Architecture team and develops and manages a highly engaged, high performance team. May be responsible for managing a team of Architects. Guide the Architects in the creation of architectural decisions and artifacts. Provide inputs and counsel to internal and external partners on all technology matters related to modules owned. Support the company’s commitment to protect the integrity and confidentiality of systems and data. Minimum Qualifications Education or experience equivalent to a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, MIS or related field. Extensive experience architecting systems to authenticate consumers in a call center environment, including integration with mobile phones, Mobile Network Operators (MNOs), call center routing systems and CRMs. Minimum of 10 or more years of progressive experience in technology and architecture development with 3 or more years leading or managing teams. Strong interpersonal skills. Ability to integrate across the organization, collaborate with cross-functional teams, and communicate effectively with a variety of technical and non-technical staff. Strong interpersonal skills. Preferred Qualifications Experience with distributed computing solutions, mobile consumer apps and/or financial network architecture. Additional related education and/or experience preferred. The above job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards of the position. Incumbents will follow instructions and perform other related duties as assigned by their supervisor. Physical Requirements Working conditions consist of a normal office environment. Work is primarily sedentary and requires extensive use of a computer and involves sitting for periods of approximately four hours. Work may require occasional standing, walking, kneeling and reaching. Must be able to lift 10 pounds occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently. Requires visual acuity and dexterity to view, prepare, and manipulate documents and office equipment including personal computers. Requires the ability to communicate with internal and/or external customers. Employee must be able to perform essential functions and physical requirements of position with or without reasonable accommodation. _Early Warning is an equal opportunity employer that takes affirmative action to employ, and advance in employment, qualified minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and covered veterans._