Talend and Hadoop tester Big Data Quality Assurance/Hadoop Tester, Prefer candidates who can both automate tests and construct good test scenario data sets, across the full test life cycle. Responsibilities Write and execute System and User Acceptance strategies, plans and scripts Create appropriate test scenarios and data sets. Work with lines of business, technology, and operations to determine priorities, and schedule of releases. Document test procedures, and issues. Support testing AND automation of testing for a range of projects from defect fixes and enhancements to strategic initiatives. Log bugs and enhancements into the defect tracking and planning tool. Escalate key testing issues and provide feedback to the stakeholders. Ensure that all requirements are covered in the testing, that it is completed within established time and that objectives conform to the user requirements and line of business. Provide input and shape SIT & UAT processes in line with industry best practices. Requirements Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field. 3+ years of direct functional testing experience, working with Big Data testing (nice to have Hadoop, Neteeza, and/or GreenThumb). Prefer experience with test automation, including the Cucumber automated acceptance test software. Deep expertise in test methodology, process, planning, and execution. Financial services experience with SAS tools and JAVA. Experience with Oracle, and querying in SQL and Hive. Candidates should be flexible / willing to work across this delivery landscape which includes and not limited to Agile Applications Development, Support and Deployment. Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini. Qualifications Test Consultants are concerned with the independent verification and validation of the products produced by the development process. Testing is carried out in each phase: the requirements are tested by an acceptance test, the system design (analysis and design) by a system and integration test, and the programs by a program and module test. Required Skills and Experience: You design and execute tests for an application/system based on the Software Architecture (models and principles). You perform many of the roles required for a software test project; e.g. defect management, test analysis and supporting acceptance tests. Typically these roles are performed as part of a team of software testers containing the experience and skills required to deliver successfully. You have a solid background in IT; have received training in testing; and have participated in at least one system test or acceptance test. Qualification: Minimum 3 years experience, Bachelor’s Degree. Certification: Has or seeking SE level 1. Should have progressing skills in Business Analysis, Business Knowledge, Testing, Software Engineering, Architecture Knowledge, Technical Solution Design and Quality Management. Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law About Capgemini A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 200,000 team members in over 40 countries. The Group reported 2017 global revenues of EUR 12.8 billion (about $14.4 billion USD at 2017 average rate). Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.