The Solution Architect is a unique hybrid of business and technical consultant with the ability to operate as a digital technical lead focusing on web and mobile platforms. As the owner of technical solutions for multiple clients, this individual is responsible for the successful onboarding and overall technological direction for those clients. You will work as a liaison between the account management and operations team to design and deliver high quality, scalable technical solutions. The successful candidate will be able to display thought leadership, technical prowess, and the ability to manage cross- division, cross-functional teams from project inception to completion. What you'll do: Demonstrate technical expertise while scoping and driving the creation of digital solutions, web architecture, app architecture, email campaigns and key data integration. Gather business, marketing, and technical requirements in order to craft a comprehensive and scalable solution. Ensure alignment of business requirements with industry best practices. Architect data feeds, platform configuration, web/micro services and components needed to run complex web and mobile applications. Proactively identify and resolve problems including client data feed issues. Stay abreast of industry technology innovations, new business practices, and third-party technology solutions. Project management skills and strong attention to detail. Demonstrated ability to manage logistics and tactical details with flawless execution. Ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously. Help us continuously improve by identifying, creating, and enhancing internal systems and processes based on recurring client requests or evolving industry standards. Act as a consultant and technical expert on web and mobile platforms to serve clients’ needs. Create and provide technical documentations and specifications as necessary. Who you are: You have a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or interdisciplinary You have 5+ years of related experience You have at least 3+ years of extensive, hands on experience with Oracle Responsys, preferably having served in a large enterprise environment, with at least 2 years in a client-facing position. You have experience in working with web and mobile platforms in any of the following: .NET, PHP, React Native, Swift, Java, Android You have experience with managing and manipulating data with databases such as SQL You have experience in a technical leadership role designing, building, and executing complex automated email campaigns in a leading ESP, such as Salesforce Marketing Cloud/ExactTarget, Oracle Responsys or Eloqua, Adobe Campaign, Epsilon, Acxiom, Yesmail, etc. You have excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to conceptualize and communicate highly detailed technical concepts to technical and non-technical audiences You have the ability to take initiative as well as lead, motivate, and oversee teams to produce results. You have a strong understanding of the following: Solution design and architecture Relational database concepts, with exposure to SQL Data management, segmentation, and ETL best practices Scripting and query development Front end development and best practices (HTML, CSS, JS) RESTful services and architecture