Job Description: Sr Analyst, Reporting & Analytics T-Mobile is looking to add an exceptional contributor to the Payments Strategy & Operations (PSO) team who will help drive payment strategies. This team is responsible for over $35 billion in annual customer payments. We are constantly looking for opportunities to improve the customer experience through new and innovative payment methods. Payments and mobile are growing increasingly more connected and now is an exciting time to join a fun and dynamic team at the carrier that is “revolutionizing the telecom industry.” PSO Vision Statement: “We embody the un-carrier spirit by delivering innovative and trusted payment experiences.” Summary Reporting to the Sr Manager of Reporting & Analytics, the Sr Analyst is responsible for developing collaborative partnerships with multiple business lines across the organization to create holistic views of payments that provide actionable insights for decision makers. The Sr Analyst is responsible for ensuring the integrity of data obtained from partner vendors and internal systems to confirm accuracy. In addition to developing new reports and analysis, the Sr Analyst will be responsible for making enhancements based on evolving business requirements. This role is instrumental in supporting a culture of ‘challenging the status quo’ by developing and maintaining a positive learning environment through collaborative partnerships. Responsibilities: Coordinate with Data Modeling and Data Science teams to extract data and assist operations with identifying areas of opportunity for payment related processes. Utilize effective project planning techniques to break down moderately complex projects into tactical and operational level tasks to ensure that deadlines are met. Identify and evaluate opportunities to proactively manage and reduce payment fees, while “delivering innovative and trusted payment experiences.” Complete moderately complex adhoc and project-oriented research, analysis, and reporting to ensure the overall ‘health of payments.’ Become an expert with the company’s data infrastructure and help to establish best practices as they relate to data-driven research and analysis. Build out new data flows as the scope of our data acquisition and quality strategy expands. Develop and maintain collaborative partnerships with internal customers and key stakeholders. Review industry resources for payments trends, innovations, and benchmarks. Qualifications: 5+ years of experience with data mining, reporting, and analysis. Strong understanding of relational databases and a high-degree of technical proficiency with SQL and a data visualization tool such as Tableau or Power BI. Teradata, SAS, R, and/or Python experience is strongly preferred. Well-developed understanding of techniques for cleaning, organizing, and structuring data to provide efficient, reliable, and accurate results. Ability to interpret, synthesize, and effectively communicate complex analysis in a way that enables you to provide actionable insight to upper level management. Proven ability to quickly establish credibility, trust, and support within all levels of organization. Demonstrated ability to successfully manage competing priorities in a fast-paced, results-oriented environment; ability to work both independently and within the context of a team. Must be able to effectively communicate to all levels of the organization to ensure that deliverables align with business objectives. Strong critical-thinking, organizational, and time management skills. Wireless industry and electronic payments experience preferred. Education Minimum Required Bachelor’s degree in Business, Economics, Finance, Mathematics, Statistics, or related analytical field. LI-KS1 Company Profile: As America’s Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: “TMUS”) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company’s advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com EOE Statement: We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.